Culture, role impact, mission driven, collaboration
1. If you love tech, this is a great place. No doubt you'll talk tech (mostly the MSFT stack) from enterprise to consumer - from PCs to phones to Xboxes - from datacenter to desktop.  2. What were GREAT benefits are now VERY GOOD (took a small step down) but still probably better than you'll find at 99% of large corporations. If you've got family - the value of the benefits is even higher. 401k match is nice.  3. Even with it's struggles MSFT is still a cash printing machine. This means if you can keep your nose clean and do reasonable work, you can have a stable job, pay your bills, feed your family, and not worry (too much) about layoffs. The stock you own likely won't tank, but probably won't go up much either. You'll get a bonus each year and some stock. It's a decent life if you aren't looking to light the world on fire.
Great company and Great people
Benefits, work-life balance, tons of internal knowledge
Smart people, work life balance, growth mindset, challenging work
Challenging work and collaboration with brilliant coworkers.
Excellent place to work
Great culture and employees are helpful
Amazing benefits, culture and team.
The work culture and the environment is super beneficial to the employees.
Great culture and good work-life balance
Salary and Bonuses are very generous (can you say golden handcuffs?) Benefits are excellent Good teamwork within my workgroup
Great work like balance, benefits and career oportinities
Good work life balance and good job outlook
Company with a clear purpose
Great benefits, excellent work environment
Great benefits, awesome management structure
Fantastic benefits, perks, and connections.
Clarity of work, growth, smart coworkers, benefits
Great work benefits and life
Help people work safely in the field.
Great work life balance. Impactful work.
Benefits for part time employees, education opportunities, schedule flexibility, and high starting pay.
Truly a global company. Satya Nadella Great coworkers.
Smart people, lots of different products and technologies to work on, growing respect real work/life balance.
Intelligent coworkers, good leadership, focus on employee happiness
Challenging work and environment, very capable coworkers
good people which are nice to work with
Company mission and vision is second to none. Benefits are amazing, flexibility for a retail job is unrivaled. You get to use the latest and greatest products and software. One of the best things about the company is that the larger corporation listens to its people out in the field to improve on products and services. Tons of opportunity to learn new things.
work life balance single office
Good insurance plans if you got a family.
Great ooace to work, friendly people
Plenty of technologies to learn
Endless supply of new projects/exciting work. Different backgrounds are respected. Smartest people.
Living compensation and salary were overall great.
Literally no work Payment Seattle Free public transit Satya Looks really good on my resume now
Great benefits, smart people, interesting opportunities
People, culture, no overtime work
Big company, lots of room to move around. Really smart people. Good teamwork is possible.
1. Interesting work 2. Ability to change teams 3. Good Benefits
Innovator, market leader with a clear focus
Overall the company is seeking to innovate and change. Definitely headed in the right direction.
Respect for the individual, constant stressing of core cultural values of letting everyone be heard, etc. Decent work/life balance, though it's hugely dependent on the individual to enforce. Individuals are encouraged to engage with managers at any level (for example with your manager's manager's manager...). There's a general high-level of passion for the products we make.
good management in the field
The company has really change its culture and is very innovative now.
Great company, benefits, opportunities for personal growth
Diversity of opportunities, compensation and benefits, donations and giving, stance against Trump's discriminatory policies.
Work is often enjoyable. Great side perks like backup childcare and fairly happy team.
Great benifets, exposure to Microsoft products and coporate members, helps you stay up to date on tech.
great culture, potential to grow
Big company, can have many choices
Great atmosphere to work in
With any company this size, it's going to depend on your department and management. I've been here 4 years, and we're given all of the tools and flexibility needed to do our jobs well. Pay and benefits are definition top of market. Cool perks/parties/etc. Great company to work for.
People and company culture is great
A lot of work from home opportunities and access to education even though most of it is selling propaganda unless you are in a highly technical role. Good benefits. Great matching on 401k and charitable contributions. Working with smart people. Saying you work for Microsoft.
I was at MSFT back in 90's when Bill G was still in charge. Returned to the company in 2010 about the time Steve B left and Satya N took over.  Great Benefits for a family! Great place to get experience and then move on.
Microsoft puts a lot of emphasis on the customer and on being ethical in everything we do. Specially abled people are factored in when designing various customer facing products. The culture within the company after Satya took over has been changing in many good ways.
Culture is great, people work together and have very clear direction. Exec team is awesome and a great group of leaders. Compensation is good and tons of opportunities to develop.
Smart people, easy to switch teams, not too much office politics
flexible hours and short commute for me to work
Good work-life balance and interesting projects
Microsoft is an amazing company - I was fortunate enough to visit the Seattle campus, Building 92. heard Satya speak live. Also visited the UK campus for FY18 readiness training - incredible experience. Brilliant coworkers, excellent managers, cool tech.
Had fun time at the Kirkland office
Competitive Salary Good Work life balance Good projects depending on the team you work for,
Work-Live balance and flexibility are pretty good
Great company things have changed with the new CEO
Not too much pressure, nice people, supportive, great environment to be happy
- Great vision - Good leadership team under Satya - Culture change for the good - Good pay and benefits - Relocation options
There was growth mindset ,Inclusion and a great work/life balance.
Work life balance. They are really flexible on schedule, work from home, family issues and so on. This varies team to team but in general the culture is one of flexibility as long as you're doing your job. Pay is average for 'big tech' (very good for almost anyone in the world) but combined with the work/life balance and lack of stress compared to other large tech companies it is a VERY good place to work.
Benefits and perks are top notch. If you are young, you have high chance to get a job. MSFT is doing great business overall.
Very good work life balance
After working for over a decade in a company I still think that it was a good choice to join Microsoft. Specifying 2 main pros: (a) Working on products that, literally, millions of people are using in their day-to-day life (b) Ability to change jobs (type of project, dev language, architecture) without leaving the company.
Good work culture Good teammates work ethics
Work life balance. Ability to move between things and work on areas of interest and great benefits
Good pay and benefits
prestigious job, good working environment, company culture supportive of the individual working for them
Good company. Good culture. Good stock
benefits, work life balance, environment of campus
Pay and Benefits are better that most companies
Benefits were great, pay was decent.
Not too stressful environment on most teams Work the way you want culture
Flexibility, growth mindset culture, endless opportunities. Incredible leadership that cares about their employees and customers! Great place to work and actually feel like you are making a positive impact on the world around you!
staff, health benefits - even for part-time employees!, vacation and sick time, free swag, an opportunity to work in different departments, quarterly bonuses based on sales performance, really great for a student or someone who does not mind working retail
Great culture (especially under Satya), flexible hours
Great company with great work life balance
work life balance is good
Challenging, rewarding, great benefits
Ever changing environment where you are forced to think on your feet and react to the clients needs versus a robotic approach.
Incredibly smart people, good benefits (many of which are available on campus), and the regenerated Microsoft brand. Moving the right direction on diversity and inclusion. Lots of divisions/groups to choose from.
1. Work life balance 2. Brand effect for those outside of IT industry or in other countries 3. Office 4. Lots of old people which make work environment relaxed
Its a great place to work
Great work challenges every day
Amazing level, management and team
Quality Work and balanced work-life.
Great benefits. Great place to learn and grow technical skills
Great work life balance to take vacation.
Culture, Work, Comp. Allowed to have life outside of work. PM role is shifting to more product focused role while still maintaining technical nature. PMs are not "dev babysitters" here, which is fantastic! I feel like I can be myself coming into work everyday, which is a great & motivating feeling.
awesome experience loved it dearly
Good work environment. Challenging work.
Free food and flexible time
Great company, lots of work perks
Amazing salary and benefits, honestly top notch. There may be some competitors who pay more in comparison but most employees with competitors are miserable and dying for a good culture. Culture at Microsoft is amazing and extremely important. Everyone is very collaborative and they want to help you succeed for the most part. The opportunity once you enter Microsoft is honestly endless. You can make about as much money as you can possibly imagine, and do any job you’ve ever really wanted to do. You can also move almost anywhere you want to move. Most roles have a ton of opportunity to work remote, which is my favorite part. I accomplish so much from home, and without the travel time on a daily basis I finish more than I normally would. Work life balance is great and an emphasis- they encourage you to enjoy your time with your family. Ultimately that’s up to you if you can separate the two.
- Good balance between life and work - Redmond is great - Pleasant company culture
Great benefits and great work culture.
The work place is very nice, the people that walk in are very windows pro and that excites me!
Excellent benefits, working with latest technology
People are genuinely nice to work with and very smart
People are fun to work with
Work with smart people with a lot of industry experience Great benefits and 401k matching Lots of learning opportunities and speakers
good work life balance in general
- Good perks, strong employee focus
Smart people, good work, benefit to society.
Great company and culture across the board.
Big name. some teams are good
Great place to learn. Work life balance
Great pay and benefits, one gets to work with smart and extraordinary people. One can develop a deep understanding of specific Microsoft Technologies.
Great benefits, Manageable work loads, good work life balance
Culture bonuses There is definitely room to grow
Good pay, company culture is improving drastically, great benefits for families and individuals, great opportunities for movement and different projects.
I've been working at MS for little more than 5 years. MS has a good salary and benefit. I would say it's pretty good work & life balance I could manage.
Good work and life balance
Meaningful CEO Great Products Cash in hand
Fun project, lots of networking opportunities, great people
Good salary if you hit your numbers.
Benefits, Pay, Stock, Global presence ,
Highest paying sales position around, could be fun sometimes when there is an event. Nice break room with soda, juice and water.
Top-notch benefits. Unbelievable training resources.
Work life balance, travel, bonuses
Great benefits, opportunities are there if you look, ability to work on products and projects that impact everyone.
Stability and good benefits. Good job mobility at lower levels. Great people to work with.
Pretty good benefits, nice campus, decent work-life balance.
Treats employees well Good work life balanace
Great company to work for
culture, money, location, benefits, flexible
Decent benefits, fun work associates, learning opportunities everywhere
Global software leader in software development
stability, low bar, promotions, stock price
Work life balance is good
Great company lots of benefits. Lacks aspirational goals sometimes since money doesn’t seem to be an issue. Great company if you’re settling down
Lots of control over your area
Good pay, great benefits. I learned a lot while working at Microsoft.
Employees are well compensated, and benefits and perks are great. Plus most employees are working on large, meaningful projects with a major impact on business or consumers.
Work life balance, good team, nice cafeteria.
It was a great job right out of school. I learned a lot and truly was able to grasp the big picture of working at a major company. Benefits were great and I loved the environment of constant mental growth
Mature and well established recruiting organization Advanced in strategies when compared to main competitors
Great hours, part time so worked with my family
- Work life balance is respected, so you have time to develop yourself outside of work - Compensation and benefits are generous - It's a family friendly company if you're at that stage in your life and want to slow down - The company is financially stable ( for now )
Breadth of opportunity to work on established and growing businesses, lateral movement between roles, divisions and business groups encouraged, lots of tools, training offered to manage career and learn new things, sharpen skills
Good welfare and Benefits Package.
Microsoft is a cool place to work with a lot of very interesting projects
Nice environment and colleagues, free snacks and drinks.
Breadth of opportunity to work on established and growing businesses, lateral movement between roles, divisions and business groups encouraged, lots of tools, training offered to manage career and learn new things, sharpen skills
Perks and good food everyday and nice people
Can try different product and technology.
none really a company you'd like to work in , now.
Great people, great benefits, lots of opportunities to work in different fields/products
Amazing place to work and pursue your passion.
Great WLB, interesting projects, lots of smart people
Phenomenal perks, generally good work-life balance, great tooling for developers to be productive
Opportunity to learn some cool tech
Great work culture, benefits and values
great perks and compensation and people
Great Culture. Great People. I was blessed to work with great Management.
An easy job to do while going to school, especially since they will help pay for it.
good work environment and benefits
Microsoft equals to good salary and status
Smart, high-caliber co-workers. Challenging environment. Good compensation.
Easily the best company to intern at. They give you insane benefits, treat you nicely, and almost everyone gets return offers!
Generous offer for a new grad
Benefits, 401k, Medical, Dental, Vision, ESPP are all excellent.
Flexible career growth paths, you control your destiny, meaningful work, great work-life balance
the ceo is pretty cool and the direction is nice
Working with large, brand recognizable customers to move services to the cloud. Microsoft often gets a 'first look' for cloud services from Enterprise customers, due to the long history of offering enterprise-grade solutions for corporate customers. Microsoft is for the most part an open and fair place to work.
Great working environment, open theme is actually helpful. Open source is now encouraged and really makes development a lot faster and funner.
Nice people. Steady paycheck. Great medical benefits.
the pay is great and vacation time is great!
Great exposure to events and activities
Family oriented company Great ethical values Awesome benefits Paid time off/sick time Get paid to play games
Talented engineers, good mentorship, good work-life balance
Lots of variety, smart people, good opportunities for continuing training and learning.
Company culture is very supportive and the sales message is that the technology transforms productivity, collaboration and participation. Pretty cool.
CEO, ability to impact customers
This is a place to exercise your growth mindset. The company values diversity in all senses, including thinking. Management embraces failures and victories at balance as everything is an opportunity to learn. If you have the grit to continuously improve yourself and your career, this is the place for you. If you have a fixed mindset maybe not.
Good career development opportunities there
many activities, especially the signature event. Great benefits and work life balance
Amazing work environment, traning, and friendly
Pros: great people and management
For people that enjoy talking to people this is great for you. Get to travel for your job and all the expenses are paid for by the company. Work can be done remotely.
Great technology, lots of creative people and amazing number of opportunities across the company - can literally change careers without losing seniority
Work with many talented people.
Lot of great projects to work on, great life-balance, especially compared to the competition, perks and prestige galore.
great company great technology
The benefits are good, the focus is on the customer, and the company evolved to be relevant and lead.
Salary, benefits, paid trainings, extras, growth if willing to relocate
Many opportunities. Great people to work with. Always something new to learn.
Great benefits and good career opportunities
Great benefits and location
The campus is very nice, low-pressure environment, great benefits, generous pay.
Lots of good resources, talented peers and happy events.
office culture, good team and leadership
Benefits are possibly the best in the industry, depending on what state you reside in you may pay nothing (per paycheck, not co-pays) for medical benefits, dental and vision are spectacular as well (they even cover adult orthodontia). 401k match is great, stock grants (not options) are like a carrot on a string but when they vest it is great, expect these grants in lieu of substantial salary raises or bonuses...ymmv Company is very set on becoming diverse company embracing all cultures and personality, unsure how well or how measured this is. They can speak out against obvious wrongs from political leadership yet they are protested for their government (ICE) contracts, still feels much more ethical compared to other companies I have worked for.
Growth Oriented, inclusive, lots of opportunities to learn new technologies.
Amazing inside view building the cloud
1. Work-life balance 2. Talented co-workers 3. Company in the right direction
Professional and highly skilled colleagues and a really good work climate
Incredible work experience, innovative and warming culture. Great place to intern
Challenging and exciting work but you never had good news for the customer
Good work-life balance. Flexible work hours and relaxed environment. Good benefits and medical insurance. Lots of free drinks and tea options. Willing to invest in employees and let them grow.
Learning potential very high and pay is above most
Benefits and Work Flexibility on how to accomplish goals
The company treats the employees amazing by providing top notch comp & benefits.
Good CEO, smart people, good work life balance, Azure is a growth business
Give you time to learn and grow. Provide lots of training on career development. Promote collaboration and encourage knowledge sharing . Great colleagues and working environment.
Great place to work here
Lots of resources for the right projects. Can be cutthroat to get funded, but more resources than most companies. Strong push for more collaboration.
Get to learn a lot of cool technology
Overall good company focusing on AI and Cloud
Good life balance, good pay
Pay, benefits, people, company direction
Good work life balance Good managers who are also competent engineers
-Your ideas are valued a lot and new and creative ideas are encouraged.
Fun work environment, great team, awesome company, growth
stock price moving up a lot
Free benefits, 401K matching, volunteer matching, strong presence in community
Work-life-balance and great freedom in researching
Great product, great talent, and excellent quality management.
Good company, lots of opportunity to work on various things.
Work life balance is good
Life balance is good. In 3 years was able to work 40h every week. People are great. Campus is awesome. Lots of projects
Nice People, Nice Environment but low salary and no growth
Amazing company, amazing culture.
The benefits are generous. Option to work from home periodically allows flexibility. There are many resources available to develop your career. Very passionate about giving to charity. Strong leadership.
1. Good work life balance. 2. Chance to work in well known products and learn inside technology.
Great place to work in
Amazing. Managers were really great.
Empowered to do great work
Good pay, culture is solid
Be yourself, encouraged to do your best, great opportunities for growth and development, great benefits and a great corporate citizen.
Career movement opportunity, flexibility to wfh sometimes
Work-life balance, good environment if you're on a good team
Empowered to do great work
Nice worker, a good place to learn a lot
Travel a lot, working with many different industries across various industries
Large company, teams vary alot some are great others are not
Benefits are very nice . Open source is catching up.
- Amazing engineers working with me, among the best engineers I've ever worked with - Challenging and interesting project
Excellent Place to work and start your career. Great mentors and Great team
Unique company with breadth of technology and products
A very middle of the road place to work
The benefits are some of the best out there. Moreover, the stock has been steadily going up.
An Interesting and changing environment
Great company culture. Truly encourages you to learn.
Enriching, diverse set of people, growth opportunities
Excellent flexibility, direct contact with the Product Groups. You get to work with customers and share success. Tons of opportunity for learning. I love this job because I get to stay technical but also work with our innovative customers.  Also, benefits are really good. 401K match is terrific. Time off. Work / life balance. Salary and benefits are really great for the TSP as well (you get both RBI and CBI, which is outstanding). Stock awards too. You have lots of opportunity to be very well compensated if you deliver results.
mission oriented, open to new ideas within limits, friendly
Smart engineers, many interesting work options
Great pivot from Balmer to Nadella with huge upside in the Cloud business.
satya is a great leader with strong values. he truly is trying to make the company a fantastic place to work and is investing in the right areas to continue leadership in cloud computing
The company is revitalized and reinventing itself. Open to new ideas, looking for customers where they are, moving away from "everything Windows" mentality.
Smart people Company has new motivation
Benefits Highly experienced employees to learn from
Satya Nadella is a truly spectacular leader, as well as Phil Spencer. I honestly loved working for both of them and knew that what I was contributing to was an inspiring vision and mission! The benefits at Microsoft are outstanding, the events are a blast and are a fantastic motivator throughout the year , the opportunities for growth and diversity in your job... some of the best I’ve ever seen. Microsoft also is in a serious growth phase so it’s an exciting time to be a part of the organization!
Big broad challenging busy opportunity
Decent benefits. Some good workers and teammates.
Great work-life balance. The management team doesn't request much to deliver, but expect employees to be reverent to them.
Great benefits and perks Good Salary Great WLB
Flexible with work hours and working from home. Treat staff really well. Lots of great perks.
Surrounded by smart people to work with.
Best work life balance and gender equality
great benefits, decent culture, learning opportunities
Stable, work life, paid ok.
Cutting edge technologies, visionary senior leaderships, great people to work with, work life balance
Great technology, good work life balance, fun teams.
Great community. Good pay. Good location
Great benefits (401K match, health insurance coverage, transportation to work, etc.)  Solid pay and work experience to build and develop your career.
Growth mindset and tackling great problems.
good work life balance compared to other similar companies
-Great work life balance -Great benefits -Great CEO -Great stock to receive bonus on
This is a very good job
-Great work life balance -Great benefits -Great CEO -Great stock to receive bonus on
This is a very good job
Lots of senior people to help onboard and mature
I'm born in the generation that looks up to my current employer
Great healthcare benefits, ok base pay.
Teamwork, comradery, benefits, no micromanagement
share,price pension plan, friedly environment
Great technologies and solutions that are highly scalable and integrated
snacks an drinks provided for employees
Feeling of something good. Working for an enterprise size corporation is great. Discounted software
I loved the tech and wished I could have worked in it more.
Clean Easy Staff doesn't talk down to help
Expectations and work life balance are reasonable.
the work and life balance
+ lots of smart people + customer sentiment is now strong + CEO is brilliant and builds strong culture + very good benefits + GREAT technology to sell + company is an awesome world citizen, gives billions to the needy which feels really good
Lots of resources, internal mobility, etc.
Good work life balance and have good work.
It was a great ride
Microsoft is a great company and a great company to work for. As a person who appreciates diversity and ethics, it would be hard to find a better company than Microsoft.
Working for Microsoft is the best
Great benefits, great pay, and good place to network and grow your career
Work life balance, technology, opportunity for growth, and people.
Freedom to experiment Fast Paced life
Great pay for full time, Microsoft Corp level benefits, ability to do what needs to be done to find right solution for customer, great culture
There are a lot of really smart people working there, and the benefits are great.
Work life balance, drinks, good benefits, flexible remoting
The name. Only the name. The lie is that you'll get paid a ton of money. The truth is its 100% biased on whether you manager likes you
You are building something magnificent that affects millions of people’s lives. Enjoy that.
Technical work which is the best
over all culture and company is good
A lot of opportunities
Great Benefits, competitive salaries
More work life balance. More determanated work scope
Good senior leadership Good strategic direction Good focus on diversity and culture
hours are greater what it is
Great benefits, work/life balance was good, lots of smart folks
Excellent Company to work for
Endless opportunities for advancing technical training and knowledge. Work with some of the most intelligent minds in the industry and with the newest technologies. Self development and growth is part of the culture.
Flexible, decent pay and benefits
Microsoft has a great work life balance, Interesting challenging work, and good policies and team interaction. I like my teammates, management, and compensation. I'm pretty happy working here. The benefits are also very good.
Great company with work going on in a lot of difference areas, so an employee can switch internally and work on difference technologies
Great company to work for. Microsoft really cares about its employees. They have great benefits and work-life balance is great. The atmosphere has really changed for the better the past few years.
Excellent Company to work for
-Free food -Friendly co-workers -Lots of room for growth within the company
Great benefits, decent package and work life balance
Lot of learning, new technologies
dynamic positive customer obsess innovative compassionate
Great benefits and great people to work with
You get to say you work at Microsoft
Wfh culture. Benefits and health insurance
Good benefits - perhaps one of the best even in the Bay Area.
Company is doing well. Good people.
Very good work life balance.
- Great benefits - Great pay - Great work flexibility (work from home, vacation, etc.) - Lax management (no one breathing down your neck)
A wide spectrum of projects. Internal transfer is allowed.
Good benefits. Challenging work. Lots of opportunities for learning new skills. Many support lab resources on campus.
job diversity, benefits, strong future
Autonomy, Great Team, Limited Politics
Amazing company culture, invested mentor team
good benefits and great internal knowledge base
Good work life balance perks
benefits, working hours flexibility, location
Finance org at MSFT is the best out of all the Fortune 500 companies I've worked for. Company perks are fantastic.
Small environment, fast paced, constantly producing
Great company, work environment, opportunities. My manager was very supportive. Benefits are the best.
Great benefits, company environment, opportunities and rewards for hard works
great company to work for.
The opportunities are bountiful. The people truly care about you. The benefits are great. The pay is great.
Amazing CEO who makes you proud to work for such a trailblazing company
Diverse portfolio, resilient and committed leadership, more data driven than ever before.
Great company. Great benefits. Plenty opportunity to grow.
Work Life Balance is good
good communnity, hours are nice, good payment
work life balance variety of work
Great benefits You get a much more lax feeling from those in Redmond-based divisions, creating that One Microsoft feel Loads of resources like LinkedIn Learning for personal development
Great culture, silos still exist but are changing! Benefits are superb! Amazing CEO.
Work life balance is very good
The company is on a roll. Satya lives his values and is creating a new company with great products and a great culture to work in.
Great benefits. Awesome campus facilities. Free drinks.
Great career opportunities for FTE
Microsoft has office, which is good
Great culture. Great benefits. Great learning opportunities.
Microsoft really cares about its Employees. Lots of opportunities to work on cutting-edge technology.
- Coworkers are always smart and know what they're doing - Work tends to be interesting
good company, good culture, strong leadership
Large, agile, innovative, equal opportunity
Great work life balance, benefits
I can learn a lot good technical skills, and good benefit package.
* Great perks and benefits * If you do the bare minimum and can ship code, this is a place you can collect a decent paycheck and coast pretty much forever * Coworkers are generally good people and nondiscriminatory
Fun, Great environment, and tons of help
Excellent mission and leading technology
Access to vast knowledge base and working with awesome people. Diversity.
Over 17 years, I worked in 3 different divisions (Online Advertising, Enterprise Sales & Partners - US and then WW), Consulting Services WW) - each time, it was working in a new company without the necessity of learning the basics. It was a phenomenal opportunity to drive new projects, make a positive impact and move to the next role.
Good food and great coffee
Great culture, life-work balance, good teams and managers. Feels like you are cared for and everyone is like your second family. Lot of benefits.
Less stressful in daily work Good Benifit in daily work
You manage your own time and can work remotely
Large, have opportunity to move between teams and products choose different managers that will work well with you
Great pay, benefits and stock rewards
Work- life balance , 401k,
Obviously, its the center of the world for Microsoft technology.
good money and benefit Package
- Great new technologies - Friendly and talented co-workers - Almost limitless opportunities to work with various new technolgies - Great learning options
Benefits are great. Best if you want to stay long term.
Great company and innovative. I see that the company is transforming quickly.
You are working with a group of smartest people in the world. The daily work in interesting and challenging. Good work-life balance.
Benefits are great! pay is decent, consistent raises great culture
good benefits, layback, easy work, decent money
Nice environment and ppl for anyone not just SDE
Microsoft provides excellent benefits to its employees. There are 100s of different projects at any give time and you can always find something that best suits your talents and interests.
Work life balance Good pay Stable company
Good company to have on your resume. There are so many different products and teams that there's something for everyone.
Great benefit, visionary CEO, strong senior leaderships and Azure revenue is growing fast, good work life balance
They had a great selection of food and is a great workspace
I had flexible work hours, good benefits, and good pay. Work load wasn't too heavy unless a big project needed to get out the door on time.
Lots of perks working for a big company like Microsoft, free Azure, MSDN access, discount on Microsoft hardware and software.
Money Room for Advancement Creative tasks
Great place to learn and build your career with a competitive salary and benefits
Inclusive and diverse culture, great benefits
Decent amount of flexibility and plenty of time off and benefits
Flexible, innovative, improving and fast moving
Smart people, great benefits, and good challenges at work.
Good people, good leadership, and great focus on customer, technology, and community. I enjoy being part of the leading edge and solving complex issues.
Excellent benefits & opportunities to network, plenty of supportive teams who value diverse backgrounds and experiences to work for, challenging technical problems — a real good place to get your start.
Interesting customers, you learn about new technology and trends
Coding was lot of fun.
Culture of engineering excellence, constantly trying to focus on changing the world - matching donations for example
-work with talented people/engineers - lots of different projects to choose - growing with strong revenue
- Excellent heath care benefits - Best 401K matching in the industry - Global reach, impact
Good benefits like fitness, 401k match, relocation Opportunity to switch teams with lots of options
Benefits is good. Work life balance is not bad according to team and projects your are working on. Nice food and beverage.
challenging work, exciting technologies, many businesses
Great benefits. 401k, pro club,health
Good benefits, smart people, flexible
Great place to work and grow
Being able to work on amazing products. Windows, Xbox, Office, Mixed Reality, Visual Studio, Server, Azure, AI, Cortana...
Good place to work for most
Great benefits, huge corporation, learn how to do things, able to learn lots of tech
Great benefits Good WLB Good work hiring more women
Great place to work in the eastside
Fantastic fringe benefits, high degree of freedom
They pay well and their benefits are reasonably good.
Breadth of technologies, opportunities, smart people.
Good work life balance. While some share the space some has personal office spaces (however the trend is open space)
Good pay and benefits for employees
Learning, good salary, good management team
Microsoft really has changed its vision in the past couple of years to reverse course to focus on empowering all people and organizations with its technology. The benefits are fantastic and there psd tons of flexibility to work from home or wherever you are most comfortable/productive. There are a lot of smart people and the company is on the forefront of tons of cool technology. As a full time employee you can access a lot of information and learn tons about what other groups are building
good place to work in
it has great work and culture
Teaches you problem solving skills, allows you to expand your thinking outside of the box.
Lot of opportunities to move around. Challenging work
Great 401k match, great discount stock program and good overall TC. Would recommend to a friend as the engineering challenges keep you relevant to the industry.
Work with smart people that come from different backgrounds. Flexibility to switch teams and even roles internally.
Great and stuff like that
I love this company. Great benefits, challenging environment, diverse, fun, innovative
Great work/life balance is possible. Excellent corporate values. Large company affords many different job opportunities. Competitive compensation and benefits.
The smartest persons to work with
Stable company, lot of job opportunities
Work life balance is good.
Has awesome benefits and the salary is great, plus the environment of the office is very friendly.
Paid benefits, learn a lot and Microsoft is just a great company especially with giving back to the community
competitive salary and benefits and bonuses
Supportive culture, great work-life balance
The salary & benefits, being able to say you worked on products that went to hundreds of millions of users
New vision from CEO is compelling and working.
Good work life balance Good medical benefits
-large impact -care about the well-being of employees -great hours
They pay a high amount
Great pay and benefits. Many motivated, smart, and caring coworkers.
Good benefits pay stock product
Good, not amazing everything, including: pay, benefits, location, scope of work. Some possibilities for amazing work.  Any job at Microsoft is better than 99% of any other job in the world.
CEO (Satya Nadella) reinforces culture, has a good message, leading culture change. His plan for the company overall is sound and he is a visionary.
Benefits , moving up in the company
- Great work-life balance - Microsoft provides immigration lawyers, and covers the costs towards a green card if you are an immigrant - Amazing benefits all around - A variety of opportunities across the company
Fast paced, lots of promotion opportunities, great environment.
Benefits aren’t as good as they used to be, but better than my previous jobs.
above average pay in Seattle
Stock price keeps going up and benefits are relatively good.
A lot of change - more openness towards new tech
work, compensation, benefits, company, culture
Breadth of products, challenging technical problems and benefits
Good benefits, great people, and fun enviroment
great benefits, know some people with great w/l balance
Great pay! Amazing benefits! Microsoft on your resume.
Lots of focus on customer innovation!
Benefits, long-term commitment to employees, work-life balance, internal career development
Benefits for your family are great , great pay , promote healthy lifestyle it’s up to you to follow along and join Washington healthy lifestyle look of fit and trim . Everyone looks great here you can see alcohol and drug free living and healthy gym outdoor active lifestyle is promoted with free gym memberships fitness equipment work life balance pay for promotion excel with college degrees and continued ed Justice for woman and promote global knowledge for the world and how to make the world a better place for all vacation good 401 k d
Good company to work for.
Good benefits, work life balance and tons of interesting teams to work for.
Great company, good mission, great people.
Great Benefits, Great Pay, and Friendly staff.
One of the best company to work for. Satya is great.
A good place to work at!
Good for your resume if you're fresh out of school
Competitive pay, great benefits, talented coworkers, in a professional and diverse environment.  They give you all the tools you need to do your job. Technical as well as non-technical.
Working for a global company with such an inspiring mission is exciting and can lead to endless ways to learn and grow
Incredibly smart, driven coworkers well aligned with strategy.
- great benifits, , good work, good people
Work life balance and benefits
Great benefits for part time. Fun work environment Great staff Free food and drinks
Good teammate and interesting work place for professionals Inspires for everyone
World class azure cloud and mobile solutions
Great benefits Great people Lot of flexibility lot of potential to move around
Best benefits Tons of training materials available Patient until you show performance
- Great work/life balance - Everything you ship impacts millions of users - There are a lot of different teams, and there's bound to be one that's a good fit
-Working with intelligent people -Benefits -Salary -Seattle/Redmond are great cities to live in
You get to work on some cool leading edge products Depending on the team you can have a lot of influence on product direction. Great salary Great benefits Lots of opportunity to move around and work on different things.
Great work life balance. Chill atmosphere
Great company with a good work life balance
Microsoft cares about its employees.
Good pay and great benefits.
Good for new hires, you can learn a lot. Since it's a big company, you can try many things within it to find you passion. Good benefits.
great company, good benefits , have a lot to learned that they give you opportunities
They listen and truly care about their employees. They provide us opportunities for improvement in the company.
Lotta money, health insurance is nice, I get to work with my best friends all day.
The company has changed completely under Satya. It strives to do the best that it can with people and products.
Great benefits. Working on products that help and affect many people.
Incredible benefits and amazing pay
Flexible hours, great benefits, work isn't toooo hard
Many things to learn and grow
Great opportunities to explore different businesses. There are not many composites that give you so much exposure.
Great compensation and work hours
Great location - huge company with many teams working on different products and services
Lots of opportunities to move around internally
Very talented people, many opportunities
Dynamic, flxible, great culture. Diversity celebrated.
Compensation is high for Seattle Puget Sound area
A company where you feel like the work you are doing affects the lives of millions of people
I love Microsoft and biggest salary
The benefits are great here but I would argue on par with other companies this size. I believe in Microsoft's mission and Satya is greatness!
Interesting work in some groups.
Great people, culture and benefits
Nice environment for an engineer to work and learn latest technologies
Work on cutting edge technologies, good work-life balance
Nice cafeteria and little else
Work life balance is good
Exciting place to work. You can work on almost anything if you put your mind to it. The company has a good culture now after overcoming some of the overly aggressive "dude culture" from earlier years.
Good learning opportunity, great environment and culture
Exciting work involving challenges across business, experience and technology.
Great company with a lot of great people, and the luxury to invest in visions.
Lot of freedom and opportunity to impact
Global influence, superior technology, good growth when compared to size and stability
Professional, profitable, stable, good people, good policies
Great perks! Great benefits! Good work life balance and nice people.
Beautiful campus, smart employees, great learning experiences, some interesting challenges, highly recommended.
Work life balance, Stock price
Great benefits, and compensation was in top 1% for seattle.
Benefits, transparency and the people are amazing!
Great work environmentwith opportunities to learn and grow. Excellent benefits and inter teams communication.
Smart people, good facilities and food.
Employee focused Work life balance Good culture Innovative Encouraging
Fast paced, have a great long g term career here
Great work life balance, stability
Lots of varying opportunities. Relatively easy work since there are often multiple people doing the same job.
Smart people, interesting products, growth
Great benefits, decent pay, good vacation time
great salary, career progression.I love Microsoft
Brand recognition, relocating to better city
Great work environment Career growth Health/dental/vision benefits College reimbursement
Microsoft is a pure meritocracy. Results drive success. If you are result-driven, you will fit in and do well.
Plenty of new things to work on. Flexibility in teams if you want to try something new.
Great work-life balance, Great direct managers. Mostly interesting work.
Decent work/life balance, pay and benefits.
Love the Innovation, loved the clients, love the community giving, Generally a great company to work for
Some very smart people. People are friendly, and generally want to help. Lots to learn at first, but does saturate.
Good people I guess.
Amazing Company 10/10 would recommend
I am very on task with my work and hand in my work early, I also perform my info in a very detailed and in-depth manner
* Very smart people * Excellent work/life balance * Excellent benefits * Easy to move across the company * Great campus life
Many different teams and groups to work in. The benefits are great except maybe compared to some of the other big tech companies. The cloud business is going very well.
Company culture and strong mission
Working with highly talented engineers and give you plenty room to learn from them.
Microsoft is so big and you can move around until you find the right team for you. Your experience at that point really just depends on the team you are in.
* Very smart people * Excellent work/life balance * Excellent benefits *Best on-campus dining/lunch * Easy to move across the company * Great campus life
- Smart coworkers - Competitive compensation - Good locations - Interesting projects - Good work/life balance
Opportunity to work on an array of products both on premise and cloud. The technology stack use for development varies according to team. I have personally worked on networking optimization for Sql Server on Linux with a lot of low level C/C++ codebase, telemetry in Postgres and MySql cloud services using C# and multi-az support for Azure Databases (C#). There are very few places where you find this kind of breadth. There are engineering teams working on cloud-scale deployments, database query optimization, security to name a few.
Fantastic reach into consumers and enterprises alike Great R&D and a history of successful transformation Amazing opportunities to learn
Good work and life balance
- Tons of different products that the company is working on and it's easy to switch to one that you're interest aligns with - Really smart people who (mostly) want to do the right thing
The benefits are amazing. You get to network with a lot of people and the company really cares about your health.
I get to work with top-notch talent, work on products that impact millions of people, and work with the latest development methods and technologies.
Really good work life balance. Good pay.
Great, amazing, perfect, wonderful, love it
The products and teams are awesom
Lots of different areas to work Lots of room to grow technicaly Work-life balance Inclusive culture Good benefits such as 401k match and family coverage for insurance
Smart people, great potential, lots of big challenges to solve, good teams. Good benefits and lots of support.
Plenty of resources, latitude to create and be an entrepreneur within a framework. Many technology and channel assets to leverage. Values diversity.
Work with a lot of smart people
Smart people, good compensation, opportunity to advance in career. Microsoft is good on one's resume. I have recommended it as a place to work to many of my friends.
Culture, benefits, latest technology, diverse opportunities
Grt med benefits and bonus, stocks
Good pay, challenging tech problems, decent benefits
- good work life balance - nice campus - smart people - great benefits - a lot of possibilities to move around the world
Stable company with some awesome technology. Multiple different career opportunities.
good culture and work life balance
Compensation. Benefits.
Lots of flexibility in work hours, good collaboration with other employees. Food is not included because you're supposed to have a life outside of work.
Work life balance is great! Microsoft definitely allows you to have your family as a first priority.
Coworkers Opportunity (sometimes) Flexible with hours Personal Potentially challenging
Great benefits, many internal teams so you can learn many different technologies, growth mindset culture so many people are open to mentoring
Good benefits and the pay was pretty good.
Good learning opportunity, smart people
I've been at Microsoft for a month now, and I've seen none of the horror stories being communicated to the public, although Microsoft is a large enough company that I'm sure there are good pockets and bad pockets. Everyone here is really smart, and wants to succeed both personally, and as a company. People collaborate and help each other, focus on data, and truly focus on the customer. Every company I've ever worked for talks about how important the customer is, but on day 2, they're forgotten. Microsoft seems to genuinely focus on what's best for the customer, and it's awesome to be in meetings where people actually bring that up, and make decisions focused on long-term customer satisfaction. The opportunities to learn here are literally unlimited, and the opportunity to take on new responsibility is as well. I honestly believe you can be as awesome as you want here.
Good benefit and work life balance.
* Smart people * Good work/life balance, * Products used by millions * Mature, financially stable co. / decent pay / stock has been doing very well * Satya Nadella * Many different products to work on / lateral movement
Exciting products and cool people
I left the company so I had other options
Many benefits for interns and employees
Great vision, good benefits, great culture
Great Benefits You have an ability to grow within your area.
I'm doing this just to unlock the other stuff here
Good people, and if you are willing and able to change roles constantly there is lots of opportunity.
many opportunities inside to grow
Great benefits, ok compensation if you jump through the right hoops.
Good pay, benefits, career opportunities - and the culture change that Satya is driving from the top is great as well.
Great people to work with
Good working environment. Work life balance.
One of the best retail jobs you could ever have. Great benefits, amazing culture, and depending on what you want to do in terms of your career, there's a ton of opportunity to grow
Compensation/Benefits, being surrounded by highly motivated, intelligent, diverse and capable people, large-enterprise corporate infrastructure to support a broad and diverse set of employees, fast pace, challenging and rewarding work.
Free acces to compoters, ample work hours, free grape soda.
Stable, work life balance, good benefit
Great leadership re-inventing the largest software company in the world and empowering the field sales teams with tools that help win deals.
Microsoft provides excellent opportunities for professionals who value the ability to work independently and take on challenging work.
Lots of opportunity to manage your own career and explore areas of professional interest.
The company really takes care of you and gives you the opportunity to work with some talented engineers
Great benefits and good work life balance.
Diversity and inclusion taken very seriously
smart people, great benefits, room to grow
Great team with strong focus on changing the world
Lot of interesting project and very smart people.
Company cares about employees. Good benefits. Work life balance. Lots opportunities to learn.
1) You can find a group to work on for pretty much anything you like, from AI to ML to cloud services. 2) The company as a whole has had several lessons in humility the past several years and has a very positive growth mindset
Super fun with great people and many opportunity’s, they allowed me to take my love for my work to the next level
Lots of good people to work with
Lots of opportunity to work on cool projects and technology with talented creative people!
Great working environment, flexible and cutting edge on all fronts. Benefits are fantastic along with their comp plan. Newly renovated office.
Microsoft is finally being recognized for great work. Number 1 or 2 in most technologies. Cares about employees. Stock grants. Healthcare is fine.
Relaxing atmosphere. Have more time to think about and do it well.
smart people, scale, ambitious projects
Great place to work at.
Great working environment Focus on people Growth Mindset
Benefits are insanely good and top tier.
Large network of highly skilled employees and great opportunities to try new roles. Easy to meet new people in the company.
Benefits (vacations, medical, 401k match) are pretty good. Work-life balance (that is if you don't care much about promotions) can be good too.
Very good Benefits, good life and work balance. You will have the opportunity to work with cutting edge technologies
Microsoft is an amazing place to work! Great people, great innovations, great Corp atmosphere for such a large organization. They support a progressive career path and have many tools, methods, course and resources available to the employee to advance whatever skill sets one wants to learn.
Benefits are great- 401k match, FSA, HSA,
great company to work for
Interesting tech at huge scale
Benefits are good. Health care took a hit a few years back and is now a high-deductible plan. 401K matching is great.
Sophisticated set-up for web experiments (at Bing). Repeated experimentation evolves a system highly optimized for its user base.  It might take significant effort to find an appropriate contact in another part of the company, but once that contact is made, it can cut lots of future bureaucratic red tape.  The unification of dev and test worked well.
microsoft is known for its extensive benefits with good reason
Benefits of working for a major corporation is fantastic. There are various industry discounts and the campus is great.
Work life balance and good cluture
Has great benefits. Comparatively great.
benefits are good in the company
Relaxed environment, happy, cherry colleagues, very decent pay
Great compensation, you work with super smart people, good health insurance. If in the right team amazing opportunities for having impact
Microsoft is a leader in business intelligence
Great products, huge impact, excellent comp and benefits
Innovative, Growth Mindset, People driven
Good work environment, Life balance
Good scope of learning for beginners
Leader in enterprise and cloud
Good working environment. so many talent colleagues
Good work life balance Pay Growth and opportunities
healthcare benefits, location, interesting work
Really great place to work. secure if you are seeking job security.
Competitive pay and benefits, great work life balance
Innovative company. Good work life balance.
Great benefits and fair salary
Big name on your resume and an opportunity to learn just how biased these tech companies really are.
Satya Nadella has really changed the company for the better since taking over as CEO. The vast majority of employees now feel proud to work for Microsoft compared to the Ballmer era. Microsoft has great benefits (PTO, 401k match, new caregiver benefit, reimbursement for up to $800 in physical fitness, etc.) and flexible work arrangements. Work can be very rewarding and you have the ability to make a real impact on the world. The yearly MSReady conference in Las Vegas for field roles is quite fun with lots of opportunities to learn and a great way to recharge. Many friendly, intelligent, and hard-working people work at Microsoft. You'll learn a great deal.
It's all about delighting the customer - every division, group, and job discipline. And they are able to deliver for the customer while offering the employees top salaries and excellent work/life balance. Excellent benefits, roaring stock performance, top-notch compensation.
Microsoft has a very generous financial support system for you to go to graduate school.
Great teamwork and communication from everyone. Intelligent coworkers.
Great benefits, flexible hours for students, fun colleges, often hosts tech events.
Great culture of growth and learning. Respectful environment and exciting vision for growth in the company.
good company to work with
Fun, Challenging, Impactful, Rewarding, Balanced
Pro: Fine place to work.
Established culture, smart people, great work and life balance
Solid work life balance and stable company
Opportunities to work on exciting things
work life balance, not push
Great Company cares about its employees and customers
good benefit in the work
Access to new technology, support staff, and working with some of the best
Challenge - Opportunity - If you're willing to work hard you can do well.
The mission of the company is matched by few others in its class and having the opportunity to contribute to that is exciting. The culture is also starting to change which is refreshing, but we're definitely mid-journey and there are still a lot of leaders in place that need to change.
Challenging work. Constant learning. Endless Oportunity
The best place I've ever worked.
all the things that were there
*Innovative CEO and changing culture towards growth mindset *Competitive pay and job security *Smart people make a big difference *Tech is cutting edge and pushing envelop of what computing is
Corporate benefits for basic retail employees good work life balance for retail competitive pay for retail
Loved everything about it and wish I could have stayed
good benefits and pay, flexible work schedule
Great opportunities, employees are able to move around and apply for jobs that are available internally.
Excellent Benefits and Culture are industry leading
Great opportunities Amazing coworkers You have impact on billions of customers
Breadth of technologies to work on, benefits, work life balance, software engineering focus
Great opportunities Amazing coworkers You have impact on billions of customers
The people are absolutely amazing! Lots smart and emphatic employee that love EDU and share their personal experiences daily. Benefits.
do not see any pros
High Performance Culture where results matter more than 'politics' that drive some other companies. The people are inspiring, hard working geniuses and great friends for life.
401k match. Good health plans and salary.
good leadership but expect to work the hours
Great work-life balance working with some of the sharpest minds of the industry
Pay is good. Most benefits are good. Fellow employees are supportive (mostly), especially those on immediate teams. The company's intentions are good regarding culture, even if poorly executed.
Benefits are amazing. The people you click with are helpful and smart. Work / Life balance
Large company with many software products and services for a software developer to grow their career. Easy to move between teams. Great work/life balance.
Lot of products and big company
Now you can browse privately, and other people who use this device won’t see your activity. However, downloads and bookmarks will be saved.
Great pay/benefits, casual environment, fantastic on-campus food.
the work is challenging and there is always an opportunity to expand beyond your current job to other areas of interest.
Good work environment and work life balance
Good Work life balance and ROI
Smart people. Very nice environment!
Scale of what you can achieve
Plenty of opportunities and overtime.
Flexible work schedule and the benefits are good. The values that Satya is sharing are amazing! Seriously amazing. It's taking too long to reach the field.
Company is on an upward trend by upgrading outdated internal infrastructure and practices and investing more in new products and services instead of just Windows.
Excellent opportunities, freedom for work
good culture been driven by the CEO
Awesome sale culture with a lot of benefits
You learn a lot. Great benefits.
Lots of good drinks for free
meet new people from different backgrounds
great benefits (health care, etc)
This is the best place I have ever work. People are smart, driven and for the most past - not jerks for the sake of being an a jerk with power.
1st tier tech company, good benefits, a lot of growth, good work/life balance
Advanced techniques, talented colleague, good benefits, good work/life balance
flexible hours feels Okay to me
Great perks, HSA, talented engineers and great products
Some really smart people, and depending on which product group you are in, you might have an ability to have tremendous impact. The benefits are decent and the stock has done well in the past few years.
Lots of opportunities to learn about new technologies. Lot of freedom to choose projects and roles that one wants to take Peers all have open door policy, Always very supportive and ready to share their knowledge about the domain. Great work like balance !
great company, wonderful people, good work life balance
microsoft will make your life easy.
Good leadership from the sales organization. Great benefits and the time off package give you flexibility to have a great work/life balance
It's an amazing company to work for and put on your resume, and well as makes you feel so proud to be there and part of a huge picture.
I spent the last 14 years of my life at Microsoft. In the last few years, the excitement was brought back by the new management. The new direction is clearer, more in line with the industry needs. There are frustrations there like anywhere else, but I always got the feeling that if you put some effort into it, you could have a great career. And the different teams offer different cultures, so you can move around inside the company and really keep the excitement going. The people you work with are brilliant for the most part, and that is definitely something I'll miss. Other companies have brilliant people too, I'm just saying that most people at Microsoft I interacted with were really smart and it was great. Most projects I worked on in Windows were really exciting, and touched the lives of millions of users. That's not something you get in all companies for sure. Work-life balance is really good. I would say you can control it: more hours will get you a better career, and that makes sense. Fewer hours means less progression, but as long as you're doing a good job and meeting your goals, you'll be fine. The use of telemetry and user feedback is getting really common and really helps deliver products that satisfy our customers.
This is a great company
- good benefits for employees - work life balance
Great place to work. Great Benefits and Salary
Little/no stress, work/life balance, decent pay, reasonable learning opportunities.
Big problems to solve, Resources to learn
Flexibility, compensation, benefits, Charity and the ability to learn and grow
Amazing Benefits, Encourage Learning, Great People To Work With
Great benefits, impactful work, good culture.
CEO, Culture change in progress, Impact
Pay is average, lots of retreads from other companies and new college hires
Good pay, great benefits, great story and vision under Satya.
flexibility, benefits, salary, vacation time, reputation
Great project Friendly and supportive team members Flexible working schedule. You can choose working hard or a better work-life balance Good medical/dental insurance
Great, smart, passionate people. Salary and benefits are excellent
there is a decent balance for work and life. some opps to grow, but not out of discipline
Flexible hours, innovative work, optional work-life balance
Great people is number one reason to work at Microsoft, regardless of what role or position, you will be surrounded by the most talented, passionate and driven people. You will have the opportunity to have impact at every level and be part of a very flat organization where you are truly a peer to everyone on various teams you'll work with. Great benefits and competitive compensation package is part of the attraction. You will learn from your mistakes and as long as they are the same mistake repeated, you will thrive which is unusual in it's own right.
New direction and very positive growth
Great misssion for businesses and enterprises
Amazing culture, great benefits, Career Development Opportunities
Amazing culture, people, intern benefits such as housing, pay
Benefits, colleagues, management, location, compensation
No better learning environment. Microsoft has nearly unlimited resources to help you grow into whatever role you want
work life balance, large real data to analyze
There are still some smart people working Great benefits but it's getting reduced every year Exposure to various MS products
Good benefits and working culture.
Solid HR Function and Leadership Great Talent across the board Nice culture set by CEO
Benefits are fantastic, company really cares about I put, awesome work experience. Semi- competitive pay. Definitely an awesome retail job
work life balance great health benefits
Microsoft is extremely creative, forward-thinking, and ambitious. I have heard this wasn't always the case here (10+ years ago), so it is a great time to be here and our CEO and leadership has us pointed in the right direction. The culture is also extremely positive and encourages engagement with the community, work life balance, and the company is doing a lot to strive towards improvement with in gender equity and diversity.
Good compensation and benefits. Company making progress shedding legacy behaviors and culture.
Smart people, opportunities to move around, and great benefits
Great work/life balance. Leading edge company.
Great campus, lots of days off, good vacation, good health plan, great 401k plan (unlimited matching), good career path for designers.
Benefits, Culture, People, Reputation, Knowledge
- Great place to work - Good career opportunities
Culture of collaboration. Every person can have an impact. Truly becoming data-driven. Working hard to support and retain women and minorities and to hire a diverse workforce.
Best company to work for if you have a good team.
Very stable, great benefits, huge variety of products to work on
Work life balance Work culture Respect for co workers Companies values
Good innovative and diverse products, great life/work balance. Very stable company. Managers do not push to produce big results, flexibility to learn.
Cleaning & bartender are more I just really need a job
Compensation Benefits Proud Innovative Cloud leader
great health benefits and 401k
Respectful, intelligent and dedicated employees. As an Executive Assistant, I worked remotely supporting an Executive who traveled non-stop and was paid overtime - earning 33% more annually than my base salary. Excellent benefits and 401k matching including $800 year reimbursement for anything fitness or wellness related.
You can engineer anything here, from Xbox games to Surface hardware to Office productivity apps to Windows OS to Azure services, and it's easy to move between these teams. The great work/life balance is made possible by well-honed processes and plenty of support that makes it easy to plan time away and get home in time for dinner with the family. Since Satya took over as CEO, the culture has had a major shift towards a growth mindset, so everyone's always learning and challenging themselves, and the corporate results reflect that growth.
Good health care benefits and options
some very talented, smart and committed people competitive salary good work/life balance great benefits Pro Club
Work life balance is good. Benefit is good.
Work life balance is good. Benefit is good.
Keep up the good work.
Working for Microsoft is a fantastic career opportunity. It will truly open doors for a future career. Focused on diversity and inclusion. They are invested in your development of technical acumen. You are at the forefront of cloud driven technological innovations.
It's Microsoft, so there's that.
Free food and snacks as well as location
Benefits are second only to amazon and google. Other companies in other industries do not come close with benefits. Excellent vision , mindset and leadership from the CEO Satya Nadella.
Great freedom to add individual direction and improvements
Wonderful work and team dynamics. Very smart people making the work interesting, challenging and fun.
Good benefits, especially in healthcare
work life balance is ok
Loads of technical resources to learn new skills or enhance existing ones. Lots of opportunities in solving and improving systems or applications.
Microsoft has great benefits and the work-life balance is wonderful. You can make your job as easy as you like it or as hard as you would like. There are a lot of opportunities to get involved in different events within the organization and there are numerous ways to give back to the community while working at Microsoft.
Love the work culture at Microsoft
It's a big company with so many different subgroups so if one group isn't a good fit you can find another that is. There are also a lot of employee activities and social interest groups, like a big college campus.
Fun impactful work with work life flexibility
Lots of great benefits and changes to learn.
All of i, great campus, colleagues and working conditions.
Indepennent work environment. Room to learn and grow
great environment, very talent engineers, great opportunities to learn different technology and domain knowledge
Smart, collaborative teams, ability to work remotely with the latest collaboration tools
Very proud to work for a company that prioritizes as it does...growth mindset, autism awareness, the list goes on.
A lot of chance to develop Good work and life balance Generous stock rewards for new graduates Excellent benefits
Inspiring global reach - where else can you impact BILLIONS with a mission to "empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more". Satya Nadella's "Hit Refresh" culture is spot on. We are not the old Microsoft ... but not yet all we want to be. Benefits are INCREDIBLE. Pay is targeted in the top 2/3rds. Endless opportunities to grow and be challenged.
Benefits are phenomenal. Fun work environment. Understands that life happens.
satya dream is spot on -- but no one is accountable to execute
- Growth Mindset - Great Executive team with many diverse and inspiring people who clearly want to make Microsoft a great place to work and are moving in the right direction. - Many great teams to work on and for, but also not so great ones and the difference across the company can be striking, but I have noticed in recent years that the "bad" teams (usually because of their management) are starting to disappear.
Great people and amazing benefits. It's clearly a place where you can have an amazing career if you want to.
Best Health Insurance on the market
Great pay and benefits, scale of customers is awesome, culture on how we work with outside companies vastly improved
Tons of opportunities. Lots of variety and the chance to find and build the career that is right for you.
Benefits were great, environment was nice
Stability of company. Opportunity to try things you wouldn’t elsewhere. Many different projects to switch between without needing to leave the company.
Industry leading technology, learning, Cloud innovation, strong customer base
great place if you values work life balance
Great technology, people are very helpful and friendly, extremely positive and upbeat environment
brand, salary, work life balance
Good insurance coverage. Relatively good work-life balance (depend on team)
Tons of different roles, finance plays a key role in strategy. Very inclusive. Lots of tools set up to help your career.
In my current org i I have good opportunities for growth
The people, salary, benefits, the work itself.
Pretty friendly people. Interesting projects with a lot of skills (with the exception of some) transferable to elsewhere as an engineer. 401k matching is great, PTO policy is great, and also compensation is quite good.
Work Life Balance Opportunity to work on and contribute to impactful projects Tons of smart people Interesting and challenging work Benefits
Good work life balance and good campus
Great teams, good people, inclusive and diverse. Good benefits.
Lots of different opportunities. Some good perks, depending on your position.
Seattle is a nice place to live.
Talented people, you always learn something new, great benefits
Great environment, very supportive leadership, awesome locations. lots of passion regarding technology. the most fun place to work
Work environment was amazing and challenging
Benefits are second to none. Donation matching. Paid caregiving leave.
Good benefits and compensation. Culture is changing.
1) Great people who often go above and beyond 2) Benefits are amazing and comprehensive 3) Many different job opportunities within one company 4) Travel potential 5) Some really cool products
Smart people, perks, far reaching products.
Awesome Benefits, great gym, buses to the campus
Amazing benefits. A company that values volunteering and giving back.
Great benefits and pay. Work with very smart people. Always learning.
Nice people around. Good work life balance.
1. Great company.  2. Flexibility to work from anywhere and anytime in this role. 3. Good vision of leadership. 4. Good pay and benefits.
Work life balance is ok in most team except running online services.
Benefits. CEO ,opportunities and culture.
nice place to be a lib
I really enjoy the flexibility to work from home and decide how i am going to achieve all the goals i set
Benefits are ok, but not excellent. Job is generally stable, with only occasional layoffs. Some teams have a lot of travel and time spent in China.
Good Benefits Good work life balance
Great products, benefits and pay are good
Innovation, Global company, Global Name, Great and smart team members
Great to be part of a company that's changing the world. Good pay and benefits. Outlook is strong with growth in cloud.
Culture, benefits, location, CEO, flexibility, ability to move laterally
This review is for the Office 365/Outlook team. * Great people and management * Family friendly (great work-life balance) * Great benefits * Great facilities (medical facilities, sports fields, I hear they even have a treehouse now) * Free drinks cooler
Pay is good as are the benefits.
Intellectually stimulating, really smart people.
Work- Life balance Best in class benefits Opportunity for growth Great vision for the future Progressive leadership Strong financial performance Invests in its people. Ability to change trajectory. Autonomy
Smart people, great work life balance, company matches charity donations.
Interesting and challenging work with impact. Opportunities for lateral moves and advancement. Smart, motivated co-workers. Stable, respect for work/life balance and flexibility to work at home. Positive, optimistic atmosphere without a lot of office politics. High compensation potential.
Every possible role you can think of ins software industry, Microsoft has it. Easy to switch roles to try different career options Grow as IC or as Manager with similar compensation
The changing culture is great.
- Good benefits - Lots of projects to choose
Challenging work. Nice teamwork and everybody in invested in each others success. Work life balance is good.
Benefits are fantastic, pay is very competitive considering you don't need full formal education for this position
Benefits are decent. Compensation is fair.
Exciting time to be at the co., creating new products in a learning env. / growth mindset - open communication to learn from each other and from mistakes
top-of-the line benefits, wonderful people to work with, challenges that are conducive to growth and development
Decent benefits, great bonus opportunities annually, access to incredible resources and tools.
Loved the company, employees, products, pay, benefits, flexible, was really awesome.
Microsoft is great place to work at.
Good benefits, free food, espresso machines
Friendly Easy Flexible Fun Community
Good perks! Get to see new products and technology.
Large Company and a Mammoth Business to contribute. Immense opportunities to perform various roles (employment is a platform) Some teams are working on cutting edge technologies
great platform to try out different roles/things, great resource and easy to access, culture promoting diverse and inclusive,
Amazing benefits smart people Global experience with challenging problems to solve Great resources and tools “Outside in” series is amazing
people, and wide range of products and tech
Microsoft is a very well-organized place to work. You can definitely learn a lot of things working there.
Great coworkers, salary and benefits.
great benefits for individual and family
Microsoft is a great place to launch or hone a career if you land in a department where the managers are focused on utilizing their people effectively and are genuinely invested in growing their teams in meaningful ways. You will have an opportunity to work with and learn from a ton of very smart people. You will enjoy good benefits.
Outstanding comp, benefits, and stock sharing. Yearly Stock awards that vest over 5 years are a great way to retain top talent. Other tech companies should take note...
Get to work with great, smart, and fun people. Compensation and benefits are best of class.
Good work life balance here
Excellent benefits, great perks, continuous learning and career development.
Flexible hours. Easy to talk to managers. Even if a little slow to get promotions, still faster than other big companies. You pay for food, yet it is really good food.
Being available Service Advisor is overall a great experience, very fast paced and people focused. You're always meeting new people, in a great team and playing with the latest technology. Lots of great benefits
The perks were really good
Stable and Aggressive Cloud Computing Company.
Wide range of products and job opportunities. Ability to work with a lot of smart people and top business partners. Good learning environment. Nice and friendly team.
good work life balance and benefits
Globally recognized brand, stable company, excellent benefits and a rewarding environment. The stocks are soaring.
World class resources Great corporate Environment
Impressive work and great brand allows to contribute to the community.
Benefits, culture, technology, challenges, pay
Great Benefits, and clearly defined roles
There are lots of employee discounts and you get time off (and still get paid).
Benefits, culture, technology, challenges, pay
Benefits, Work-life balance, Opportunities, Growth
Flexibility, challenge and empowerment. Great Benefits and stable company
Outstanding technical talent Lots of room to grow skills and experience teams in different domains Different technical roles available to those with specialized skills
Company culture is changing. People work together across divisions.
Learning tools is provided to be a successful employee
Great benefits, decent reputation. Lot of smart people and great data to work with.
It was very fun to work there
It was very fun to work there
Excellent benefits package and upper management well versed in saying all the right things.
Tons of opportunity to make an impact on products known world wide. If you are well connected with the leadership you will do well.
All information Microsoft Windows Google
Great benefits, good work life balance.
The CEO. Working with smart people. The ongoing drive for diversity and a better culture.
Great benefits, flexible work environment
Pays well. Good work/life balance.
- Incredible salary, stock, & bonus - Fantastic benefits - Tons of growth, lateral or vertical - Great for families
Career growth and opportunities to change roles and companies in a way (different product and service teams can feel completely different) without moving companies or locations Flexibility - on average even if long hours certain weeks or days, you have ownership and can be successful while still prioritizing family and other things important for you to have energy to do your best work and work to live Company is innovating and growing Cares about community and maybe the best global corporate citizen - donation and volunteer matching is only second to the Gates foundation I feel good about selling people to come here. It is hard to go wrong even if it ends up not being for you and you leave (great on resume) Satya is the real deal - makes me proud to work here
Great company to work for!
Great benefits, inclusive culture, lots of orgs to explore
Bill Gates is the best
Amazing company to work at.
Great place to work. Advancement opportunities if you work hard and can position yourself early in a product cycle.
Culture, vision, growth, empowerment, ability to change the world
Amazing working with my schedule for my full time job. One team, one dream Paid Training Learning Modules to keep you update to date Community outreach programs
Great benefits. Flexible hours. Cool work.
I learned more working at Microsoft than I ever could have at any school.
Great salary but nothing else
I was at MSFT for almost 20 years and it's definitely changed these past 5 years and for the better I think. The big focus on AI and Azure/Cloud is now paying off and the company seems less like the dull corporate of old and more in touch with what's in the industry - e.g. widespread use of GitHub, open sourcing, Linux. It's a great place to work and they do care about work/life balance though I gather this probably varies from team to team. Benefits are good too.
- Good benefits, decent salaries, lots of commute options
great place to work love it
Good management, pay, and benefits.
Great pay, great benefits, great support structure, great career opportunities
Opportunities as Cloud is now the focus all across the org
In general they have an ok compensation package. If you have a good manager and working on a successful project then you have smooth sailing.
- Exciting work challenges and really great offices,  -Good salary and package of benefits:  -Great Team.
It is very good place to work
Good compensation, working with latest technologies and processes.
Competitive salary and great benefit package. Flexible work hours or working from home option is great. Office facilities are nice and company shuttles to and from different buildings are very convenient.
Great benefits (not salary though).
You will feel comfortable working here. You will have good balance between work and own life.
Great benefits and balanced work life
Great People, Great benefits, travel was great.
Cutting edge technology and good work environment
* Fantastic Benefits * Competitive Salary * Amazing people - Smartest people I have worked in 17 years of my professional life. * I get paid to learn new technology and get a chance to change the world through my customers.
Working with very smart people, good work life balance, supportive management. You do get opportunities to pursue things you are interested in, even if they are not a part of your core job responsibilities
As a company, Microsoft believes in taking care of it's employees like no other company. It is a family concept based company. Employees are Microsoft best assets
Culture. Advancement. Security. Benefits. Compensation.
People are awesome, lots of responsibilities
The culture of Microsoft is among the best to work for. Their mentality of helping customers is that they don't want them to just come in and buy. They want them to have FUN, be ENGAGED, and have a great experience in order to achieve more. I bet there are not many places you can name that offer personal training sessions, out of box experiences when you buy a device, gaming tournaments, community events and so much more. Uniform honestly looks fresh compared to other companies and the experience with customers is unlike any other retailer.
Lots of learning Ability to move between groups Good pay Great benefits Incredible tech experience even for marketing positions Cross functional team work provided great insight into other groups Learned a lot about analytics and data mining
- Competitive pay package (base, stock, bonus), - Fantastic benefits (best-in-class healthcare, generous vacation/leave, 401K match up to $9K a year, fitness reimbursements and a lot more), - CVP level and above are genuinely smart people, - Company is going in the right direction strategically and the brand name has significantly improved in the past 3 years, - Great work/life balance if you want it, - Quasi impossible to get fired.
Flexibility to work remotely, great compensation, super smart colleagues, very entrepreneurial, good culture, respect of work life balance, ability to move around within the company
Good Place to work. Succeed on your own terms. Good Work Life Balance
Fun, motivating culture for people.
Pretty good salary, easy to coast indefinitely, they take good care of you generally though not as good as the other tech companies
Products you create will be used by many millions. Great stability and growth.
Great rewards, lots of opportunities, smart folks to work with
The startup that was acquired by Microsoft had great people and great potential until Microsoft killed it. Microsoft Pay and benefits are good, but they aren't worth the cost of your soul. Excel and Power BI are the only worthwhile products.
Nice facilities, good non-monetary perks and after-hours events (talks, sports events, volunteering, etc)
Great education and improvement opportunities like tuition reimbursement, paid training time, etc. Strongly encourages growth of all kinds.
money is good i like it
- You get to work with smart people - Compensation is competitive - The campus is beautiful - Seattle is a wonderful city - Strong management for the most part - Strong recruiting practice so people you work with are pretty awesome
Benefits and Work Life Balance
benefits, smart people, best technologies and work environment.
Their Azure Cloud Strategy is leading edge
With most Microsoft products getting online the amount of data you get to work with is enormous. A lot of low hanging fruit (few people looked at the data before you) means you can generate a lot of impact. Great infrastructure for working with large volumes of data means you spend more time analyzing the data and less worrying about processing it efficiently.
great environment, good culture, great opportunities to move ahead and excel. Solid onboarding process for new hires, training is cutting edge.
charitable company. Pockets of good people--individual contributors
very good at communicating knowledge
I worked at Microsoft from July 1996 until March 2016. I was always working on challenging projects with great people. Leaving was bittersweet, but time for a new adventure.
Benefits, benefits, benefits, location, exec management
Great experience. Great organization prepared you for annual reorg.
You get to work with the smartest people in IT. Constant on the job learning makes the role fresh and interesting.
soul taking is painless, they use plenty of coconut oil, which everyone know is healthy.
Great work life balance, respect towards women, a lot of learning.
- Technology leadership and investment in R&D - Enhancement of benefits Y/Y, already a solid package - Continually improvement in culture led by Satya and his directs
I had the best experience of my life!
Love leadership, Great benefits/comp, excellent work/life balance
My supervisors and colleagues were highly professional and excellent to work with.
Working at one of the world's best software company teaches you a lot of valuable experience. Great company, great benefits
Great company, nice environment, and good pay
Great place with amazing working environment
Excellent benefits, 50% match 401k, full health, dental coverage for you and your family, 1000 $ per person per year for your HSA account. 800 year for gym and sport related expenses. Stock purchasing at 10% discount, matching of donations and free beverages
There are many teams and technologies to explore
Tons of flexibility, you can move between multiple 1B plus groups. Top-notch people to work with on hard problems. Cutting edge technology. Generally good work life balance.
you can grow with in the company
Scale, Execution, Reach, Vision and Data Protection
Mostly smart people and opportunities to learn how a behemoth operates.
Good work life balance, company cares about you
Microsoft is a great company to work for. Internal culture has really started to improve significantly since Satya took over from Steve.
Excellent pay, incredibly smart people
Great work, smart people to work with, market rate for pay
Great opportunities to make a difference in the world.
Overall, it comes with decent compensation - that includes base pay and stock options.
You can always find something to learn from the talent people around you.
- great people - excellent benefits and employee services - opportunity to work on cutting edge technologies such as AI and cloud
Good work life balance. High impact to user.
Great environment, If you have a great manager, then its a perfect place to work for.
Decent work/life balance Flexiblity Can choose what I want to work on I master my career
Good benefits, decent perks like fitness plan
Smart, talented people, great strategy, visionary CEO, strong organization
job security, fairly stable for IC level, company-wise opportunity
People here are super good. I love being surrounded by such inspiring people. Also the race and age diversity at Microsoft.
Very good people, both professionally and on a personal level. Very good benefits.
Benefits, cutting edge of technology, as a whole -Microsoft is a company you can be proud to work for. Depending on your location there are some great opportunities to move up and around in the company.
friendly and smart workers, great benefits
Generous benefits, drinks and food in the breakroom
You often hear culture eats strategy for breakfast and Satya has got the company embracing that notion. Our strategies seem to be more intentionally connected (or try to be connected to core values and mission ("empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more"). I see us undergoing a real transformation in what we value that is more in alignment with my own values (charity, empathy, esteem, respect, humility, learning). Hubris is much less welcome here.
Great people and some interesting products to work on. They do a good job with onboarding people and making Microsoft seem like a great place to be, but a poor job at retaining talent and getting you from mid-level to senior.
Some of the great problems to solve. Unprecedented scale of users. Free cold drinks and gym membership. Health benefits are good.
Lots to learn Friendly team Good benifit
Diversity of roles, Smart people and great benefits.
MS is a global company with brand name recognition so it's a positive to ahve worked here, put it in your resume as experience.
Microsoft is one of the best companies to work for. I am glad to be given the opportunity. They have excellent benefits, top notch health plan and everything you need to be satisfied
Great opportunity to experience different aspects of Finance without having to change companies (Audit / BI / FP&A / M&A)  Great leadership team - Amy Hood and her SLT Rocks  International Rotation options if you clear few criteria
The work isn't very hard at all once you get a hang of all the processes. It's an extremely great start to any IT career and depending on the store you apply at, you can get away with very little tech knowledge.
Big products with lot of impact. Fun and hard problems to solve. Good people. Benefits and pat are great. As is work life balance — assuming you find a good team to be part of.
Great benefits, people, forward looking technology
This is a beautiful office. There are interesting problems to work on.
good pay, excellent benifits, good work culture
Work life balance, benefits, amenities
Satya Nadella is an amazing leader and the company is on an upward trajectory.
Awesome infrastructure Individual offices (but that's changing) Benefits Internal mobility
Benefits: tuition reimbursement, PTO, sick time, employee stock program + more
Mircrosoft provides best user Friendly Products
Lots of freedom to pursue passion projects. Very open minded peers and environment. Personal offices.
Great place to learn, impactful projects, good benefits.
Great place to learn, impactful projects, good benefits.
Free sodas and coffee and....that's about it.
Good benefits, although they get nipped back a bit every year. Vacation accrual is fantastic. 90 percent of admin positions are hourly, and can often be as much overtime as you'd like to work. The role is very broad: you can dabble in a lot of disciplines.  The company values have gentled over time to emphasize happier, healthier employees who don't feel worked to death. Real commitment to good corporate citizenship.  As a company, very much likes to promote from within.
Good work life balance. Overall decent compensation and benefits. Great place if you're looking for a stable career.
Benefits, stocks, company store, networking
Great company going in an even better direction. The CLOUD
Great culture. Good work life balance!
- Such a deep and diversified product offering that you always find an interest within the company - Take care of their employees. Great benefits - CEO has vision and wants to instill more empathy
Benefits are amazing, Pay is reasonable for entry level
nice company. great work life balance
Good compensation and benefits package Depending on group you may find somewhat interesting job Management structure is flat and not so many meetings
In general Microsoft has a very well thought out product strategy and positions very strong for future growth and profitability
Passionate colleagues creative workplace Cafeteria is awesome
Great benefits, workplace to work
Lots of responsibility, ability to make a large impact
The benefits are great as well as the access to many learning tools and the flexibility of the group I work in
Great salary, ability to work remote, excellent benefits, and caring coworkers
The benefits are great and the team too.
Work with great, smart people. Flexible hours and access to technology. Good benefits. Lots of growth opportunities.
The break room was always stocked with tea and splenda sugar, not too bad.
The benefits are great as well as the access to many learning tools and the flexibility of the group I work in
Very bright and talented legal team.
Cool technologies to play and work on for computing Create impact on billions of users by making them more productive
You can build a long career moving inside There are lots of good spots
Get to play with the latest gadgets and computers. Good culture, better if you are in the Corporate offices.
They give you a nice computer when you are hired. Benefits and paycheck nice to have every two weeks to keep you motivated.
Co-workers only care about there free time never want to help the customer. Even worse no one truly understands computers here more than my 4 year old daughter. Some of workers are useful at telling me how to solve issues temporarily but never anything innovative or sincere. Leaving as soon as something better comes along.
Excellent place to work. Organized, growing in efficiency, wonderful people, reasonable work/life balance, great compensation.
there are a number of opportunities for all professions at all levels. it is rare to be bored working here.
I love the benefits here. In addition to the standard dental, health, 401K, also little perks like Stay Fit reimbursements (on gym memberships, workout gear, etc), tuition reimbursement, and even adoption fees. Great CEO, he has completely done an overhaul and started to shift the culture and mission in a huge way.
Great work and life balance
Very Good Employer but definitely need to correct few things
Great benefits, smart people everywhere, a lot of autonomy and independence. Possible lateral movement and travel. Stimulation and high amounts of information and learning possibilities.
Systematic and regular product release
Work life balance, well managed, lots of smart folks to work with, excellent benefits, rewarding if in the right team, easy to switch teams internally.
The stock you own likely won't tank, but probably won't go up much either. 401k match is nice.
to build it up
Great flexibility in your work hours. Amply opportunity to take a project and run with it to completion. FTE's get great stock options and benefits.
Energized atmosphere, fantastic benefits and potential growth.
flexible, friendly, great colleagues and good location
Great benefits, good work life balance
Good work environment filled with smart people
Good career growth & decent work life balance.
Change to work on emerging technologies Fantastic Benefits Most employees welcome collaboration CEO has reinvigorated the company
exposure to sales management and business management
Great experience at Microsoft. Would have loved to continue to be at MSFT but was bought out by AOL. Great benefits and amazing leadership and company.
WLB, Career Ops, Free soda!
Good learning and working environment. Good people. Good payment. Growth. You can be the expert for the product. If you want to learn you can access to many resources.
Great team to work for, quarterly bonuses based on store performance, working around cool technology, constantly changing and innovating
Career Opportunities, Compensation and Benefits.
As is to be expected with one of the largest tech companies, Microsoft's perks are great. From a yearly fitness equipment reimbursement program to one of the best 401k matching programs, they are top notch.  Depending on the team, you get to work on some of the hardest problems out there, and have the ability to work in many industries.
Salary was high Time off good Charitable contribution matching is awesome Office space and technology was good There was definite improvement in the vision and vibe under Satya
Amazing work environment Salary & Benefits
Great company that's re-inventing itself, so great energy...super smart people, better benefits than most companies (used to be better years ago), reasonable pay, great local presence and focus on community.
Great team. Flexible hours. Fantastic health insurance/benefits.
It looks good on your resume.
Benefits are generous. Company is heading the right direction
Friendly and talented employees, great for those who are self driven and can find interesting problems in the mundane areas
Easy to get access to peers and coworkers are very helpful. Good benefits. People expect good behavior from everyone.
Smart people, great culture, interesting work
Great place to work with!
Benefits are great Pay is competitive with other tech companies Career advancement opportunities
-Lot's of different things to do and different teams. -Team change is easier. -Cloud/Bing side is growing all the time, there is always new challenge.
Lots of action, work, busy like startup that is evolving
Good work life balance. Clear career paths and lots of opportunities to work on what you love. Good management and challenges.
Good salary, great benefits, some very smart people. Depending on the group, you can be given more or less opportunity to work with new and interesting technologies.
Growth Oriented Company, Good strategy for Digital transformation
This is a very good company to work for. There are many benefits. You will meet many different type of people.
Two great things about Microsoft. 1: You're working with the top tier of smart people. 2: There are so many different things to do, and movement around groups is really easy.
Lots of opportunities in many different organizations.
Great people, interesting work, improving culture. It has changed a lot in my nineteen years.
Good work culture and employee benefits
This is a very good company to work for. There are many benefits. You will meet many different type of people.
Great benefits and pay, especially coming for coming straight out of college. The best things I learned at this job was how to communicate well and to really look out for yourself when it comes to the workplace.
job security, and that can lead to less anxiety
CEO is great, good pay
Good work and life balance if you are in the right team. Stable, the company is working on make it feel like a safe place for you to work, you can work from home if there is no meetings.
excellent company to work for: great company culture, very competitive salaries, amazing products, and fantastically smart and awesome people to work with.
Challenged, growth, taken care, great management, established business, always leading tech.
great work life balance, very "nice" company that takes good care of employees, great benefits, overall co-workers are helpful
Great culture and competitive compensation
Stocks are a amazing way to make a load of extra cash.
Interesting tasks (assuming you are in a good team), good insurance/benefits
Organized teams. Great process. Testing team ensures quality.
Benefits, work is challenging, always working with latest technologies
Positive culture that encourages growth mindset, friendly environment where you can reach out to anyone for help, incredible benefits, great campus and community outreach, volunteering and donation match is hard to beat
Large company, high margin business model.
Great benefits, great place to build career, great employees and people who care.
Good pay, and transportation and ammenities is excellent
Great company and benefits. Satya Nadella is awesome
Good work life balance.
Amazing opportunities and coworkers, and you are flexible to grow the way you want to
good benefits, flex working hours
Microsoft is companies of companies so there is wide variety of career path and products to work on. The work culture is great with trust between management and employees.
great benefits good innovation smart peers
Lots of interesting problems to solve
People are top notch, you will work the brightest and best people who genuinely care are passionate about technology about the work they do.
I would say some of the best qualities of Microsoft would be it's company culture, opportunity, career experiences available to you, and the empowerment they give you to do your job.
Flexible working conditions have been a pleasant surprise. Companies often mention this benefit as a value but don’t always put it into practice. At Microsoft, where, when and how people prefer to work is truly the norm.
Very innovative company and challenging work environment.
Manager and entire team was dedicated towards nurturing employees, very open and helpful. Team was enthusiastic about making impacts and doing the right things.
Great place to learn about technology.. Good Management
Have good work life balance
Constantly using new technologies and always something to learn.
Microsoft has a lot of bright people, fair compensation, and lots of opportunities for growth.
Benefits are great, pay has been good in terms of working in retail.
flexibility ubiquitous tech great philanthropy smart people large impact(global) solid promo trajectory
Smart people, love my team. The culture seems to be improving, but you have to be careful who you work with. I've had positive roles where I had a lot of autonomy and was well-rewarded, and dead-end-ish work that only yields frustration and poor reviews. The best I can say is that most engineering work is really positioning yourself so that you can do well and avoid toxic situations.  The company does seem to recognize that big tech companies grind people down, and it tries to dilute the politics with one-on-one's, annual reviews, sabbaticals, etc., although most feel it is only partially successful. However I'd rate it as better than most. They also emphasize diversity, ethics and good business practices internally.  Some groups and products are doing well and getting better.
well organized technology company with good opportunities to grow
Good old place with lots of benefits
Amazing reputation, work with stellar people, awesome experience, top compensation
Opportunity to have big impact. Opportunity to work with brilliant people. Opportunity to learn and develop new skills.
Best Employee Friendly Company I have ever seen,good perks, good food , good work culture good cocurricular facilities. Company is transforming by adopting cutting edge technologies . Research and innovation wing under new leadership has been able to re energise staff . Exciting things are happening at this department . Great penchant for innovation
Great learning experience for entry-level students, it's a huge company with many resources, and they make an effort in the internship program to help you meet other interns and full time employees. Although there are relatively few designers at Microsoft, the designers I met and worked with were really great, talented people who were willing to share their knowledge and expertise. It was a fun environment and people are approachable.
Super-flexible, relaxed work atmosphere Great benefits
- big company, very stable - great benefits, great work environment - lots of groups / products, so lots of variety of projects, work load, etc. Choose wisely. - in the right group, you will be rewarded for your efforts/performance - reasonably consistent and predictable review process - seattle weather
Great people around you. Gazillion of opportunities for growth (if you are not lazy).
Very professional environment, academic oriented, full transparent collaboration with subsidiary offices.
Great benefits, on the job training, great people, approachable management
Company seems to be bouncing back thanks to the leadership team.
Interesting projects that one could work on.
Great place if you have a good manager and project. Very stable job, good work-life balance, good co-workers and lot of opportunities.
nice suburban campus, great benefits
Global organization with a lot of historical growth & leadership A lot of opportunity to work on different enterprise technologies Historical opportunities to try out different roles although the company is now standardizing to Software Engineers only
Great place to get to work
Great Benefits. Decent Pay. Good work & life balance.
Good work-life balance, stable job
Lots of opportunity to work on products that influence billions of people. Beautiful campus.
pays well, good place for personal development
bill gates is the best!
The people at this company are amazing! You will work with some of the most intelligent people in tech. The majority of individuals are driven and believe in the work they do.
Cutting edge products, great minds and good atmosphere
Culture , people , pay and benefits
Salary, Benefits, trainings, open door policy
The reasons why I choose to work in Microsoft is because of getting more experience in networking and building a career.
Moving in the right direction regarding the cloud, good innovation, improving culture, always a challenging envirorment where you need to learn constantly
smart people, great benefits, ability to have a big impact.
Challenging role. Good pay. Great customers and experience. Good resources to apply in every sales opportunity. Opportunity to help customers with their digital transformation.
Diversified work group. Smart employees.
Flexible hours if you're on the right team, benefits
Opportunity to work with smart, innovative people. Enthusiasm for the company from long term employees is high. People stay for many years and are rewarded for their loyalty.
Private office. That's literally the only reason.
A huge company with possibility to move around, middle of the road pay, loads of opportunity to work on the leading edge
The mission to empower everyone on the planet to do more.
The benefits are good, the trips are fun, and you meet cool people.
Great resources, great work space, great work life balance
401K Matching, Dental & Vision Care, Health Care, Bonuses and ESPP
Collaborative empowering and work life balance
Some very smart people if you know who to talk to
Smart and driven employees, opportunities to be part of businesses that touch millions of people/companies, fairly easy to move around company and get different experiences
Microsoft provides some amazing benefits.
challenging, rewarding with good benefits
Highly Intelligent colleagues, exciting projects.
good teams fun projects lots of cool perks
Amazing benefits, great tools for learning systems, overall company culture
Company was willing to spend money on their people.
Treat me well, interesting work, amazing city and campus
I'm a 20+ year veteran. The company provides great healthcare benefits. Pay is competitive+, $800 stay-fit credits/year. Your experience depends on your manager
Good benefits, large support group,
Good work environment, had fun
Microsoft is an amazing company. Lots of bright people, great compensation, lots of opportunities in different types of products and services.
Benefits, Moral Events, Campus Events, Training and Company events in Vegas or Seattle are fantastic.
Microsoft gives a new Surface device to retail employees upon hire and the option of a paid learning trip to Microsoft headquarters. Excellent benefits for part time employees.
Innovative thinking, opportunity to build something new from the ground up and see the success, great autonomy to do great things and have a tremendous impact.
I am very satisfy about Microsoft work environment.
Great salary and overall benefits
Microsoft has typically always done right by high performing employees, however some of the flaws in the Salary are geographically based and therefore create discrepancies among employee expectation.
Good technology oriented environment Scope to learn latest technology
* Great time to work here, Satya is a terrific CEO, and the culture is co-operative and rewarding. * Great pay and benefits.
Lots of smart people Many of challenging positions Company invests in and nurtures employees
Great salary, benefits, and culture
Great culture. People are very friendly and open. Cool new products coming down the pipeline.
Laid back environment, thirty hour work weeks.
Great benefits Work-life balance Challenging, impactful work Smart, passionate, caring people Competitive Pay Supportive Management Satya is fantastic Admirable company mission Clear progress towards positive change
Best Place to work ever.
Amazing benefits, we are well taken care of.
Growth mindset Amazing work life balance Great benefits Competitive salary On premise perks Beautiful campus Many products and teams to choose from and work for
Full of Talented people. Competitive environment
Great technology, great benefits, good pay, lots of really smart people
Many different ways to provide impact and do the work you love
Awesome place to work. Great people, very smart and always helpful. You can't go wrong working here.
Cool to work at cutting edge technology with a lot of resources to help. Love their huge library - the books get FedExed to you at the office, if they are not available locally.
It’s a purely family orientated environment.
big company lots of opportunities
Pay is good for someone like me without educational background or much experience
Company benefits are amazing! $250 for full time employees for excersing.
Challenging, opportunity, technology, innovation, growth hacking
work life balance, pay , opportunities in various fields
best job in my life
-Prestige -Trainings -Introduction to processes and corporate culture if you haven't had that before -Being in the know as far as MSFT tech is concerned
big company benefits and ok salary
Culture, transparency, respect for diversity, opportunities to grow and learn.
Great Company, Culture, Opportunities for growth
- Good benefits - Good salary
Good work environment for engineers Great benefits Stable company/stock
Great learning environment, electric knowledge surrounding the employees, learned a ton
Good company to work for.
Fantastic benefits and great technology to sell to customers.
Working with one of the best technologists
A lot to learn in your work.
Benefits were good. Hours were ok.
Awesome company to work with. This is a technology organization at its peak doing wonders for mankind, both in areas of charity and business.
Stability, good tech, smart people
Large company provides stability. Benefits were decent. Pay was alright.
leading technology, cutting edge technology
Great company, good people and gold star benefits.
very good place to work
Great benefits, smartest minds in the world.
Ability to run the lab as you see fit to better the company
Great work life balance. Company cares about development. Awesome benefits
Benefits, Work/Life Balance, Work from Home
Amazing culture, fast paced, smart people, solid benefits
work life balance, good benefit
Undoubtedly, one of the best places to work at. - work life balance - benefits - work on products used by millions
Digital transformation is very successful
pay and benefits, turn around after Satya, enterprise products are very strong
The only positive things are the benefits, the co workers, as well as it being slow.
Coworkers were great, pay was good.
Pay is high, charity culture is strong. A lot of intelligent folk.
Will grow fast with advanced technology.
Mission, culture, strategic direction, CEO
Sponsor green card application for H1 holders
great work life balance, interesting project, great resource
Love everyone that works there.
great benefits, lots of smart people, opportunities to move around a lot
Being a part-time remote consultant at Microsoft provides a lot of flexibility.
Tons of opportunities to learn
Worked with a great team and had an awesome supervisor who supported us and trusted us.
Good benefits, flexible hours, respectful environment
Good job, not great pay, had to hustle
Satya is reforming Microsoft starting with Azure.
A lot of smart project and nice project to work on.
Great work life balance, decent pay, challenging evolving products.
good rewards if career driven and good at communicating visibility. Flexible time especially if you can deliver output with quality on schedule. Good middle manager can make the experience good and shields you from political randomization.
Good environment and good people
Great culture, products, & leadership
Great team to work with and great management Flexible to work from Home
Great atmosphere and benefits.
i get to do what i love
Nice to see Microsoft is interested in assuring diversity.
- Great benefits - Exciting atmosphere
Best benefits in the industry
One can really realize your potential there
Great work life balance in the company
good Compensations & Benefits and Work/Life Balance
People are great, work is challenging, but highly dependent on your team.
Lots of different opportunities for growth, interesting problems to work on, smart people to collaborate with.
nice benefits. nice workload. nice people
Great benefits. Like the 401K matching and ESPP.
Can't beat the work life balance with a low stress environment, high brand recognition, product audience means your work can have impact (if you can fight the technical and political challenges to make meaningful progress)
Company Culture Team Great Benefits Life long friends/Mentors
Great people. Inspiring company. Very challenging work that constantly changes. You will never be bored.
great company, nice location, good projects
Great people. Fun culture. Amazing place to learn and grow in your career. Great benefits.
Customer focus, less politics, Investment in Azure
Decent pay with good benefits.
Really Cool world-changing products and technology Exciting dynamic environment Outstanding benefits
Really depends upon your team
Very diverse culture and a strong support for work-life balance
Pay, Perks, most of the people
Good pay, health benefits, transportation benefits
Smart, ambitious, energetic, fast-moving people. Lots of opportunity to work with people across the organization. Opportunities to have many different types of careers and roles within one company. In fact, they encourage you to move around which is fabulous. Great benefits and compensation package and on-campus amenities.
The benefits are good and lots of flexibility to work from anywhere
Your work may impact millions of customers. Opportunities to work on a wide range of software products -- consumer, IT Pro, developer -- and with diverse, intelligent, creative and dedicated people. Great environment for life-long learners, with strong corporate commitment to on-the-job and other types of training.
Great work and life balance at Microsoft.
- The ability to work remote full-time is a major bonus... no commute time.  - Company culture has improved under Satya Nadella's leadership  - For those willing to put in the work there is ample opportunity for growth
great benefits and pay. Work life balance is good
Best is companies culture and empowering its employees and customers.
Good work-life balance Great challenges at work
The knowledge and training is enormous
Company provides good pay and benefit.
Problems in removing the detected traces of Trojan worms and malware files.
Loved it. Flexible, yet challenging.
I enjoyed the people and the work I performed
Great company to work for with great people!
Good pay, tuition reimbursement, good benefits.
Laid back atmosphere, great perks, multitude of job opportunities
Microsoft offers amazing learning and development opportunities. For people who like to operate in a high-powered and fast-paced environment, this is a great employer. For people who are not comfortable with constant change, not so much.
Great benefits, smart people and build resilience in you.
Great work-life balance and benefits
Great people and great benefits
Big company, great technical products
Microsoft was outstanding in every way
I had a good time here.
Problems in removing the detected traces of Trojan worms and malware files.
Good benefits including revenue based incentives, bonus, stock and more. Fairly easy to get meetings with customers to deliver an impact for customers.
Fantastic place. Engineers are bright and passionate.
Work with very smart people, your work likely affects hundreds of millions of people, great benefits and overall facilities.
great benefits, location, very good tech
You get to work with really smart people Benefits are very good. As some noted they used to be outstanding but like all companies they've had to cut HC costs. Still they continue to work on improving benefits where they can, like increasing company matching on 401k contributions and accelerating stock vesting...both relatively recent improvements relatively flexible work options, home, office, customer site, mobile. Note: I was in a field office not Redmond, but I believe it's still flexible at campus
Great Company to work for
The environment is the best to be at
Microsoft is a huge company with a broad set of options for anyone looking for the chance to excel. There is no shortage of opportunity here. You will work with some very smart and driven people.
Plenty of opportunities to learn and advance your career. Challenging environment and advance technologies.
Relevant brand. Solid benefits. Competitive compensation for market. A solid place to build and grow a career. Opportunity to work on cool technology
Really trying to get more nimble. Satya has energized the company with clarity of vision.
Challenging yet not overwhelming work, excellent culture that encourages growth mindset, under new leadership and ample opportunities to grow
The money is really good coming out of an MBA Program. Also Microsoft has a great benefits and the work life balance is really good. Also you can work from home as much as you want.
Benefits, flexibility, good for your resume, lots of internal training and information available
Good pay for a new grad No on call and good work life balance Individual office
Good pay for a new grad No on call and good work life balance Individual office
The benefits are better than anywhere else for a single person. 401k matching is way up there.
high salary good company good coworkers
Fantastic workplace. Great team. Great benefits. Amazing work. Get to meet a lot of people. Exposure to various kinds of technologies.
Good overall work life balance
The salary can be decent, and they encourage lots of community and global giving with pretty generous matching. If you have a good manager and team it can be a pretty nice place to work.
* Great leadership, vision and strategy with Satya Nadella * Great opportunity for professional growth and (personal) development * Great teams and colleagues
Smart people, bold ambitions, global impact, hard work, constant opportunity to learn grow and improve. This company is constantly challenging and reinventing itself. Great sense of social responsibility also.
Great culture, flexible work life balance, good brand
Work life balance, interesting projects, easier commute for east-siders
Great Pay and Benefits. Can work remote.
easy to work, better life
Great work life balance. Benefits etc. are excellent.
Great work life balance culture
Microsoft is a great place to work. They genuinely care about their employees.
* Great leadership, vision and strategy with Satya Nadella * Great opportunity for professional growth and (personal) development * Great teams and colleagues
Good place to work to make it yourself.
wlb ease freedom campus work
It is a relaxed environment
Pay and benefits are great. No one measures results accurately. Great place to be if you can make yourself not care about doing great work, or being around sharp, impressive, people. Awesome place to sit back, collect a check, and atrophy in to retirement.
good benefits. company reputation. location
There is different benefits you can use.
Smart people, good work/life balance.
The best thing is the culture and purpose of doing something greater than oneself. Working with like minded professionals with positive attitude and dedication.
Microsoft is performing in the market. Microsoft can deliver on business value.
Reputation of the company, salary and benefits
There are lots of senior people in the company to learn from. Good benefits overall.
Lots of opportunities to work on really different things
Great Benefits, work-life balance, people. If you are a hardcore coding SE then you will fit in perfectly.
Laid back, not many hours, slow, can move pretty easily if you want what more can I say. Word Word
Benefits are amazing Smart people, very friendly Great network
Coming from public sector, this place is just refreshing. Yes, there are politics, but nowhere near the level of actual government. Good work here, for the most part, is rewarding, and generously.
Great team, work space and ease of parking
Switching teams, work life balance, benefits and respect. Good mangers most of the time and housing nearby is not crazy
+ You're surrounded by a lot of smart people, most of which are eager to work until the job gets done, and enable the success of projects you own. + There's an abundance of opportunity to grow and learn, but leveraging the successes of other groups, team, and orgs within the company. + Benefits perks, and compensation are some of the best available in the market. + Microsoft not only funds continual growth and learning, but encourages it. + Due to the size and variety of work available, anyone with a progressive attitude can make a career out of working at Microsoft.
Work life balance well. Relatively competitive salary
initiate my professional career with Microsoft Technology
Can be fun if you find the right team, not fun if you are on the wrong team. Try to find a team with local decision making where you can own your own destiny.
big company. lot of opportunities within the company
Very good work life balance and decent package.
The company has a huge impact and reach, especially in the workplace. If you're in the right organization you too can have a big impact.
Energetic colleagues Strong vision Strong collaboration and communication
Large scale product and good work life balance
Good benefits and flexible work hours.
Great benefits. Get to learn new technologies. Challenging. Work-life balance.
For consulting, MCS is a good place to be, easy access to information and experts on Microsoft's platform.
Great benefits, ability to interact with different customers as well as approach different issues daily.
great people, collaboration, clear goals and process
Great place to grow and learn as well as network. You can either be a typical 9-6 employee or you can grow and get recognized.
benefits, work life balance, culture
Got put in an experimental team and worked along side researcher, learned a large deal about delivering a new product
great coconut water and pay
great pay and interesting play to work.
People are so nice out there to help you and collaborate. People are passionate about their products and do not work crazy hours.
Great flexibility in spite of hard work and demanding goals. Exciting to be a part of sales/services team.
Ever changing, always get to learn something new
very good work life balance
Comfortable, family-friendly, flexible, long-term position.
Cutting edge Technology Global products and services Smart and good people
pretty competitive, great techonology to work on.
good hourly rate and great work life balance
Can be a really great place to work! Has all the benefits of a very generous employer, salary, benefits, perks, etc...
Its a great workplace for entry
Good business, Treats employees well, Turned around in last few years, Great giving campaign program, Genuinely cares about social causes,
Great people and great atmosphere
Compensation, benefits, resources, transportation, facilities
Work-Life balance is great, lots of benefits, good culture in general.
Great benefits and options, pay is always plentiful
Salary. Benefits. Some positions stable.
Flexible working and productivity tools
Industry leading company, good benefits, competitive salary, intelligent/driven employees
Benefits and salary are relatively competitive
Good place to work - especially if you are working on the current initiatives.
Great benefits, employees are smart and friendly, opportunities to move around the company, numerous resources for completing objectives
Great benefits, empowered to change the world
Learning Good team to work with High impact Work life balance
Great pay and great benefits. Many opportunities to grow and expand.
- great benefits - interesting problems - incredible individuals - competitive salary - food options are good on campus - private bus system - flexible hours - work from home
Benefits, comp, and work-life balance are all top notch.
good work life balance, nice perks, intelligent people around doing interesting work
good work life balance, nice perks, intelligent people around doing interesting work
Great Benefits and Great Work-Life Balance
Lots of resources, friendly atmosphere
Work with the smartest people in the field, on the toughest customers, driving impact on a scale never before in my realm of possibilities. It is extremely challenging, and rewarding work.
great benefits and opportunities for growth
Great experience to learn more about Microsoft tech and inside information about upcoming products and events which you can be apart of which can lead to many different opportunities.
Good benefits and work/life balance
Flexible work style/schedule. Good pay and benefits.
Badge Value & outside reputation
Access to cutting-edge technology Work with Responsible and committed personnel Getting interested in Customers
Good working env over all.
Work life balance and lots of technology.
Work hard and you will be rewarded but don't expect an easy climb into corporate
Great benefits Good work life balance if you choose the right org Easy to move around
Great benefits, and compensation package, flexibility to Work from home, bright and driven co-workers, company culture is shifting to allow for more trial and growth ideas vs. sure thing, feel privileged to be part of broader organizational goals.
Offers an extraordinary opportunity for growth and learning.
Bing Name Working on large accounts
Lot's of roles and products to work on.
I really believed in Microsoft's prospects under Satya's direction. Lots of smart people working on great products and really pushing forward technology and business in real ways.
Work-life balance is one of a kind with all the benefits you are getting.
Great benefits Supports diversity Community/Social Focused Company
Challenging. Always something to learn. Great people to work with. Fast paced but fun atmosphere. Flexibility, ability to work from home
Good working env over all.
Challenge project, good work life balance
Provides a platform to impact many people
stable, free parking, nice cafeteria, conference
Technology focused people working together to deliver for the customer. Great benefits Potential for tremendous responsibility and tremendous achievement Access to employee pricing for software - mind blowing savings
flexible work time in ms
Quality mentoring, Solid development practices, Good 401k, health, etc benefits
Good work-life balance and cool projects
- Great technology company. With Satya at the helm seems poised to do great things. - Benefits are still good, - Loved the flexibility that I had in my various roles to have work/life balance (wasn't always the case but I learned and my management supported it)
Challenging work, great people and culture, inspiring leaders, work/ life balance
Great Benefits, Outstanding Executive Leadership Culture #HitRefresh and Growth Mindset are affectively executed at that level. Dynamic and full of opportunities to grow in knowledge, accountabilities and career.
Good company to work for in Redmond
Benefits, team, great on board training
Work with smart people, variety of Finance roles under one umbrella
Great resources, people (mostly), training, good benefits.
Good benefits and work life balance
Great benefits and solid work/life balance.
Best resources hands down of any company. CEO very impressive. Top leadership great.
Great benefits Free stuff Lots of resources
Awesome company, great benefits, work
Inclusive and open minded workplace with good benefits.
The people who work at Microsoft are very smart and very hard-working.
Great people, good benefits, solid base pay. I worked there for 8 years and I'd work there again.
Great benefits and work life balance
Microsoft still has some of the best benefits around and where else can you go where you can, in some cases, walk down the hallway to talk with the one who wrote the book on a given technology and was one of the developers. Most employees are eager to help others when asked and also have a ton of knowledge to share. Reviews are leaner with the Connect process. If you are lucky enough to have a good people manager, you should look to have a Connect every 2-3 months, which is great for helping to keep you on track and give you more accurate measurements of impact. Azure is taking off and the focus is moving entirely to an engineering/developer mindset, leveraging Site Reliability Engineering (SRE). The more you deliver that has direct impact the more you will be rewarded.
It all depends on the team you are part of. The work load is nice and perk like espp, 401k and medical benefits are better. But salary is on the low side compare to other seattle companies.
Talented people teams Caring and understanding
Great company to work with.
Good pay, well structured program, awesome intern events.
cares about my family & work life balance
Great co-workers Massive impact on the industry Good benefits
There is always room for career development.
Great benefits, competitive salary (at least at senior level and below), bonus and stock on top of salary, plus additional perks like commuting alternatives (bus pass or Microsoft's Connector service--coach-style bus service from prime locations throughout the area), Prime discounts, competitive parental leave for mothers or fathers. 401K match (or something retirement related) is a must-have in this post-pension world.  The Switch from no out-of-pocket health care to a high deductible plan with an HSA was tough, but I personally understand that the former wasn't sustainable. Note that Microsoft feeds the account and for a healthy family with not much more than regular maintenance health services, you can spend less than the company's contribution. This means the savings will grow and be available in retirement years.
None other than the pay
The benefits provided are top notch, including matching for charitable donations. One of the best perks of working at Microsoft is the access to the latest and great technology, and the ability to help shape future products and services.
salary level is up to date for new hire
Passionate people determined to help customers and partners succeed with digital transformation. Excellent pay and benefits. Lots of training and opportunity to make a difference. Investing in early in career employees to help grow future talent.
Great culture, very cool products
Work with smart people. Good benefits.
They treat their employee well, good benefits, salary is fair and they provide the tools needed for their employees to be successful
Get a good manager in addition to a great mentor and you're set.
it is a transformed company
Employee Benefits Top Brand Bonus Stock Awards
Great company with great benefits. Opportunities to work with many technologies and travel anywhere in the world. Many cultural experiences and diversity is very big.
Latest and greatest technologies to work with. Very competitive Plenty of opportunities to learn Good pay Excellent benefits Top talent
Work culture, Passion, new and exciting Products
Microsoft is one of the best places to work in Reno. Great people, amazing benefits, and top pay in the area. There are plenty of challenging projects and lots of development opportunities. It's a great gig... while it lasts...
Autonomy, Culture, Benefits, Opportunities, Market Leader, Breadth of Solutions, CEO's Leadership
Amazing benefits, Inspirational leaders embodying Growth mindset, Willing to try new things to keep improving,
Microsoft acquired Razorfish. Felt pride to an employee of Microsoft.
Great company to work for.
Great Work Environment Big Challenges Open and Spacious Perks Smart People
Smart people, access to incredible resources - from top end universities to writers with serious intellectual horsepower.
Cutting edge technology, great leadership and vision, benefits...to many to list
Autonomy, Culture, Benefits, Opportunities, Market Leader, Breadth of Solutions, CEO's Leadership
Exposure to wide range of technology, customer engagement and partner ecosystem
One of the best reason to work for Microsoft is the wealth of knowledge and virtually unlimited access to team member with in the company. Escalation teams are always willing to provide insight into specifics of issues down to the code level.
I liked working with such a great team.
Ability to work wherever you want (see below) Ability to get access and information to the people that built and developed the applications you are using
1. Flexibility 2. Competitive pay 3. Freedom to work remotly
Lot of training, and a big name.
Don't need to work hard :)
- Good health benefits and 401k - Space to grow
Excellent leader at the helm, seeing changes every day in the right direction. Good compensation, excellent benefits, terrific culture.
Good salary and good benefits. I don’t see much else as a positive. Matching 401K. Medical is consistent with a large company.
-Great pay and benefits, hard to find anything close. -Ability to work on exciting projects if you're talented enough. -Lateral movement from Jr to Sr is great.
If you like stasis, indecision, and lack of drive... great place to look for a plot.
Excellent Benefits. Pay is good.
Excellent Benefits. Pay is good.
Good place to work.
1) The company is full of really smart and talented people. 2) Some orgs within MS are better to deal with than others. 3) Satya Nadella seems fantastic and pioneering as the CEO. 4) Benefits are great.
The work environment was excellent, the projects were fascinating, and almost everyone I worked with were exceptional.
Working with college students, they're interesting to talk to. Always a learning experience, never boring to say the least. Fun at times.
Excellent benefits. Opportunity for advancement. Community driven.
The obvious - work for one of the leading technology companies on the planet Fantastic benefits Ability to have your voice heard regardless of your position within the company
Lots of resources for learning and growth
awesome benefits, especially 401K matching, Healthcare, and fitness. I have never worked for a company with better benefits than Microsoft
-great benefits/compensation -talented workforce -lots of opportunities to move around
Learning, Growth, Career, Work life balance, Pay
Great pay, benefits, and experience. Many locations with lots of opportunities for movement. Depending on your manager it can be a great place. There is a wellness fund you can use to buy fitness related items that is $800.
I've been working at Microsoft for over 6 years doing in various positions and every position has been amazing. I love the people and the culture here.
Great work/life balance Career opportunities Place of work Team
Good package. Balanced work culture. Long timers get very good benefits.
Great products, balanced portfolio of products, services and hardware, benefits, new area of employees
Large impact in the product teams given the big users base.
good place to work for millenials
Good reliable products to sell
Not much to say. Nice people so far.
health benefits are good, and good work location
Good salary, good bonuses, if you perform. Good benefits, such as excellent medical. Perks, like fitness compensation and bus pass. Decent parking.
Lots of resources, global company, great benefit options
Great stepping stone, decent benefits.
Excellent company with productive software
Microsoft is a great place to work. There are great technical challenges, intelligent peers, and a supportive environment.
location, work environment, benefits, salary ok, opportunities
Flexibility to tailor your job to your liking Easy to move around within the company Great benefits for high performers
Exceptionally inquisitive and smart people
Great place to work, good benefits
Great company. Good benefits. Satya's leadership and commitment to a culture that is aware of the responsibility to the greater good. Legacy of excellence.
Generally good in a non specific way
Smart People, Lots of resources
* Good benefits * Huge company, so there are opportunities if one seeks for it.
Great culture, amazing opportunities, great work life balance.
Excellent company with productive software
Good work environment, smart people
the work enviroment is very good
Cutting-edge technology Smart and talented people
Work culture, Work life balance
Can balance work and family
Reputable and profitable company, with obvious name recognition. Most employees try hard to do their jobs well. Large emphasis placed on work/life balance. Huge variety of roles to choose from, with opportunities for role change. Pay ranges much better than they had been in the early 2000s. Leader in Cloud space.
Great benefits and resource, super smart people, fantastic work experience
challenging, great opportunities, flexible, talented people
Competitive salary and great benefits Giving back to the community is in our blood Also opportunities available if you are willing to relocate
work life balance was good
Good benefits, work life balance, training opportunities are all great, decent pay and a good vibe nowadays. 20 word minimum. 😉
The life here was great, i made alot of money and also had many cars. Coworkers were all very nice, Boss was great. Schedule was nice
- Great learning experience - Compensations and Benefits are best - Good work life balance
- Good work-life balance, ~36-40 hour work week, respect for vacation time, etc - Some extremely smart people around to learn from, especially when it comes to developing real-time, low-latency systems - Really spacious, cool campus with a lot of little perks
Great work environment and fun works
Great benefits. Flexible for students. Upwards moving company. One of the better retail experiences you can find. The money could be slightly better though. Corporate is very open to feedback. Company prefers to promote from within.
Wonderful work culture. Very friendly atmosphere
Stable company with lots of lateral possibilities
Great training! The best company out there! Very flexible and they allow you to decide how far you want to get in the Tech world!
Satya's leadership awesome benefits great culture great peers
Benefits + 401k. Great pay and compensation. Growth mindset, easy to work your way up. Dominant tech company, not going away soon. Innovative and unique company.
Good work life balance, smart people
Above average pay, great vision.
good knowledge sharing, smart people
Satya’s leadership is changing the culture but Dynamics is low on the totem pole. Product is weak compared to competition, no strategy and partner eco system is anemic.
Lots of opportunities in any area of work you are interested in. Your career is in your own hands.
Great Benefits and health plan but got worse the longer I was there
Bad compensation for most employees
Just about everything! Food is great and cheap, work-life balance allows for me to actually be a normal person outside of the weekends. Benefits are next level, people are incredible, truly if you have ever worked at a place and loved it, I guarantee it is better over at Microsoft. I know because that's how I felt leaving my last job.
Smart People. People friendly. Good benefits
Stable, good benefit, good work-life balance. However the promotion is controlled by Manager.
Lot of opportunities to learn
great vision for the future
Great benefits! and lots of tech
Friendly workers & employees
Treat employee well good benefits good growth opportunities
- You get to work with other smart people - Great access to cool technologies - Good rewards - There are some really great teams
Rich your resume, help high school students
Great company to work for with lots of opportunities. The organization works to keep employees and help them grow their careers.
fast paced and get to get experience quickly
Good culture, good work life balance.
Great benefits. A ton of different, exciting areas to work on. Wildly different cultures depending on group, so there's something at MS for almost everyone.
Great benefits. Broad range of opportunities. Evolving culture under Satya Nadella feels like the right thing. Really some great individual contributors work here. There are a few really good managers...wish there were more.
Tons of learning opportunities, Tons of really really smart engineers, Tons of opportunities for innovation
Work life balance, good opportunities in the area of enterprise services and productivity.
Microsoft has a very-laid back atmosphere so it is rare to feel stressed about work and vacation time is pretty flexible.
Awesome place to work, great team , great compensation , awesome benefits . I very like the idea of open mind , it help me grow daily
Challenges at scale and several different opportunities across the company.
From lower level positions it is easy to get promoted.
Very nice place to work
Great environment, lots of opportunities, good work life balance
Work Life Balance Certifications Good teams get good work
Great Work life balance Great people/leadership Great benefits - awesome maternity leave Amazing career opportunities Challenging work The company really cares about its people
Good benefits. Good work-life balance. Good overall company direction.
Great Work life balance Great people/leadership Great benefits - awesome maternity leave Amazing career opportunities Challenging work The company really cares about its people
They have endless resources for personal growth and benefits for tuition reimbursement. Overall compensation and benefits are well above average Satya is a refreshing change and has made the atmosphere more collaborative
The company pays well, but maked you work a lot for you to deserve it.
Opportunity, strategy, location, and support for entry level employees.
Good culture and environment. I was in a retail capacity so dealing with customers everyday can weigh on you.
Company with a strong moral compass. Smart, motivated co-workers. Mostly solving hard problems.
Treat interns well many social events for interns signature event
MS really takes work-life balance seriously. I suppose it depends on your team and your manager, but I have great flexibility to manage family obligations outside of work and during work hours. As long as I do my job well, life outside of work is supported and expected. The work culture has been amazing the past few years. Different divisions get along really well and actually try to help each other. At least in my limited experience.
The company is very ethical and responsible
A world-class organization, fantastic breadth and depth, amazing scope and possibilities.
Great opportunity for growth within the company.
Good working environment, great smart people, good benefits,
Good work life balance, they allow you the freedom to be creative and take charge
Leadership better aligned with industry
Great company to work with
Well paid Seattle is a great city
Work alongside many industry veterans and experts High bar for engineering quality and rigor
good tecnology, good culture, the company is too big
Work culture is one of the best. Great perks and salary and good work life balance.
Global impact - Your work matters
Very good benefits Diverse businesses Reasonably good leadership
Great team ethic and always ready
So many different products and teams, there is always a new and interesting challenge around the corner.
Work life balance, benefits, people, diversity. Upper management really turning things around and getting the company back on track. Somewhat exciting to tell people you work at Microsoft, again.
Lots of talented people, good diversity
I learned a lot from a lot of smart people
Great, fun job if you love technology. Never a day in which I felt work was work. Managers were open and had a open door policy. Benefits were best I'd had.
Just typing some gibberish here to make everything count. Microsoft has really good benefits, but not much more than that.
Very supportive of employee career goals and flexibility in moving around Very ethical Very supportive of allowing you to do your job as you want to do it great benefits
Good work life balance, Good benefits
Great compensation and benefits Great opportunities for vertical and horizontal movement
Benefits, work life balance, get to work with lots of partnering businesses
Competitive pay, great benefits, quiet location
Microsoft is a corporate that really cares about employee's personal/family life and the team I stay with truly embrace the company vision. I really enjoy the work environment here. The work itself also has a lot of potentials that you can innovate with. It is quite different from what I have known about the MSFT before. I think it is truely changing and evolving.
Great culture and work-life balance Market leader great people
every CXO wants to meet with you! Very dynamic CEO-Satya Nadella, fast growing with a lot of opportunities. The best digital transformation story in the industry.
Good work/life balance, friendly environment
Benefit Packages. Driven by objectives. Awesome productos and overall company direction
Good to have exposure and dealing with complexity
- direction of company is clear and apt, moving towards cloud computing and democratizing AI, lot of opportunities in these areas. - can switch jobs internally anytime, no sticking around the same team if you don't like it.
smart coworkers, diverse and inclusive staff
Good Experience,
Leadership is amazing with Satya heading up the company. I loved my job, it was challenging and extremely fun, I was truly happy and proud to work for such an great company.
Microsoft has been making lots of policy changes to better help their employees especially new parents
- Can always find a new challenge - Meet and work with lots of smart people - Good overall benefits
Great benefits, great work environment.
Broad and deep technologies, many talented people, good work life balance
Great work-life balance Moving team to team internally is super easy, so if you have a bad team you can keep spelunking about until you find a good fit
Good salary, and stock, with lots of benefits,
Mentors and Leaders. tech lifestyle and up to date
Good pay and work life balance
Good work life balance overall and a gear innovative company
The people who I worked with were exceptional in most cases.
Competition and benefits are competitive
Big company causes job safety. there are many different groups so you can change your team or find your favorite project
Total comp is fair but not market leading. People are great, smart, hard-working, and you'll learn a ton. Employee perks, charitable gift matching, and flexible work schedules are great.
Good benefits, smart people, market momentum, CEO that appears to want to drive change but doesn't understand the field culture.
Hours and work are flexible and work can be interesting and exciting. At the beginning it seems like such an innovative company but you soon realize it is anything but interesting.
Deep access to product groups and leading edge thinkers. Ability to work on the leading edge of technology.
Career Development & Great opportunities to grow.
Great benefits, great culture, good work/life balance.
Had the best time of my life learning, mentoring and growing
Diverse and smart people, diverse opportunities.
Benefits are pretty good and I have flexibility to work from home. Also the maternity and paternity leave is excellent (keep in mind this means your bonus is prorated)
Love this company because the work culture is amazing and the people on the team and other teams are welcoming.
- Benefits!! - Good work/life balance - Interesting product areas
Microsoft pays well, and have lots of good benefits with resources to help with the benefits. They really do care about their employees there, and will give the resources needed to get the job done more often than not.
Company brand, innovation. World wide coverage.
Friendly co-worder and management. The campus is nice.
Great benefits. Solid Comp plans. Compelling CEO. Smart People.
Some of the people are really smart and great to learn from and work with !
Good benefits, free food, good health insurance, hours are very flexible, good maternity/paternity leave, good work life balance, nice office.
Able to be a self start, not micromanaged. Best job ever. I loved the people and especially my work as a sSr User Experience evangelist.i even loved my managers in my DX role.
Microsoft is a challenging yet very positive environment. There is a huge focus on individual development.
Great people overall. Great benefits once you get through the high deductibles. Great training opportunities.
None to be said.
lots of autonomy. paid well. chance to really make a difference for your customers.
Outstanding compensation and health benefits
Great benefits, good work-life balance.
Love the culture, benefits, and direction.
Lots of flexibility to work
Great benefits, flexible hours and working environment, infinite resources to learn, working with very smart and enthusiastic people, company is moving its focus towards what is hot in tech today.
Great owners, friendly staff. fair pay
Good work/life balance, good benefits, good work processes, opportunities to move around the company
Building products which can reach out to tens of thousands customers and impact globally.
work on all different space - cloud solutions (azure), business solutions (dynamic CRM), productivity tools (visual studio), data management tools (SharePoint)
Vision for the future is bright
Compensation, Benefits, Innovation, CEO are major plus. Company is viewed as one of the most innovative in tech industry. Company has really smart and dedicated people.
Solid company with good compensation. If you find the right fit on the right team with management and team members who will support and back you up, it's a great experience.
Excellent brand and company culture
Great Insurance and other benefits. Pay is above average.
Great Work-Life Integration experience
Lot of teams to work at and with which are working on wide variety of technologies Very very smart engineers solving tough problems. Amazing work life balance The best benefits in the industry
Good workplace, supportive management, stock
Treated fairly well, lots of flexibility and options once you're in.
Benefits are amazing, great network, the technology is truly amazing and you gain visibility to how important security is when it comes to technology.
Treats Employees incredibly well. Pay is very competitive.
Very smart people. Satya the CEO is a terrific people and business leader, with clear and compelling strategy & vision. Lots of opportunity for internal movement working in different groups, roles and locations globally. Microsoft is better positioned than any company for the cloud. Satya is very focused on culture and continues to move it within the company to a better place.
Products work and there are smart people at Microsoft.
Top talent. Really smart people. Usually only takes 1 explanation on complex subjects for teams to understand. Motivated to help. Nice work environment. Good benefits.
Great colleagues, meaningful work, resources, experience, compensation (when it's paid, see below), culture, donation matching programs, collaboration software, flexible schedules, campus.
Famous. Good gui. Stable company.
Vision of the company in helping every company and individual to achieve more. its built into the culture.
Great people, great technology - rapid pace.
Works with talent people. Lots of resource to learn and try.
Good technologies, Innovation, ideas respected
Good pay, benefits, and opportunities, such as networking and being apart of influential events. Benefits include medical coverage and tuition reimbursement for even part timers.
Great work life balance and fair pay/compensation
Great people. Great Environment. Room for Advancement.
Room for growth, flexible hours great benefits
Best time since the start and rapid growth of Microsoft to be working here. Great product line-up, excellent company leadership, and customer focused approach.
Azure and Office are 2 bright spots
Microsoft benefits are second-to-none and keep getting better. Competitive time off, paid leaves include generous parental leave (including foster/adoption placements!) and even caretaker leave to provide for a family member with an illness. 50% 401k match up to the maximum contribution, good health benefits, etc.  The culture in most teams is also very welcoming of diverse opinions and contributions are rewarded well. Microsoft has one of the broadest reaches in the world in terms of number of people who use your product, so you get the chance to work on very prominent pieces of tech and do something people will recognize.
Great people, terrific learning opportunities, & benefits
Benefits are good. Generous donation matching.
Great company with plenty of opportunities, platforms to work on
Since Ballmer left things are getting better. We seem more willing to embrace change and adapt to the magnet. The strides we are making with life partner base will pay off down the road.
Nothing special about MSFT. fairly normal job, normal pay, normal expectations
One of the best brand names
Excellent compensation package, insurance, medical and stock plan.
Lots of opportunity to work in many different areas
Was good they had really good benefits
Brilliant people, cool projects, chance to have a big impact.
big company, good 401k
Great work-life balance and good benefits Stock options Vacation package is competitive Great coworkers, get to work with intelligent people every day
Large company with awesome colleagues.
everything about this company is great. They treat their employees very well.
The company allows flexible hours and gives back to the community, there is opportunity for growing your skills and knowledge areas.
There is an endless amount of technical material to learn from.
Decent staff and decent benefits
Nice people who work there
Base pay is above average in Seattle area
Salary is good for consultants. Stock awards Bonuses
Great benefits company looks out for employees Awesome company Culture room to move up
MS has many great products, good work-life balance.
Benefits and pay are top rate. Tools and materials are abundant. My immediate manager for most of my time there was is someone I'd work for again in a heartbeat.
Great benefits Flexibility for work life balance
Lots of opportunities to work with cool technologies Great culture that encourages risk taking and Agile thinking Lots of opportunities to learn and grow your technical knowledge
Diverse, great work-life balance, challenging, awesome benefits
Amazing benefits. You get to work with incredibly intelligent colleagues and have diverse set of career opportunities. Incredibly strong company leadership.
Great and smart people - reinventing transforming itself.
Pay and benefits are competitive. Flexible work arrangements are very common. The actual work can be very interesting and rewarding once you get past all the management/corporate crap.
Microsoft takes the time to hire great people, typically resulting in healthy teams. The culture has shifted to customer-centric and is growth oriented. Highly competitive benefits and pay.
Super smart and driven people to work with!
Tech is top notch. Better than anyone.
MS has really excellent benefits - no healthcare premiums, and 50% 401k match! Irrespective of other factors, this is a really great things about the company.
There is a lot of talented people, and opportunities to grow in many organizations. Benefits make you feel almost like you have 2 salaries and most of offices are pretty decent, some very luxurious. They have people and offices almost all around the world.
Great benefits, matching stock at 10% discount. The parental leave is awesome and they now have a caregiver benefit.
Great place to learn lots of technology and good support system.
Opportunities abound if your willing to work for it
Many great, talent people that you can learn from and get inspired from.
Company has begun to innovate again under Satya's leadership. Reasonably good benefits and the people there are pretty decent. If you're into philanthropy this is your company.
You can get to work on some really cutting edge software and hardware (Enterprise related mainly). It helps you build a strong resume and you can attend a lot of additional training that doesn't have to relate to your current position.
Flexibility - remote work. Good to great salary Great health care Great benefits Dynamic and solid company
it is a stable place to work
Excellent benefits. Generally great place to work with flexibility, etc.
well established company, deep pocket and great level of resource
The company gives you flexibility to work pretty much from wherever
Still has weight on your resume.
Healthy business translates to solid salary, benefits, and bonuses.
Innovative, room for growth,
they give you a tablet and phone upon hire
Culture and smart talented people
Love the technology, flexible timings, tons of opportunities
Health Benefits , Work-life balance, discounts, perks for being part of the company , learning so much about new amazing products
One of the best companies in the world. I've been here since 1995 and I have seen a few things. I can't imagine working somewhere else, but maybe I could.
Smart engineers have the ability to do very well here. Take ownership of your career and your product.
Cutting edge technology, diverse employment opportunities, attractive benefits, improving culture
Large customer base, innovative projects, agility
Microsoft has awesome benefits and the business administrator role has a flexible schedule.
Good benefits, smart people, private offices, and abundance of resources to drive big impact.
There are many different opportunities within company. Microsoft is heading in right direction under Satya.
- Great health package - Good work-life balance - Employer really cares (great HR!)
flexible working time, many people stay office from 10:30am to 4:00pm
Great program, great gifts, good for resume, high payment
Flexibility, diversity, salary & benefits
great health benefits, opportunities to move around
Good benefits, some good people to work with.
Solid, if not great, benefits, great work-life balance
Good company. Willing to stay for more years.
Benefits was good to receive.
Great job and not doing the same thing everyday.
greatest Perfect fantastic awesome Bewildering
World class benefits, work/life balance is up to the individual to define (though this probably varies by team), interesting & impactful work on products that everyone recognizes
Many technical opportunities. Great benefits.
Smart people to work with and learn from
Great Benefits. Fair pay for the job that you do
Great pay, benefits, bonus, health plan.
It's a great place to work.
It was a good company to work for. Smart people, technologically curious and forthright. Interesting work, lots of diversity in employees and job responsibilities. Good severance package.
Breadth of technology areas, scale, opportunity for impact Renewed focus on customers Exciting applications across all software domains
- Exciting and challenging work environment  - Good pay with excellent benefits  - No stories of people crying at their desks (like at another local tech company)  - World-class competition and disrupters facilitate an environment where innovation and risk-taking are encouraged
Amazing Benefits, Tons of Room for Advancement, Great Compensation, Very Intelligent Co-workers. Fantastic Work life Balance
Good company with good benefits
Awesome Benefits Work Life Balance Growth Opportunities Compensation Bonus/Stock Options
Love the company and benefits
Company provides excellent opportunity for growth, and access to all resources needed to succeed. There is unlimited opportunity to grow if employees take advantage of the resources.
Competitive pay, nice campus in Redmond
Great job opportunities and decent benefits - good 401k match, health care, annual bonus and stock program. Lots of highly intelligent people
- Good reputation in general in the industry. - Opens up other job opportunities in the industry. - If you are lucky enough to be in a group which is making money and have a really good manager who you can follow around, stay.
Azure is awesome place to work !!
Excellent benefits, good employees, great benefits
Satya has really turned around the culture. Work-life balance is great and the compensation & benefits are great. The employees here are also very talented. It's actually a funny balance, they are talented enough to be motivated, yet people aren't over-qualified (like some other tech companies) which means it's reasonable to work on a meaningful project.
Lots of scope, lots of variety -- in my 15 years in the company I've worked in widely different divisions, on very different products.
Good pay, great benefits.
Tons of variety, flexibility and exciting work. No two days are the same and the work is truly meaningful and rewarding. You literally are free to go in any direction as long as it aligns to company goals.
Excellent compensation and benefits Great work/life balance Unique opportunities to work on world changing problems Easy to transition between groups/teams Access to resources
Flexible hours, large family type atmosphere, new technology so easy to keep current, intelligent staff, sometimes able to work remotely from home, many services on site (restaurants, banks, stores, etc.)
Pay and benefits are still quite good. There are lots of little perks that add up, like stayfit and access to tons of free training opportunities. Just have to take advantage of them.
Fast-paced, exciting place to work, interesting and challenging work, never gets boring, highly educated and skilled colleagues, strong compensation and good benefits. Company is moving in the right direction.
It was my chilhood dream to work at Microsoft.
Great pay, well above industry standard. Employee benefits almost Google-tier Flexible working conditions. Ample vacation/sick time Hands-off management i.e. no micromanaging.
Lots of different teams, makes for lots of mini-companies within the company. Varied positions and opportunities to change roles, or change career focus.
- managers work with your school schedule - easy job, you just have to know about microsoft products - $13.50 to start off - benefits like health insurance even if you're part time
Many, many resources are available on everything Microsoft
Flexible time and ownership of features. Many technologies and teams to work on. Something for everyone. Better than average pay and benefits.
Treats employees fairly with tons of perks.
Company has great benefits and internal resources for training and career growth. Work with smart and capable individuals.
good salary, benefit, name value
Great work life balance, lots of different projects to work on and learn from
- Good Salary - Good Benefits - There are some fun products / franchises to work on
Culture, Great people, Great Technology
Leading edge technologies, great benefit package, fun environment
good work life balance, good compensation
Great perks and good salary for initial IT career.
Great company, rewarding and challenging work, great benefits
Independence and smart colleagues. Great company which takes care of employees
cool stuff bro keep it up
Learned a lot about software engineering
Work life balance is pretty good
Benefits are amazing and the work is challenging
Smart people, great benefits, interesting opportunities and challenges, ongoing opportunities to learn and grow, global impact, desire to value diversity
Many opportunities to move around a grow
If you dont want to work, no body can get you to do work
Because of the quality of the company and it's amazing looks of their products..
Work life balance, scheduling flexibility, supportive management, entrepreneurial spirit, open to changes.
Microsoft is a good enviro Want to work in and the pay is good
Free to make your own schedule, can work mostly remotely. Don't need a heavy hunter mentality, they spoon feed you opportunities to go after.
Super smart people Supportive management Cutting edge tech
Smart driven co-workers who push you to do your best work. Great benefits and flex working arrangements. International opportunities. There are a lot of internal opportunities to transfer within the company.
Good benefits and pay, kind coworkers, nice office space albeit extremely quiet with little collaboration
Competitive salary and great benefits. I relocated from a less competitive software industry in comparison to Puget Sound, so I'm probably underestimating a good living. There are a lot of cool things going on at Microsoft. It feels like you're entering a pretty special company, given its track record. Regardless of anyone's strengths or weaknesses, you'll encounter some pretty smart people here and it feels good to work with capable people. There generally feels to be a high standard of technical understanding without penalizing those who don't know everything. Most managers and peers are friendly and helpful. The facilities are modern and clean with amenities. You should have just about any resource you'll need to do the best job you can.
Diversity, altruism (hackathons etc.), nice people, free beverages, nice campus, good pay. Generally, an agreeable place to work. Ping pong.
Great company and benefits. Microsoft is a Globally recognized 'Great Place to Work'
Great place to learn and grow and grow at scale Open to new things now and not so closed off as in the past Truly collaborative within your team and getting better outside of your immediate teams... Embrace the concepts of being able to leverage each other all the time (and now expect this across the Company) + contributing to other's success (not just a tagline but truly happens). Correct CEO- excellent leader and just what we needed to become relevant again
Great people to work with. Very smart people. If you get on a good team you will have a very open environment.
Compensation and Benefits Package Travel & Reimbursement Opportunities Flexibility & Freedom Remote/Telework/Home Office Work Culture
Everyone I worked with was very dedicated to the success of the team as a whole. There was very little politics or infighting at my level.
Well funded and resourced. Smart and dedicated people. Global presence.
Great culture, wonderful people to work with.
Can say that you've worked for Microsoft Fun work environment and meaningful training
Generally, empowers employees to learn and succeed with lots of resources. Fast-paced. Great compensation and benefits. Smart people.
Worked with smart people and big projects around the world.
great opportunity to showcase new Microsoft products interview process wasn't as difficult small bonus was given to the store if they hit the goal
Good work environment. Opportunity to develop. Work life balance is respected.
Lots of smart people, competitive pay, great benefits
talking to people while im working
Good benefits, team is usually helpful
Lots of opportunity, great salary and benefits, values driven, amazing CEO in Satya
Great benefits, flexible culture, industry opportunity
great benefits that are easy to use and apply. good vacation policy and the individual people are great
Good work environment and challenging work
Good Place to work comfortable you will learn a lot
Love independent cubicles. You can also do your work independently and no micro management from managers
Good people who work there
Great Benefits, Good People, Great place to work at
Best flexibility on the market
Reasonable Pay and Benefits vs. similar organizations. Great Brand that is making an impact in every business (large or small) and in peoples everyday lives.
Amazing benefits, great pay, great products
Great people. Great products. Good salary and benefits.
friendly staff and good energy
Good work life balance. Working and learning with incredibly talented and passionate people.
good company to work for
solid enterprise solution, diversity and experience
Lots of really interesting teams and technologies Great benefits (medical, family leave, family care, vacation) Positive culture of growth mindset Super smart people
Good life work balance.
Variety of projects, technology etc.
1) Flexible hours 2) Friendly culture 3) Good benefits 4) Overall the atmosphere in the company is welcoming, and friendly. 5) The projects are challenging and help you grow as a professional
- Diverse opportunities in many different product focus areas - Fantastic benefits - Work with smart people - International company with opportunity to travel - Challenging projects and lots of resources for support
Microsoft has alwasy been a good company to work for with solid pay and amazing benefits. I see very little politics being played adn people are rewarded for hard work
A very good benefits package.
smart people, good CEO leadership
The Senior Leadership Team is always looking to drive you forward with helpful insights and feed forward!
Flexible hours, a lot of opportunities to learn and wirk around large scale services and systems
It is honestly one of the best (and worst) places I have ever worked. Resources, co-workers, energy, ideas, - they are all in abundance.
Great developers, good resources, fair work-life balance
Great salary, benefits, work/life balance and career opportunity
Good Technical exposure and great learning environment
Work life balance Insurance and Benefits
broad scope, global impact. Overall compensation is pretty good once you get past entry level jobs
Good salary and benefits (health, etc)
The company is all-in on cloud and embracing Linux in a first class way. They are being smart about it, but the trend is clear.
Like most companies, the result of an employee's experience is there manager. Lived the dream for 3.5yrs!
Great benefits, great team to work with, and management cares about your future.
Great benefits. Nice campus. Smart people.
Cheap software is better than nothing
Focus on technology and excellence.
Great Company and great vision
Opportunities to expand career, benefits are among the best, tech leader and re-emerging innovator
> Real Engineering work. > Bleeding edge technology
Opportunities to expand career, benefits are among the best, tech leader and re-emerging innovator
> Real Engineering work. > Bleeding edge technology
Ability to affect billions of customers, exposure to leading-edge technologies.
Microsoft offers an average salary and benefits package that includes a very good "Stay Fit" package but nothing that raises an eyebrow. The compensation bar is slowly becoming diluted. I am sure that I could get a comparable package at Amazon or Google.
- Great work life balance (depending on team) - Pay is comparable to industry competitors.  Benefits are pretty solid, great health insurance, matching 401k and employee stock purchase program. Also, there is a $800 StayFit benefit where you can use on health related purchases/activities.
Smart Colleagues and lots of opportunities across teams
-Friendly employees - Good work schedule
Good work-life balance. Company doing well
Great work life balance if you make it your priority. Beautiful campus buildings. $800 stay fit reembursement or gym membership benefit 50% match on 401k up to $9000
Really good at playing catch up. Lots of smart people. Fantastic benefits.
So much variety and opportunity to do a multitude of roles within one company.
Competitive compensation and generous benefits in the industry, cool products and smart people around, challenging work and rewarding experiences.
Many opportunities to grow within the company!
big company, use new Technic
Smart team. Great projects. Scope for growth through different groups and products. Great benefits and stock compensation. Medical benefits are also good.
Good work-life balance. Company doing well
Met some great people while working there
All in all, strategy of current leadership is focused on the right areas, and across the board MSFT is a strong organization to work for with a good long-term vision in a highly competitive space.
Great benefits, Eastside location away from Seattle
Great benefits, renewed culture, smart people
I spent few years in Bing learning from arguably some of the brightest folks in the industry about distributed systems, application development. I would say really good place to learn technical prowess on different areas of software industry.
1. Good work&life balance. 2. Easy to find positions in other team.
Great salary, great benefits, great location, challenging work
-Good Pay, Benefits, and Stock -Decent work/life balance
Fantastic benefits, and educational resources. Great co-workers and exciting prospects for the future (ever since Satya took the help). Also the pacific northwest is a great place to live.  Manager really respects work-life balance. Lots of room for mobility in the company. Microsoft is also investing heavily in all kinds of really cool future facing technology.
Worklife balance, influence, pay, experience.
Great work life balance, good coworkers, growing company, lots of room to move around teams
Smart people, good benefits, freedom (not micro-managed)
Big company, big benefits, prestigious, good experience
Great company. Highly matrixed organization and you need to know how to work with others,
For someone willing to push and adapt, there were opportunities to think creatively. The biggest plus was having managers who mainly knew what they were doing and treated people well, and benefits and work hours that conveyed that they valued you.
Compensation, Benefits, pace of technology
You get to learn and grow from some seriously smart leaders
Work/life balance, medical benefits, teams
Benefits and salary are competitive. People are really smart.
Good and stable. Awesome colleagues
Great diversity of products and applications. Good salary and benefits.
Great pay and benefits. Great co-workers and surrounded by brilliance. Fast paced and high achieving environment.
Great Perks Microsoft Give campaign led my community service hours to donate 4K to a non-profit
diversity, culture, environment, technical, ethical, solid
Great environment and friendly co workers
Great company. Great benefits. Pay is in the top 10% of companies probably.
get to learn a lot
You get to work with some incredibly smart and talented people. With so many products and initiatives, there's a lot of opportunity for mobility within the company.
Microsoft is a awesome company, especially if you have a family. The work/life balance is very reasonable and benefit is great.
Nice campus, good pay, work with lots of smart people
Great benefits. Compensation can be excellent.
Just got the job offer, the onboarding process is great!
work life balance, good team if you are lucky, many people to know
A opportunity to learn so much
Good benefits World changing software Opportunities to move around internally
Leader in retail experiences Great Benefits Work Life Balance Amazing leadership
Fantastic changes with Satha Nadellas leadership and initiatives. Great flexibility and attitude from the company and Azure growth is phenomenal and game changes for the company and the industry
Better work-life balance than any other silicon valley company
Diversity is great at microsoft
Work with best people! Have a wide diversity of products. Fast paced environment with opportunities to grow in your career and to learn new technologies!
Great place to build your career! Determined to build high-quality products. Big scope. A lot of options inside the company to choose from.
Most manager's do not micro-manage and the pay is good
Great work life balance. Great manager helps.
The pay and benefits are tremendous (very hard to find anywhere else), and if you're ambitious enough, there is unlimited opportunity. They're also great, if you need time off to take care of yourself and/or your family.
The pay and benefits are tremendous (very hard to find anywhere else), and if you're ambitious enough, there is unlimited opportunity. They're also great, if you need time off to take care of yourself and/or your family.
The leadership is placing bets on strategic areas that will have long lasting benefits and returns for its employees, shareholders and investors. Satya and his lieutenants are a breath of fresh air and their vision is the right one for the company.
Flexibility to work at home some days for most roles and groups. Great benefits. Depending on the manager/role/team you feel ownership and accountability.
Great Culture and employee Benefits
Great culture and a lot of emphasis on quick prototyping
Its Microsoft. Always a top company. Good pay and benefits. And with so many products and regional operating centers, there is a lot of opportunity to structure a career however you want.  Schedules are pretty flexible, but there is an unspoken rule/expectation to 'be online' to make up any time taken. Work life balance is a Microsoft value. And for the most part there is no problems taking time when you need it. Plus there is a work from home availability.
Her social support for NPO, innovative products like Hololens, work life balance, great people and managers, the annual hackathon is a good start if you want to help make the world a better place.
Strong leadership. Great momentum after Satya took over the CEO role. Well positioned in a highly competitive environment, with a clear strategy and positive perspectives as reflected in stock price. Competitive compensation and good benefits.
good employee benefits. Leading tech company
Great employee support on relocation, employee development
Great compensation, surrounded by smart, energetic, customer-focused people who are constantly trying to be better people, employees and leaders!
Healthcare is best in class, it's premera with a low deductible and vision + dental. Paid time off and paid sick time is good and accrued over time.
Tools to do your job. Highly integrated tech tools
Great benefits, flexible schedules for college students and free stuff.
Great exposure to different technology , open culture, free reign to follow what you like to do and are passionate about
open, flexible, good coverage of business
Challenging problems to solve and smart people to push you to solve them. There is a lot of opportunity for growth.
Work for one of the most known tech companies
Great company to work for.
One of the best places to have a worldwide positive effect on software. There's opportunity here that, while rare and viciously fought over, is uniquely powerful.
Diversity of products leads to many opportunities.
Strong benefits, good coworkers, competitive pay
Friendly and smart people, supportive. Backstabbing is rare. Management pay attention to employees complaint and open to discussion. Pay is good relative to the stress/expectation.
Great culture, people, package , roles
The money is great. The benefits used to be much better. You might love it or you might hate it. It all depends which group or boss you have.
I love working at Microsoft for the benefits. Make no mistake though, it is not the lazy man's amazon. You will definitely work hard if you're in (or supporting) an engineering group.
Global impact on technology and customers, remarkable cultural shift underway with Satya and the extended leadership team, aggressive and refined focus on what's next.
Great salary and benefits. Fast paced and always evolving. There are many opportunities for those interested in tech jobs.
Benefits, Training, people and external training.
Great upper management, Great benefits.
Great pay, great benefits, and I've had great managers.
Pay, diversity, opportunity, benefits, smart colleagues
Satya is a great CEO. Business has great growth businesses (cloud and AI) and great cash cows (windows and office)
Reasonable paid, good benefits and opportunity to learn more technologies
Good work life balance. Lower cost of living compared to bay area.
Great benefit good work life balance lots of internal opportunities
Good Benefits, smart people. Good Mentor System.
Great work opportunities to engage with enterprise corporate customers to showcase software products and the custom solution integration capabilities. Excellent business and technical skills training.
Good benefits with ample options to choose doctors
It's a very good company
Amazing opportunities to drive impact Easy access to company resources Incredible benefits Flexible hours High level of autonomy and responsibility for work
A healthy company to work at.
Flexible hours, flexible company to work for if you have a family. Great benefits for you and your family, 401 k and stock options
1. Lots of opportunity to move around 2. Good work-life balance 3. Good compensation
Great colleagues to work with and learn from.
Trust Worktime,. Bonus which depends on your performance. Support around the whole company. Experts which are willing to share their experience with you.
Nice to work for, with stable revenue and profit, many opportunities within the company, so one doesn't need to jump to other companies if you will.
There are many teams in Microsoft and each team is like a different company. It also provides great training from technical skills to effective communication. Also it provides great benefits.
good pay & benefits, interesting technology
The customers happiness, the product knowledge if you love technology, organized team.
Smart, dedicated team members. Always a new challenge around every corner. Great training opportunities. Clear accountabilities.
Good Infrastructure and good technologies
Respectful culture. Amazing benefits. Insane charitable match.
Good benefits, perfect working environment
Full of smart people, opportunity to work across a broad range of topics/interests
Satya Nadella si a great CEO and has a great strategy. The company is competing very well with the competitors. Great people are working in Redmond
Good company to work for excellent manager
Work on products with huge scale and user impact, they're incredibly invested in a diverse environment, tons of smart people, lots of cool challenges, you will make lifelong friends here and learn crucial skills, still a lot of opportunity to try out different things across the company
You will work with some of the brightest in the industry.
challenge environment, part of company is
The people I worked with over the years were top notch. It's sad to see all the experienced talent leaving for AWS!
Very cool culture and the work I was doing was cutting edge.
- Great work/life balance - Very good benefits
Good brand name, company has great positioning for the future. Microsoft and Apple are the only 2 legacy companies within the top 5 market cap, it shows that corporate leadership has mostly made the right calls.
Giant of a company, lots of teams, lots to learn
Open minded, freedom to explore, great salary & bonus package.
they see the importance of AI and Cloud Intelligence
full package of benefits, lots of opportunities to get training and education
Tons of benefits and reasonable hours.
Innovation, Digital Transformation, Cloud transformation, Productivity platform is superior
Working full time at the Microsoft retail store is a great opportunity to have. The managers are very flexible. The benefits are the best. The opportunity for growth is amazing.
Work with very bright people, culture and atmosphere is very friendly and encouraging. Be prepared to learn a lot.
There are so many talents, people learn from each other everyday. Best place to learn Microsoft technology and stack like .net, c#.
Very positive environment of working to help each other, grow together and build upon other's learnings and experiences. Benefits are good (not as good as they were prior to the Affordable Healthcare Act) but will stand up against other employers. Strong focus on diversity and a healthy work life balance. Also embraces remote employees (in most departments). Not known for large yearly raises.
great benefits and company perks
It's been pretty great working at Microsoft. Most of the teams are working on cutting edge technology areas.
Great company, great benefits, great leadership
Flexible. Great name. Treated like a professional. Lots of ability to move around. Not best buy competitive salary. Super products. Love my coworkers
flexibility, vacation time and good projects
Great benefits and good team to work with. Growth potential and utilization bonus makes it worth.
Great work-life balance Nice salary Freedom to work on interesting projects Company giving is generous Free snacks and food at some locations
Microsoft has a lot of prestige behind the name, good stepping stone for other jobs, good advancement opportunities, fun store... gaming, virtual reality ect. good benefits!!
Easy to talk to people about what you're working on, chances are they are using your product.
It's a good job for college students. The company cares about their employees. It's not commission based. Working with the latest technology is interesting.
Decent benefits, interesting business opportunities to work on
Great and smart people to work with. We respect each other, and it is so easy to work with this type of mindset people. You feel you need to do a lot but you are fulfilled after the accomplishment.
Able to work in different sections of the store and do as many stretch assignments to find where you fit  Many company moral parties and meetings to keep everyone happy  Plenty of outlets to gain knowledge on the company that is beneficial outside of the company  Able to work with your community and help out with projects around your city  Fun atmosphere very easy going and if you work in the fifth ave location always busy with new and interesting events that will keep you on your toes with plenty of corporate people that go there and mingle with the staff
Microsoft has countless opportunities for you no matter what job you want to have. You can go from completely technical to non-technical and everything in between. Microsoft has some of the best benefits out of any company and the total pay package is great.
Challenging projects, Deep and technical coworkers, potential to grow up the ladder, great benefits, Can find your niche
Huge opportunity for impact, company really cares about you and the world. Excellent benefits.
There are a lot of great people. The recent changes under the new CEO are great - and are moving the company toward the right direction. Work life balance is great - of course it depends on the team you're in. If you're lucky, and I am, you'll have freedom to work on stuff you choose to.
good work life balance friendly co-works
Great benefits, smart people, loved Seattle/Redmond area
it is a World class company
Great benefits. Cool tech. Good pay. Give you drinks and a drink fridge. Also give stores a morale budget. Full time associates get a stay fit reimbursement
Good learning experience, get to work with newest upcoming technologies.
Good compensation and work life balance. Projects differ in scope and complexity. If you work on a highly visible project, you get good chance to gain promotion.
good work life balance in this company
Great Company to work in almost all measures.
Smart people around, great food
Smart people around, great food
Good Salary and benefits. Engaging work.
Co-workers were generally sharp, qualified. Great campus perks, flexible schedule, nice offices depending on campus location. Free parking. Politics are thick if you're a player...
Solid Company that wants to continue to be relevant
-Great Benefits -Decent Pay -Great random opportunities happen all the time
No micro managing, constantly challenged and learning.
Smart employees and a lot of opportunity to learn.
Good benefits and continuously challenging opportunities
The chance to be part of the cutting edge of technology. Great compensation, fantastic benefits and access to the future.
You can get involved in anything in technology especially cloud.
nice environment. lots of smart coworkers.
Several career options, decent benefit, opportunity to work on products that are used by millions of people and 100+ countries
- Had multiple careers in one company - making a difference to the world through Giving
Amazing benefits. Flexible work schedule. Passionate and intelligent colleagues. Many career paths and options. Generous stock awards. Competitive total compensation.
Love the environment and work culture
Great products, love the new CEO
Lots of opportunity to learn and develop technical and program management skills
Great benefits, good work/life flexibility, smart people that are driven and motivated.
Brilliant people creating new and exciting technologies. Very collaborative and employee-forward HR.
Great people, all super smart, most very nice.
Opportunity to work in different roles and in general smart people to work with.
Challenging work, flexibility, good benefits, opportunities to learn
Good Company with smart quality people
Technology Gadgets Always learning Creative environment
Worked with very smart people, great benefits and pay.
Great people, telework, work hard/play hard
You get to work with and learn from some of the best and smartest in their fields. Microsoft do not skimp on equipment, you get whatever you need to do your job. You can move around (switch teams) if you do not feel enthusiastic about your current role or project. Excellent compensation and good benefits. Great company values and great people who work hard and like to have fun too.
Decent Work / Life balance Pretty good campus facilities Health club membership included as part of total compensation package Excellent health benefits ( However, not as good when I started with MS) Company stock is still given to (some) full time employees
Good pay, nice buildings, good benefits, and smart people are the best parts
Talented coworkers, good benefit, nice work-life balance
Flexibility of working hours, company culture, and future role prospects.
Immersion in the center of the tech industry.
A lot of smart people
Good benefits, flexible work style, collaboration tools
Great leadership, really turned the ship around, culture is incredible
great benefits and pay. Flexibility and work life balance
Best of the best environment present. Nice Culture. Good Salary.
I mean it is Microsoft. The people here are amazing. Technical talent is some of the best in the world bar none. The challenges here are non-stop. What you can learn is only limited by your ability to multi-task. Ground breaking technology is at your fingertips all the time. Learn and grow. You can only go up and your career is driven by you.
Good compensation and benefits. Company has lots of resources allocated to R&D. Great place to start one's career out of college. Tons of interesting projects that can be found with some effort.
Good people, company has a respectable reputation
Career Growth, Great Benefits, Cutting edge technology, Great People to work with
The people are fantastic, they all want to do the right thing by and for customers. The cloud head reinvigorated the company.
This is a great company
Good work/life balance. Good benefits. Good commute options. Managers in general are very good. The company seems to be gaining a lot of momentum, with great products being shipped. A lot more innovation is happening than in the past.
Phenomenal opportunities and resources that come with the size and success of the organization
Finally starting to innovate and work towards a vision
Great place to work. Decent pay. Great benefits. Good culture
Great salary and benefits, on the right team you can work on groundbreaking projects
Great benefits! Family oriented. You are encouraged to find a work life balance. College hire program provides great exposure to the company.
Challenging work and great learning Experience!
Working with some of the best talent in the world
Diversity, quality workplace, range of benefits, work life balance, strong SLT
Meeting tons of people, fun work environment, fun coworkers, they take great care of you
Great work/life balance, great people.
The cloud is changing the way people are thinking within MS.
It was a good place to work
Great place to work for. We can move across various orgs if you want to work on a different technology and keep you challenged. Lots of opportunities to grow your career, training systems, and above all, surrounded by smart people that let you work smart.
Great products with big impact. Advanced technology, smart people
-Great work environment - Great work life balance - Good benefits - Fun place to work
If you are a younger, male, traditional techie type--great place. Making strides for other groups as well. Good campus and leadership has a vision.
Stable job, some smart people, lots of variety in products to work on. Internal process to move is straightforward. People are ethical.
Yeah its fine I think
Great company. Loved the environment.
Smart people, some interesting projects, freedom to move around the company
Lots of good technical people to work with.
work-live balance easy to find interesting projects gives a lot of learning opportunities
Great benefits at the time, good pay, flexible
company is working on some cool things. strategy-wise they are well poised to succeed. deep pockets to throw lots of money at problems.
They encourage work/life balance, good benefits and encourage finding the job that fits you best.
Scale of impact, diverse businesses, challenging problems, high autonomy, supportive atmosphere for growth
- Mostly smart folks in the tech side, mostly hired newly graduate MBAs in the business side who don't contribute much other than create PPT and presentation all around.
Great company, work culture, people, benefits.
Flexible scheduling, fully stocked kitchen (snacks and drinks), nice pay, great benefits (if you're lucky enough to be hired on full-time)
good work life balance compared to other companies
Great high caliber talent and adaptive culture
Nice folks, have some extremely strong peers to learn from!
Great company & great people
i love the company though! Microsoft as a company has a great strategy. I will be sorry to leave.
Pay is decent, lots of new tech to learn all the time? Brand recognition.
Microsoft has incredible smart and talented resource pool, one of the best in the world. Salary and the bonus structure, paternity leave, stock options are super attractive. It also offers generous perquisites such as nanny service, relocation package and generous holidays
Benefits, Work life balance, fun environment, ability to work your own way.
Competitive salary and great benefits. Paid parking and/or transportation.
Good benefits, smart people, good work-life balance.
- You get to work with some incredibly smart people - Very challenging problems with allot of ambiguity - Autonomy
Very good work-life balance Lots of benefits Very well paid
Opportunity to develop and grow.
Good ability to get things done. Strategic vision has been sharp, execution has been good. Steering a giant ship takes effort and skill.
no pressure, good for life, flexible
Lots of oportunities. Good Salaries. Good Place
Good benefits, work is good or at least the teams I worked for were good. Really loved my Individual offices.
Good pay. Smart coworkers. Excellent benefits. Access to amazing technology. Microsoft Research does incredible things, some of which, sadly, are only seen by Microsoft employees
- Extremely talented employees, for the most part. - Good (used to be great) benefits - Stock doing great in recent years - Excellent senior leadership - Solid cloud development and offerings
Great benefits, smart colleagues, work life balance
Great opportunities, benefits, and culture
Smart people and great company
Hard work plus impact makes for good salary and bonus
Culturally there is increasing focus on the customer. The work environment is collaborative, and there are smart, interesting people to learn from. There are both driven and creative problem solvers. Diversity of employees a priority. Employees have a passion for achieving business targets and helping customers.
Great products to work on that really do change the world
Family benefits are really great. Good pay, exciting work opportunities. Tons of opportunity for internal mobility and lots of flexibility to move in your career.
healthcare is very good, HSA contributions
benefits are good. can learn new technology.
Great opportunities to make an impact. Great place to learn. Campus/benefits are fabulous. Relaxed/flexible environment.
People-oriented, innovative culture.
potential for great business impact
Great people, good benefits, and your own office
You will work with some of the brightest minds in the industry. The technology is amazing if you are passionate about seeing the future, this is a great place to do it. Satya is a good leader who is genuinely trying to change the company for the better.
Great Benefits and flexible work hours.
Lifestyle, structure, good culture on specific teams
Really like the work and the challenge. There is always something new and interesting to learn and or discover. The work is engaging and meaningful. Don't have to do to many mundane things.
Great Benefits for all employees
Excellent benefits, pay is much better than my previous role.
Great culture, salary, benefits. Plenty of smart people to work with. Many opportunities to change careers.
Good benefits and WFH isn't a problem.
A great place to work with a multitude of talented people.
Flexible work environment is a plus
Great engineers at grass root level
problem scope, fighting nature, persistence, customer obsession
Good work-life balance Overall good calibre of people
Nice work life balance, nice people.
Strong cultural values and inspiring vision amongst senior leadership
Loved the innovation, challenging envt and constant change
Excellent pay, good benefits, flexible hours
Microsoft is full of some of the smartest people I've ever worked with. GREAT benefits.
Ability to move to different groups when a project finishes up. This was my second go around with Microsoft.
Very good culture and welcoming. Balance worklife and personal life
Remote work, ability to take on projects, autonomy, work life balance
Reasonably smart people, (mostly) stable culture, decent work-life balance achievable.
Things have dramatically better when compared to few years ago, very nimble, lot of emphasis on cloud.
As an FTE, the benefits were great. The people you get to work with are great. The projects you get to work on are impactful and interesting.
When I joined the company it was absolutely great to work there (13 years ago). Back then I would have given the company 5+ stars (seriously).
The culture and the atmosphere are incredible. The people are friendly and always willing to help you out.
They expect fast results because well that is how businesses work it is a nurturing environment Free to talk to anyone Open office culture (Sometimes gets noisy) Great morale boosting employee activities Great colleagues
Good working environment, good people
Good benefits. Civilized work environment. Flexibility to work on projects that interest us.
Great work life balance, the company does a good job of balancing work with the rest of your social life
Microsoft projects are challenging to implement and people are great to work with.
Great benefits, free drinks, challenging work
Good pay  Free drinks  Free Orca card  Lots of exposure to new, cutting edge technologies and worldwide teams impacting the way civilization continues to progress  Lots of holidays
Great place to begin career
- Great people to work with -Work/life balance
Great company!Great employer!Go apply now!
Microsoft hires smart people and uses them well.
Stability, trusted, vast career options, supportive community, superb pay and benefits
Great vision, great CEO, cool products
Excellent access to teams and resources to learn the craft of software development without the stress of
Amazing benefits & perks. Great pay. Extremely unique, eye opening experience
Great teams and people. There were some orgs that had more politics than others. People are open to discussion and culture is pretty good.
The company is a dream to work for. Good pay and excellent benefits. Great team members and management is almost consistently great.
You'll get great benefits and opportunities to grow your knowledge, access to hot speakers who come in to share their knowledge and experiences, and access to many forward thinkers whom you can tap.  There are many employee interest and advocacy groups to involve yourself. The main campus is beautiful.  I work in a great group that believes in the "growth mindset" that Satya Nadella supports and evangelizes. Mistakes are opportunities to learn and grow. We are the new Microsoft.
Great work-life balance (I am never expected to work more than 8 hours a day), individual offices (although this is quickly changing in the newer buildings), amazing benefits
Microsoft is a great environment in terms of the creature comforts... offices are good... equipment is great. Pay is good. Opportunities abound to work on great stuff. Benefits aren't as good as they used to be but still are good. Their giving program is literally the best. People vary like any large company but in general there are good folks at the executional level.
Get to work with great devs and technology.
Stock awards were good. Good professional training classes. Met some really smart colleagues in the time at Msft. Developed processes.
Good structure and stability, pay is great.
Good benefits, relaxed culture, secure
Microsoft is a great place to work, and the benefits are top-notch, especially for families. The company offers great work-life balance for those who want it. The work itself can range from boring to very interesting depending on the team that you join. Regardless though, you'll be working with some of the smartest people you'll ever meet.
lot of smart people and cutting edge technology/products to work on.
Flexible schedule (but depends on the team/workload), downtime
Great people and family friendly culture. Location in Redmond is great for kids education.
Best in the industry, sharing encouraged.
Good Benefit for employee and lay back job
Huge number of teams and projects to work on. Great work-life balance. Great benefits.
Great benefits, salary, ability to move around to other teams, products. Company has lots of irons in the fire which makes it a stable environment to work.
Good Benefits, large company usually means a lot of places to transfer without having to leave.
Cutting edge technology and great work life balance
Great benefits, job security and some wonderful people
Good salary Good benefits Challenging environment Smart people around
One of few really global companies
The products are improving, but still not working well across my desktop
Smart people, challenging, growth mindset
positive work environment and growth potential
A great place to work with a multitude of talented people.
big company, lots of options for jobs if you move to Seattle
Job security. If you just want a comfortable corporate job where you can get by as long as you align yourself to people that influence your GM, then you don't even have to work hard. However, if your passionate about driving impact and doing whats best for customer and company as a whole, regardless if it impacts your direct org and GM, then you're wasting your time. The company won't reward you for those efforts and your efforts will be unnoticed.
Satya is turning this company around in huge ways. Proud to be a Microsoftian!
Work/Life Balance. Family oriented. Career stability
moderate pay scale. Not the best, but not the worst. Good benefits
You will get to work on cutting edge technology
work life balance, flexible work hours
Great benefits and good job security. Better work life balance than most startups.
It is a great company to work for. Great people and benefits.
Benfits, benefits, benefits, benefits, and mostly benefits.
Many internal career opportunities, opportunity to work with smart, focused people from around the world.
Very competitive and good salary
Good Salary & Benefits Excellent direction and momentum set by Satya
Working on cutting edge technologies, endless potential for growth.
Amazing products, amazing people, fantastic training and opportunity.
Company treats its employees good. Smart people.
If you love technology and know what your talking about-this is a great fit for you. Benefits beyond compare, PTO accrues as you work, 401k match, HSA and more..........
Satya Nadella is an inspiring leader who is approachable and highly intelligent. He is the reason to work for Microsoft. The company pays well and the benefits are good.
Good company, great team and supportive management
The people at Microsoft are great. The benefits are outstanding. Seattle is an amazing place to live.
Good pay, great people. Always in the fast lane. If you works hard and show up everyday, you will be rewarded.
Decent salary, great benefits, and commute
Super flexible - they accommodate all the hours to you Pay is amazing for a part time gig - $15/hr CDN  The job was really exciting and easy, especially for the money and the perks (getting to play around with a surface book)
Great benefits and freedom to move in company
Benefits and prestige are great. Work in not difficult and the culture Is shifting to a growth mindset culture. They are bringing new blood.
Amazing benefits and health packages Partner discounts Travel for work. Training now often in the main campus in Redmond. Meet real influences to the consumer products channel Insanely good tuition reimbursement - so long as you are in an approved field Flexible retail schedule Paid time off accumulates very quickly Quarterly bonus paid based off store performance
Lots - depending on what org you work in and what product or service you support.
Pros include your medical and any other additional benefits like, snacks, drinks, PTO, fitness stipend, tuition stipend, stock purchase, 401k and access to Microsoft Lawyers.
Microsoft takes great care of their employees. Great benefits, travel opportunity, and experiences.
Good pay, excellent benefits, lots of opportunity to move, relaxed work environment, flexible hours
Takes wonderful care of employees, really diverse workforce, best benefits, one of worlds biggest charity donors, Great CEO.
Microsoft really equipped consultants to be ambassadors of the company. Training opportunities and expectations were excellent. Hardware budget was adequate.
Good benefits Really liked most of the people on my team
Nice work environment and learning experience
New and interesting problems to solve day to day
+ Strong vision and company direction + Great benefits (although not as great as they used to be) + A lot of openness and trust among peers, at least in the field organization + Strong emphasis on career development + Culture of mobility within the company - changing roles and moving to different divisions is encouraged, you don't get stuck in a "career track" if you don't want to
- Time of change and challenge with new leadership
Good salary and benefits Access to many resources Process oriented culture Smart colleagues
Good product vision, cloud business on solid footing and growing. Organization streamlining happening, benefits are very good, access to whatever software you need. Employee related tools and services are very good. Facilities very good.
- Work/life balance - Career growth taken seriously - Opportunities to work on different areas - Freedom to how you work - Benefits are very good
Work-life balance which is very important for people with family. Good benefits.
Many driven and passionate folks whom you can learn from
Competitive salary Benefits are great Life work balance is top priority for the company Company is in sync and make sure that everybody is working as a team
Benefits, culture, brand, education, and team environment.
Very good company as a first job
Good work environment. Healthy learning environment
A chance to interact with various talented engineer. Employee benefits are really good from health, daycare and fitness. Huge main campus with good facilities.
bennies and location are great
The campus is great. Benefits is good for employee has family.
The job is like any retail Job, but their benefits are so so good. Its a company that will take care of their employees.
Challenging work, great people to work with who are very bright and energetic. Company is going through a transformation that is exciting!
A lot of challenging and interesting work. Great work environment Good compensation package.
Good career growth. Socially conscious and diverse.
Benefits, pay, stock, technology, leadership
-Unparalleled benefits, compensation, and flexibility. I was trusted to do my work on my time, allowing me to take long weekends, travel to see my family and set the schedule that worked best for me. A great place for parents and people with family obligations -Smart, good people -The ability to work on some of the biggest tech products in the world -Resources abound
With a few exclusion this is a great company, beautiful campus, nice workers, who- for the most part, appear happy
Good pay, passionate work force
I think now that MS has real competition, it has sharpened its focus, has become more open minded and has broadened its willingness to consider new opportunities, risks, and models, even open source which was blasphemous back in the days of mR. ballmer.  Glad to see Satya in charge (and ballmer long gone). Its a good time to consider MS!
Great opportunities to work on innovative solutions..
Best place to work if you want to work on some of the greatest technology products that touches millions of people
Flexible work hours, convenient location, interesting work, good collaboration, company investing in employee growth, improved review system, possibility to move between teams to find your match
None left, every single thing that was cool about MS is long gone
atmosphere, environment, clever people, flexibility, remote working
Great people, interesting and challenging work, changing the world, delighting customers
The vision and direction of the company, coupled with the personal attention you get is amazing!
large scale. plenty of resources
Great benefits, smart people, very respectful of diversity
Great Company with a lot of opportunity. Great pay, Great benefits, fun fast passed environment. I love learning and this is a place for growth and learning. I have been with the company for 15 years + and love the changes that come with being in this environment.
Microsoft was a great company and the options for growth are big. Or so they were.
This company has good pay and benefits.
One of the best work life balances out there.
World class strategic leadership, heading in the right direction
Free stuff, big franchises, nice office, big company
Work culture, benefits, compensation, colleagues and work
Lots of freedom on software development, few restrictions.
Purpose. Vision. Strength. CEO.
good free low pressure small
Mos of the people are terrific, smart and motivated. Usually helpful but can be territorial if sensing encroachment. Appreciate the diversity in the company.
Benefits, Growth, Worklife, Learning, Activities
Amazing opportunities across the company to deliver results.
Generous benefits and unlimited opportunities to learn and grow. In many teams the hours of work can be flexible which make the life of employees with kids a lot easier.
Great benefits, good people, nice times.
Enormous scope - million of users and billions in revenue
Get to work on software used by millions of people.
Competitive pay, great reward system, acknowledges high quality work, awesome benefits
Impact, breadth, experience, people, customers
1. Hundreds of projects of various size and maturity. 2. Each group is different, some feel like startups and some feel like institutions 3. Very low friction for moving between teams or groups. Escape boredom or bad coworkers with ease.
Salary and bonuses are ok
access to power at your customers, a broad portfolio of solutions, some really talented people, tons of growth paths for someone willing to move
Great Flexibility and Career Development
-Great work environment, benefits, pay. Work and coworkers are fun. No micromanaging. Feel like you are having an impact.
Great Technology, Great Benefits, Great People
Good benefits Good work-life balance Stable Famous Lots of teams
Adjustable hours that help with work/life balance.
Working with people that drive you to improve yourself fosters a great working environment.
Great People, Great Problems to Solve
Company has a good culture, with lots of good people. Provides good facilities and employee resources to get the job done. Well known name that looks good on your resume. Work life balance is outstanding compared to the large alternatives.
Great concept for cloud services.
A lot of good people to work with who want to GSD. Microsoft needs to find these people and promote them quicker. Management is looking at turning the company at large around, and it is really working. It is a big ship, so it does take longer than some can handle. Good focus on career management and good opportunities for training/personal development. In the right department of this huge company, there are great career opportunities, and a good chance to make a big impact. Right now the right departments seem to include Azure and the non-Windows portions of Office. LinkedIn might be interesting soon as well.
Great Benefits, very laid back culture, very dedicated to supporting the community
Microsoft is a great corporate citizen. Surrounded by in large, by diverse and smart talent. A great environment for continued learning.
Lots of smart passionate people. Technology created here touches 1 billion people. Employees donate lots of $$$ to charity and Microsoft matches.
The Microsoft Store team is very unique within Microsoft. We sell all Microsoft (and select third-party) consumer-facing products, and we get to work directly with our customers (B2C). This is the "front line" of our consumer business.
Very strong CEO with vision. Good benefits. One of the best work life balance.
Good benefits, good product strategy in Cloud and future direction. If you're content to make so-so money in Sales, and like big company internal complexity, this is a good place
A lot of opportunities, big company, varieties of cultures and teams
Learn cutting edge technology. Bias for younger employees. Decent pay and benefits. Good to place to learn but do not get too comfortable, the 'up or out' culture continues.
Microsoft offers the opportunity to work with some of the most talented individuals in the tech world and with some of the best technologies.
It has Flexible work culture
Advancement, training, great strategy, CEO with vision and executional ability. Caring environment, good work life balance, great Corp social responsibility
Great benefits, Good networking possibilities. I learned a lot from my colleagues.
Challenging work, opportunity for growth, good salary and benefits. Good work life balance.
Great Data Scientist projects and learning opportunities
Made Millions and Millions and Millions!!!!
They provide many opportunities to learn about software development at a larger scale. You will work with many very competent colleagues.
Great benefits and some wonderful people to work with, and a great place to always learn something new.
progressive culture, work flexibility, compensation,
great job love it here
Great benefits, great learning environment and working here gives you real hands-on experience to grow your skills.
Great benefits, smart colleagues, and lots of interesting work to be found.
There are extraordinarily talented people who made me want to come to work every day, the management engenders an inclusive and positive culture that can be seen in little things that are hard to fake, and the sheer size, presence and reputation of the company makes it far easier to access customers and prospects.
equal opportunity for female engineers
Great company and leadership. Great benefits. Smart people.
Cutting edge technology, good work life balance
Great atmosphere, great people. Good benefits, and access to outside sports facilities.
Work on cutting edge tech  Takes care of health!  Good perks like - 3 month parental leave, no dress code  Broad spectrum of tech teams - to move around & try
The pay and benefits are ok.
great, visionary, hard driving, leaders
Do cool stuff Work across functions
Work Life balance, Packages salariale
You _can_ have a healthy work-life balance.  Able to ask product teams and get authoritative software and design answers.  Decent hardware.  Free soda!
Great opportunity to learn and improve web technologies and Microsoft products
Work on exciting tech and products, with truly talented and nice people. Good pay and benefits. Be pampered by all the advantages of working for a large enterprise.
Great company to work for
Total compensation and benefits, Opportunity to influence the IT field
Work/Life balance is amazing. Great benefits for new families
Work culture, benefits, compensation, colleagues and work
Challenging work.
Great place to learn and grow. Very smart people.
Its awesome place to work. Lot of scope for learning and you get to own some of the components which is great
Good work environment and collaborative focus
Great Benefits and competitive salary
Leadership in technology industry . Great ip Focus on cloud , analytics and digital transformation Great people , benefits and pay package
Benefits salary environment people inclusion
Very many growth opportunities and job varieties.
Collaboration, Innovation, a great place to work
amazing culture, CEO is wonderful, benefits, people
Nice mentors and manager like them
Good work life balance is good
Great pay and benefits with challenging work
MICROSOFT is the place to be when looking at who is leading the industry digital transformation. Technical thought leadership .
Company into lots of arenas
Diversity in product offerings, people, and opinions. Access to amazing people, but talent appears to be gradually getting diluted. On campus shopping, restaurants, banks, etc. Wonderful sports in spring and summer.
great benefits, challenging projects awesome company to work. Great work culture
Leadership, innovation opportunities to grow and develop your career. Holistic 360 degree assessment review process. Team collaboration. Decent pay and pay for performance.
Some great opportunities working here
Great Benefits! 401k and matching is simply amazing l love the legal benefits that they offer to all employees m
Talented engineers and supportive manager.
When you find a good team, it's a great environment. But the politics are a pain.
The name says it all
Autonomy in your work Rewards for achievement Smart people
industry leader. Strong engineer culture. Lots of talent engineers and leaders,lots of great products. Gain Good reputation if you have ever been a ms engineer
Fun, challenging, some of the coolest products were shipped from this company.
Super smart people, huge range of professional opportunity
There is an emphasis on work-life balance. There is a feeling that everyone on my team wants me to succeed.
Great learning opportunities and mobility within company
Relaxed environment. Good compensation, great benefits.
Great people to work with, deep history in different areas.
good challenges, good talent, work-life balance
big company and good health insurance
large organization. good insight into how a large corporation functions.
Strategic business goals have improved.
Wonderful experience - will come back
Cool problems to solve. New buildings are a nice env to work in.
Awesome company. Friendly Work Space
Good salary, perks and benefits
Great environment, flexibility and smart people
Great tech challenges to solve
Great benefits and opportunities to work on products that are used and loved around the world
Good Employer, Awesome benefits. Good work life balance
Plenty of different projects to work on, you should be able to find your niche. Good compensation, easy parking, short commute if you live on the eastside, on-site health clinic and tons of other amenities, membership to the Pro Club which is the best possible gym, a culture that cares about its employees and the betterment of society. You can use Windows and .NET for your development.
Working with great people, very good pay and benefits, ability to learn, lots of training
+ Work on products impacting millions of people around the word + Flexible work timings + Surrounded by brilliant like-minded people
Global exposure. High level of responsibilities
Excellent Work life Balance and people oriented company
Reasonable expectations for work/life balance Excellent salary Great working environment - standard large corporate advantages and perks.
Great benefits, lots of options to grow once FTE
-Strong work-life balance -Strong commitment to engineering (mostly)
- Flexibility - Ability to transfer internally to work on different technologies - Good benefits
Amazing benefits. They really take care of you here.
Great if you are INDIAN, forget it if you are a White Man for sure
Smart people, innovation & strong collaboration. Agile environment that encourages out of the box thinking and a growth mindset. Fabulous CEO
Great people - fun, smart, collaborative, innovative.
Freedom to work on side projects.
Technology, Vision, Innovation, Execution and Benefits
Low pay. Given managers responsibilities regularly.
Freedom to work with great people
- can change group - huge variety of projects - generally nice people - can talk to anyone - great benefits - nice campus and facilities
Excellent work atmosphere, plenty of opportunities to explore and grow, excellent pay and benefits, so many people and resources to learn from!
Not very demanding work, good salary, some of the people were very nice. My manager was amazing.
Great opportunity. Flexibility, learning opportunity
Excellent benefits. Great pay. Career counseling is available. You can reach out to anyone inside the company
Great meaningful work! Workplace is full of genuine, intelligent people
Very Good Benefits Package - inclusive of 50% 401K match
In front on technology, good salary and decent working hours with focus on work life balance
Under new CEO Satya Nadella, Microsoft is heading in a whole new direction - customer focus, AI, and diversity/inclusion. It's a really fun place to work. There also seems to be better work-life balance here than I've seen for my friends at Silicon Valley tech companies. The Seattle area is just great for that.
Amazing benefits Great work life balance Fantastic pay Positive culture Trust in CEO Exciting new moves by the company Nice campus
- Great place to expand/master your skills - A mission to believe in
Great company, great people, great respect for work/life balance and support for women
Scale and scope of business provides a rewarding experience, individual impact and immense career opportunities over most other companies
Company has clarity in strategic direction, culture and ambitions. Very positive under Satya's leadership
You get to work on big projects that affect millions of customers. The company is making the right moves to increase its share of the cloud software market. You will not be bored, you can't hide out in any safe teams.
A large company that respective and appreciated diversity in people and views
Great Management, Flexible, Great Culture
1. The job comes with good benefits. 2. Due to being a larger company, there is opportunity to move around laterally to find a position that fits you, but you have to be very proactive about it. 3. Good work/life balance. Most benefits seem somewhat catered to family people who don't want to work late.
pros pro pro professional it is professional
Innovation, Benefits, Values, Technology, Global, Good management, Diverse and Inclusive
Benefits, good salaries, lots of flexibility in terms of work/life, chance to work in really cool projects.
Inclusive work environment, understand the importance of work-life balance, good benefits and salary.
If you can imagine it, you can likely make it happen. If you are a great collaborator and influencer, you can be successful here.
Some of the best people I've ever worked with in a fun and collaborative environment.
Very talented people, motivated and with drive for results
Provides you with an optimal environment to do your best work and the large size of the intern program makes it easy to make connections outside your team/product.
Love it! Awesome place to work.
Pay, benefits, growth within the company that's parallel to retail
Lots of opportunities for development and growth
Incredible company vision and culture since Satya Nadella came in and almost infinite career opportunities once you're on the inside since the company is so large, penetrating almost every market in the world and the product range is quite diversified. Never feel pigeon-holed in your role, and management is always pushing you to upskill in new areas and grow your career.
Able to work on various projects.
I loved the culture of the company. I love learning and I loved the new challenges.
Challenging problems to work on. Good pay and benefits. Great development tools.
good salary good benefits good company to retire at
Smart people hard problems and good benefits
Great Pay and Benefits, constantly learning new technology.
Opportunity to work on cutting edge technology, competitive salary.
growth opportunities, flexibility, great benefites
People centric, brilliant people, super diverse, lot's of areas for innovation, work life balance.
Working with customers directly to give them their perfect software and hardware combination, and teaching them how to use it.
Awesome tech and great benefits
good working environment, nice colleague, collaboration working style
If in the right group, lots of cutting-edge possibilities.
Culture is making a huge change in the right direction to be more modern and inline with the rest of the technology industry, including startups.
Heading in right direction with cloud. Still behind amazon but trying hard to catch up. Customer want to hear about solutions.
Great salary & benefits! Ability to work remotely at times is very helpful. Recent doubling of stock price over the past several years is awesome.
great company there is a lot to learn here
Benefits, awesome people, cool place
Great Benefits and Flexiable Schedule
Great Benefits  Work-Life Balance: They stick to this promise as much as possible, even still making the attempt when business causes the request for increased flexibility from the employee during busier times.  Learning And Career Development Opportunities: Many areas of the business that allow for increased knowledge of how the technology business works and help with career development when time makes it available.  Opportunity to see and work with the latest and greatest technologies out there.  Alot of networking face-time with industry partners both big and small.
Philanthropic nature and growth mindset
Diverse teams, easy transfers between teams and work with some of the smartest people
Microsoft benefits were the best.
Under Satya's leadership, Microsoft is transforming into a modern, innovative, exceptional organization. Microsoft cares about its employees, helps you successfully navigate your career and offers the opportunity to invent the future.
Great company to work for, great benefits
- Great compensation and benefits - Huge variety of products and technologies to work on - The company and most managers care about their employees - Flexibility to manage work/life balance
I enjoyed the working atmosphere.
Great benefits and compensation, a lot of flexibility in shaping own work/responsibility
Benefits are second to none
Decent pay and benefits. Good exposure to competitive environment and coworkers are generally good to work with. Cafeteria on site.
Great people, whiling to teach useful skills
Good benefits, constant learning, motivation
Great company to work for
Pay is good. Visibility to Microsoft business and culture
-work life balance -good pay -brand -SOME good, smart people -learning opportunities
Good work life balance. People are good to each other. The connector bus fleet makes living in Seattle possible. Company is headed in right direction.
easy transition, career development trainings
awesome work culture, passionate people
Great work life balance. Excellent pay Huge reach/impact
Flexible work hours, good pay, benefits.
Great for college students  Easy retail job
Great work life balance. Excellent pay Huge reach/impact
Flexible work hours, good pay, benefits.
Sad people to work with
big company with ample potential and opportunity
The people were nice to work with
I worked in a very flexible team and have the chance to work on anything I find interesting, in particular I had the chance to collaborate with Microsoft Research even though my is a SDE
The work at Microsoft is challenging and work culture is good.
- Good for waiting your retirement to come - Very good for people who like political battles - Might be a good work life balance if you land to a good team (which is rare)
Great work / life balance, leadership is driving the right culture for the company (though it takes time to change culture), great benefits package.
Good compensation package and working environment. Nice colleagues. Good top leadership team.
Great benefits for the whole family
Great place to work and free drinks
Talented people, perks, brand name, work atmosphere and culture
very smart and driven people, it is what you make it to be.
Amazing work life balance, a huge talented pool of employees, great projects and avenues to work on and awesome benefits
Lots of opportunities, smart people, great customers, stock growing nicely
Benefits, colleagues, technology, innovation, opportunity
stable no layoff good for family
Very flexible, allows for good working hours.
My position here was a T3 customer support role. It was very analytical and challenging which I think is great and keeps things interesting. I worked with a team that was very flexible in terms of schedule accomodations, the tenured people I worked with were great we all got a long and worked well as a team.
My position here was a T3 customer support role. It was very analytical and challenging which I think is great and keeps things interesting. I worked with a team that was very flexible in terms of schedule accomodations, the tenured people I worked with were great we all got a long and worked well as a team.
Good benefits, good training opportunities if you in the right team
better than average benefits, nice offices,
Great Place to work, great benefits.
1. Benefits/Comp - especially for non technical professionals 2. Smart People 3. Ability to make big impact 4. Autonomy
Great benefits, hard working teams, ability to promote from within
I liked working at Microsoft.
good benefits. fast moving work. Action based company
Fast paced, excellent pay and benefits, interesting work, ability to make an impact since the org is still so new.
interesting work, good colleagues
Great technology (MSFT stack) and amazing people. There are not many companies that have such opportunities to work on deep technology that has wide impact.
Good pay, good perks, great benefits
Great compensation, great learning environment, lots of support.
Networking is fundamental to getting traction, you dictate your success by understanding how the firm goes to market
Flexible hours, customer facing, great work life balance, good community
Great benefits health and bonus's
We have turned a corner in terms of being more nimble
the perks and work life balance are really good
works with very smart people, good place to start a career
+ good benefits + travel if you want it + can work remotely without issue + huge company security
Pay, benefits and people. Amazing culture of authenticity. Focus on delivering impact and making the company better. Rare to find this mindset elsewhere.
manage all kind of it projects
In downtown, on top of Vancouver city center
Nice benefits, some orgs can be slow paced for ease of stress (or Azure which is a constant deathmarch)
Good benefits and work life balance - b/c people are not very busy
Microsoft has such diverse portfolio of products that you can experience different technologies and product areas in your career. Very nice benefits package.
Paid above market Good culture Scope of growth
Great CEO and vision. Commitment to customers & quality products (no more Vista, ever again). All-in on cloud.
Great benefits, generally good work culture, competitive pay considering stock grants and stock options
smart people around. lot of learning
many projects/products under many teams - so you can get chance to work on wide spectrum of projects. comparatively better work life balance and open culture than few other big companies.
Good health insurance Bonus and stock options are good in long term You can plan your office schedule and nothing like 9-5 job. It is flexible and only thing they care is work to be done in time
Brand name, still a high-tech and open-minded company.
Great benefit package. Each team has different culture.
Great freebies, good WFH policy
Great food, great quality of life. Good people. Pretty relaxed atmosphere and a nice diversity of people. Pretty cushy. Beautiful campus.
Great, smart, friendly people. Benefits are great, software and hardware provided is very decent. Better than average work-life balance.
Great work/life balance and decent pay
Expanded products, being sold at competitive prices, which makes pre-sales excellent. The technology is amazing, and we're getting "Faster" at getting to market.
Super flexible work/life/balance. Challenging job but small campus - best of both worlds.
Good benefits. Good salary. Nice tech.
Good work life balance, open minded culture, encouraged learning
They take care of you really well
Brand name, still a high-tech and open-minded company.
- Good Work culture - Decent Benefits - Exciting work (depends on the team) - Tons of opportunities
Compensation Budgets Global reach and impact Positive momentum
Nice benefits and compensation package
benefits provided by the company
Great experience, pay, and benefits
Smart people. Opportunities for development. Access to resources. HR tools to really understand the value of your compensation and benefits and how to invest your 401K. Very professionally done annual training process's and requirements.
Free soda is still in play, stock price on the rise, lots of places in the company to work if you're not happy where you are.
Work with people who are passionate about what they do and care for the greater good. Fantastic management who have your interest in mind and will find the best fit for you even it means moving you to another group.
Relax worry free. Potential for future
Microsoft is an amazing company with a diversity of businesses that is impressive. Colleagues were friendly, and got ample responsibility from the start.
Great company, awesome people to work with
The benefits and pay are amazing, if you get in the right group you will thrive.
Great team members and projects can be interesting challenges (but dated, mostly refactorings or copying existing competition features)
Smart co-workers, customer focused, decent perks
Microsoft really cares about their employees
50% 401k match. Free coffee. Sports memberships. Laid back atmosphere. I would highly recommend this company. Work life balance is not only respected, it is encouraged. My experience has been great.
50% 401k match. Free coffee. Sports memberships. Laid back atmosphere. I would highly recommend this company. Work life balance is not only respected, it is encouraged. My experience has been great.
Working in a fast paced environment with the opportunity to experienced advanced & evolving technology at work. There is never a time to feel bored as changes is the only constant in this company ! Flexible working culture allows employees to have work-life integration.
Excellent culture. Have the right personality and you will immediately be a good fit.
Good benefits and good line item on your resume.
The benefits are really great
- Great benefits - Good Pay - Management sometimes tries to make work fun by throwing get-togethers and getting catering - Learn a lot in your first few months
Good work/life balance Many projects with high impact Lots of options to move around, work on different things The needle has definitely moved from "not relevant" to "worth a look" People are very respectful of each other
Flexible hours, ability to work from home, incredible benefits, good w/l balance, treat employees well
work life balance, profits, etc.
Pushing out old thinking mentalities - fresh perspectives
Good health benefits and compensation
Autonomy, meritocratic approach, huge opportunity for impact, and incredible benefits.
Excellent compensation and benefits. Lots of interesting projects and ability to move around the company. Fantastic work/life balance around most of the company. Be part of something big - scale is "built-in" to everything.
Great benefits, most people are awesome
You get what you put in. If you want a good work life balance you can do that and be successful or if you want to put in a lot of extra hours you'll be recognized. Great pay and benefits. Inclusive culture. Easy to move around to other teams if you want to. My friends who were hired with me and didn't click with their first teams have mostly found new teams that they enjoy better.
Steady pay. Location good. Benefits good.
Good vacation. Generous salaries. Some WFH ability (though this varies widely by manager)
Can be proud of a part of one of the biggest IT product
Culture, free drinks and snacks, stretch assignments paid.
Innovative again. Huge business opportunities in a very wide variety of business units. Shared goals across teams / orgs help to concentrate the efforts.
Benefits, Work-Life Balance, Good School District around the Bellevue Redmond area. The city is also nice and is liberal, focuses on the environment
Medical benefits, Selection of teams, Managers who understand work-life balance, Smart people.
-Free Soda - Healthcare isn't the worse in the industry - Pay is ok in the industry
Can be proud of a part of one of the biggest IT product
Amazing benefits, Competitive pay, (Small) Bonuses, Free Surface tablet, Microsoft Office and other perks
Visionary management, Innovative products and services, Over-achieving employees, Amazing culture
Good benefits and great people to learn from.
Good salaries, and good benefits.
creative freedom, aggressive product releases, technology
Great opportunity to grow your career, well respected employer, top notch benefits and good work-life balance. Company values and opportunity to give back to the community are really great
Great opportunity to grow your career, well respected employer, top notch benefits and good work-life balance. Company values and opportunity to give back to the community are really great
The culture and beliefs of the company make you feel good to work for someone who cares so much about its customers and employees
good benefits, good office space, casual and fun atmosphere
great benefits and competitive salary
Good company, nice projects, smart people.
Ample opportunities and challenging career. Many talented, professional software engineering teams involved to support world-class services.
- Meaningful intern projects - Great diversity of teams: Microsoft has their hands on absolutely everything, so you get to talk to a lot of very smart and interesting people. - Probably has the best intern benefits out there. - Intern events are amazing. - I've had great mentors - It's a great time to join Microsoft in the midst of its reinvention
With the new applications being developed and acquired, Microsoft is at the top of their game.
Great Place to work. !
Great company for contract employment. Worked there as a contract employee for nearly 18 years.
The career development and opportunities are endless. The culture is fantastic. Everyone is so helpful and genuine achieving goals is easy. The benefits are top notch. Microsoft's total compensation is amazing. There is a very strong emphasis on ethics which is really reflected in the culture.
Culture, People, Technology, Perks, Opportunities
Opportunity to work with smart passionate people. Good benefits including health insurance and stock options. Competitive salary.
Knowledgeable Peers, Lots of travel, Yearly team building events.
Great Pay, a lot of innovation techniques
With the new applications being developed and acquired, Microsoft is at the top of their game.
Agile, collaborative environment. The "one" microsoft way is refreshing and makes MS an entirely new company vs the Ballmer era.
Great benefits and work life balance, some truly exciting teams and projects to work on
There are a lot of very bright people who are passionate about technology. In a short amount of time, the CEO has helped to restore the company's image as that of an innovator rather than a follower, and made needed changes to help MS become more competitive in the cloud game. Customers and partners alike are excited about Microsoft technology again and that is exciting to see.
You learn a ton about technology, software and hardware. Amazing benefits for a retail job. Soft skills grow immensely. Build great relationships with customers and co-workers.
a lot of resource to learn and grow
Your colleagues. The breadth of technical investment and know how. Satya, and the changes being made to be more customer obsessed and nimble.
Teammates and everyone I worked with on various projects were incredibly hard-working, professional, and positive. Even with project and scope changes -- which can be challenging -- we managed to adjust and support each other. I could always count on people to do what they say they are going to do.
Good benefits, reasonable vacation, reasonably nice spaces,
I've had some exceptional roles over the years, high innovation, exciting teams, big impact.
Great learning and good pay
Definitely a major change in culture since Satya came on as CEO
So many successful and interesting product areas to work on, support to change roles internally for personally growth, strategic direction from leadership is really reinvigorating the company
Lots of pride involved in working with Microsoft. For the most part, I felt like my team consisted of a bunch of talented, dedicated professionals.
Good benefits, middle of the road pay and bonuses, Awesome development tools
Really great benefits, usually understanding of life situations, flexible hours, competitive pay.
Great compensation, benefits, talent and resources!
-The environment you work in allows you to think outside the box easily. -the culture makes you feel like you are part of a family
Easy going culture, lots of different projects, flexibility in hours, benefits, 401k
Benefits are good, pay is reasonable, stable and a great resume win. Management is sometimes hit or miss but that's normal for any company imo.
Flexible working hours, Cutting edge project
Great benefits! Ok Perks You get access to ALL Microsoft products to do your job Worklife balance is great, sometimes it may be too good.
MS has lots of good opportunities.
Various products to work with, some nice and smart people
Fantastic brand, it's an immediate conversation starter and attention grabber when people realize you work for Microsoft. Also, there are phenomenal people that work in this company. My peers and employees have enhanced my working relationship with Microsoft beyond words. There are some amazing opportunities as well, if you ensure that you're the obvious choice and best fit for those opportunities. Innovation and unique experiences are welcomed and appreciated in most orgs (though surprisingly frowned upon in others). I've gained more substantial experience from Microsoft than any other organization I've worked for. Though there are ups and downs as in any employee-employer relationship, I wouldn't trade the time I've worked at Microsoft for anything. I feel more optimistic about my future outside of the company because of my accomplishments inside of the company.
Microsoft has a passion to give all people access to all software
An excellent workplace that cultivates talent, invests in you as an employee, and offers so many different career paths.
Top notch technology to work upon, good staff and descent work environment
Wonderful Talent at all levels. Compensation is very good and the path to the cloud has changed the company for the better.
Opportunity to work on high impact projects. Many options to move around within the company. Possibility for meaningful career growth from within.
Great work-life balance. Overall very good benefits. You will be working with some very smart people in the industry.
I worked at MS for 7 great years. I learned a ton about how to build software, how to collaborate effetively, and how to manage a team. Some of my best friends came from my time working there, and there are so many really smart people there.
-Most people are passionate to create good products and good experiences for the customer -Lots of different job opportunities. There are hundreds of teams in Microsoft. You can work on anything from games, to main stream products, to hardware, to research projects. I had jobs in many different groups over my years there because I decided I wanted to try a new product. Also, you can change disciplines. I've seen many people want to change disciplines and they started getting experience in there current group and either took over the role in there current group or moved to a new group. -The clique of there are lots of smart people there, and there are.
I found Microsoft to take care of people pretty well. I was part of the handset business Microsoft bought from Nokia.
- Great compensation package & benefits - Smart people - Hard problems - Ability to work on products that are used by 1B people
structured work, good benefits, great location.
-Benefits -Pay -Work and life balance -Good location
Very competitive salary Nice benefits and perks
World class software firm. A good place to learn the in and out of software development. Have been with the company for many years. Many opportunities to move around to different groups. Very diverse set of software and services being developed.
Best organization to work with.
Flexible hours, great medical benefit, Able to impact more people in the world.
Benefits were great, discounts on xbox games.
Pay is good Benefits are on par with industry (not exceptional). Location
Financially the company is still strong and has enough funding to make a difference in the industry. It can survive many of the past and current mistakes.
Good salary and benefits, wide range of work opportunities
Good benefits, good environment, good pay
Good people and environment. Good to start
Culture, Senior Management, Customer Focus
Co-workers were very good and helpful.
One of the few software companies left that allows you to work in a small team but still have impact on a global scale. Lots of really smart and motivated people.
* Very competitive salary * Nice benefits and perks * You are very mobile in your career * Relatively open to relocation * Certain managers are very proactive about work/life balance
Large company with many exciting opportunities and job mobility. Well resourced with promising long term strategy. Compensation and benefits are generous.
Challenging work and great work culture. People are helpful and provides full freedom for innovation and experiment new ideas.
Camaraderie is strong, the people I work with are amazing, I have made some life long friends. Opportunity to significantly grow my skills and add value to my team.
Smart people, flexible hours most of the time, good managers, good upside potential for career development and compensation bonsus
Working with great, smart people. Get to work on cool tech. A lot of independence - I've never had a micro-managing manager. Collaborative environment. Really good benefits.
Nice office, nice team. Good cafe and free drinks
Smart people, great opportunities and great rewards for the right business impact. Great managers treat you like family not a resource. Because of the size of the company there are diverse set of challenges and roles that you can take on and excel at. You get to work on products that impact millions of users.
Great Environment, Smart People, Incredibly Rewarding.
Great company to work for.
- Super smart co-workers - Good understanding of how a big company operates - Great learning of technology and useful things like email etiquette (yeah, thats a thing) - Amazing benefits and stock options
Great benefits. Solid people.
good work life balance. free soda. beautiful campus
Great benefits, world-class engineering talent, good compensation
Microsoft is a solid reliable big company. A bad experience with one team doesn't mean you can't have a fabulous experience with another team within it. Its certainly a good company to learn your software craft, and also a great company if you are looking for a stable environment to work.
Having Microsoft on your resume may look great to certain future employers.
I like that I have learned a lot, there is always free food, it is interesting to work at such a high volume and some of the people I work with are very nice
Microsoft offers some of the best opportunities to learn in the industry. You'll learn more in the first month than you did in four years of college.
Microsoft is rediscovering its mojo under Satya. Focus has shifted to Being obsessed with customer, execution and singular pursuit of creating winning products
- Work/Life balance, Great Benefits, Flexible Work Hours - Friendly environment, nice international culture - Microsoft recently started accepting OpenSource and Linux as a reality. Windows 10 native support for Ubuntu Bash and Microsoft's contribution in github are examples of the new trend. - Microsoft is serious about its cloud business. - MSFT rewards loyalty, if you stay you will get promotion, bonus, etc.
Updated technologies and peer guidance
Great people, smart people and overall a good environment to start a career. While Microsoft isn't what it used to be, it still is a solid technology company.
good environment , startup company
Large company with lots of opportunities, one of the few tech companies with the opportunity to do impactful work
It was a nice place to work
Great people, management is awesome
Work-Life Balance Earning Growth Potential Benefits Flexibility of hours Job Stability Great Pay Lots of places to lateral move around to
Good work life balance and excellent health benefits. There is good opportunity to work in lots of different products/services across the company
Work life balance, good people, good management in general. Tuition assistance, good insurance
travel opportunity, networking, industry driving partnerships
Smart people, company has made great progress in recent years, lots of opportunity
MSFT Stack Experience Great Culture Help With Career Advancement
Benefits, job flexibility, networking, atmosphere, technology advancements
- Decent pay - Good benefits - Flexible work
Good salary, benefits, etc. The resources available in such a large and diverse company. Interested in employee career and growth.
- Senior Leadership is leading the company to the right path on digital transformation. - Work remotely is a plus depending on the job role it is possible. - Solid company, different challenges every Fiscal Year
Separate room, food is close
Good culture and great co-workers (most of the times not all the time).
Great benefits, work flexibility and good strategic direction
Campus and facility are nice.
Great co-workers and I made some awesome friends.
Great people to work with. Excellent pay and infrastructure to help you grow in every aspect. Year end bonuses are good. They treat you top class.
Started working at Microsoft in July 2016, as my first full-time position after graduating college. So far it has been a great experience. They more or less completely covered relocation for me, which really helped me to move halfway across the country. The work has been good so far, definitely keeping me busy. In addition, the benefits and pay that Microsoft provides are top notch. All in all, very good experience so far.
I was paid very well, and worked with very intelligent people. Lots of initial effort provided towards training and cross-training as needs arise.
Lots of free food, great training
Good company, benefits, work environment etc
Smart, talented, driven, inclusive, fun
Such a buzzing environment, never a dull moment, great incentives, good support, great employees,Management very understanding and forgiving, they give insightful tuition and feedback based on necessary improvement to become an asset to the organisation, they know where and how to make the improvements. Good relocation package from the United Kingdom, office has everything required to make job easier, good social environment.
Great opportunity to advance. Pay is on the nose. People are crazy smart. When you talk about tech companies that are on the cutting edge Microsoft is top notch.
great self-motivated people to work with
Good Technology, Smart engineers Good Technology, Smart engineers Good Technology, Smart engineers
Great pay and benefits. Multiple opportunities to enhance your career.
awesome pay and benefits
Tons of growth in the company, Satya is doing a terrific job, and the benefits are amazing.
Great company culture. Everyone is welcoming and friendly.
Under Satya's leadership, the company has transformed. It is now a place smart people want to come to than leave.
Flexible workplace. Smart people. Great responsibilities. Small team.
Competitive salary and benefits and a new corporate culture that is diverse, inclusive and growth oriented. There is a lot of new energy at the company under Nadella.
good from career growth oppurtinity
Current transformation of the company is giving it a fresh look and feel. There are great positions in any area in Technology you like. Great people to work with.
Great to work with smart people. Interesting products and continuous transformation. Awesome product sets, particularly Azure and O365 and (usually) time to play with new software.
Good benefits OK salary compared to other major tech companies Evolving culture
Treated well. People are generally good. Stock is doing well. Work life balance can be easily maintained. Compensation is fair.
Innovative, Open, New CEO, Good pay and technical colleagues
Salary, bonus, benefits, etc. Being part of something big. Good teams in several areas. Smart people who want to do good work.
The benefits are great and there are many opportunities for traveling abroad.
Make a huge impact in the world, working with some of the smartest people anywhere
A large company means you can get a lot of experience either in one particular discipline or in several. The sky's the limit for motivated individuals.
Flexible work hours, great benefits.
Work on incredible technology with incredible people. There is flexibility to change teams and work on ever changing areas. The beauty of Microsoft is that if you are interested in Tech, it is likely being worked on somewhere at Microsoft.
You will meet the smartest people here. Microsoft still had a level of intelligence and energybthatbis hard to find elsewhere. They treat their employees better than 99% of ccompa is out there.
good. Best t place in world to work.
Great and smart engineers. You will get to learn a lot from peers.
Good environment, really smart collegues.
They give you free stuff in the summer analyst program and treat you quite nicely
Great work life balance. Great health benefits. I'd like to come work for Microsoft right before I retire. With such low expectations I can surely get by well there.
Good hours More laid back Good benefits
I am completely in awe with some of the work I've seen going on in this company! The perks of culture here is rapidly migrating to adopt many of the garage mentality of doing epic "stuff" and being a doer. I've been in meetings where I am easily the dumbest dev in the room (this is a good thing). It's very personally rewarding being challenged with the scale of products used by millions.
Great place to work and learn technology. A lot of access to information and resources for you to learn from and grow. Freedom to explore beyond your job description activities and achieve more. If you wish.
Great Place to Work !!!, Brand recognition, Work Life Balance and overall good opportunities
Great products! Benefit packages are one of the best for software companies. I love the new shipping center and health care on site.
working with the smartest engineers, great culture, great work life balance, great growth and learning opportunities, competitive salary
Best industry standards in terms of: 1. Technology 2. Software practices 3. Adaptation 4. Vision  Invests a lot on innovation. Is open to new ideas. Drives employee participation. Very friendly and helpful people. In spite of being a huge company promotes a great culture. Lots of outdoor activities and employee support programs. Benefits are excellent
Microsoft offers really great benefits.
Multiple products and teams to work in
Large company that changes the world. Large company that lets you find the job that works for you. Great to have on your resume'. Excellent benefits.
Great company. Great vision. Great people. I thoroughly enjoyed working at Microsoft.
Very smart and motivated coworkers Interesting problems to solve Good compensation Good work life balance Able to move teams to learn new technologies
Senior Leadership Painting refreshing new vision and strategy Benefits Opportunities Internally
Great benefits, and great staring pay for retail.
Great working environment. A great place for tech people.
Top three pros are The benefits (which are granted to both full time and part time employees), the positive minded people, and community service opportunities.
Great work life balance, generous with hardware, solving interesting problems and features.
Professional challenge and highly enthusiastic team. Friendly management and perspective for growth. Nice and warm atmosphere of cooperation and synergy
Since Satya took over, the sleeping giant is awakening and jumping into cloud services.
Since Satya took over, the sleeping giant is awakening and jumping into cloud services.
* Great benefits and facilities * Flexible schedules * Pockets of fun work
They do almost everything a software/computer engineer might be interested in.
Generally smart people, good benefits, good work life balance. Good fitness reimbursement program, very good 401k match program. Very good library system. Good commute program (connector)
Good pay, good benefits. Semi-casual dress code. Huge company with tons of opportunities, around the world. Great support for very ambitious people. Plenty of chances to get management experience. New leadership team is making necessary changes - but those changes might not work out for you...
Good benefits. Ok vacation policy. Lots of products to potentially work on. A couple years ago, you had to be in a position for 18 months prior to interviewing for another position (or get managers approval). That's no longer the case.  Satya and Brad are great.
Pays well, most teams are not really that stressful, respectful teammates, products are well known, development process goes through enough rings to ensure stability when features get to customers.
Great company, amazing pay. I really love the company's values, which is why I chose to work there. I was happy to see the values being upheld even as an employee. Employees are awesome.
1. Learning new technologies, Cloud, Web, Data Science etc. 2. Opportunity to work with teams working on innovative products and complex problem. 3. Good salary, compensation, bonus and stock options for employees(specially valuable when Microsoft is doing good historically).
Salary, benefits and perks are nice.
Smart coworkers Great benifits Work life balance
Bonuses are larger, especially once you've been there for more than 5 years and have a large stock pile of stock vesting (twice) each year. Most managers allow you to have a flexible work schedule.
A lot of opportunities in different fields if willing to relocate
Great place to work and pay is good
Some of the greatest productivity software in the world, with a evolving philosophy in line with the 21st century
The variety of teams available in the same campus really makes Microsoft into a goldmine of opportunities. Landing on a good team can make going to work feel like just hanging out. Work/life balance is excellent compared to other companies trying to make the office a 2nd home.
Great benefits, fast paced environment. Transportation provided. Good pay. Worked with brilliant people.
Microsoft has the best life-work relationship because it provides quality while working and balances it with flexible schedules. Top profiles and a lot of access to information and resources makes you want to learn faster and do more to also achieve and deliver more.
very challenging working environment, great benefits, work life balance and fair reward system
Excellent benefits, smart leadership, strong embrace of diversity and inclusion, philanthropy. Some of the smartest people I know work at Microsoft.
Lots of opportunities to change your job and career without changing your commute or your 401k! As in any large company, each division and large group has some of the personality of the people that are attracted to that line of work. Find a good spot and dig in.
Great to work with technical folks and architect. Kitchen is well stocked.
Microsoft is a great large company to work for right out of college. Great benefits, great work-life balance (depending on your product team), and great pay. I'm learning a lot, but I think that's because I'm young and there's a lot to learn at my age.
Smart people to work with, opportunity to have global impact, amazing breadth of products and services means many different types of teams to work on
Great pay and benefits, extradinary coworkers, brilliant and team oriented.
Drive group of people to work with. So many opportunities for advancement. Great work hours.
Nice location in Redmond, good teamwork, good project managers, and finally good ping pong lobbies.
Microsoft has a strong consumer and business brand. Alignment on key business outcome is clear and has many smart people working there.
Great people, good pay, fun culture
benefits, facilities and culture - people are greeat
Awesome benefits and opportunities within the company.
* good pay * good benefits * generally working with people who want to make a difference * open to hearing differing opinions
Strong benefits including healthcare, stock and employee discounts.
Opportunity to work on multiple areas
Lots to learn. cutting edge. fast pace.
- Excellent benefits - Good compensation - Some of the engineers are very brilliant, and you can learn a lot from them - Friendly atmosphere - Work-life balance can be however you want - Microsoft gives devs very good hardware and an above average working environment
Great culture, easy moving inside the company, leadership across enterprise and consumer
Great innovation platform  motivating work
Great culture, interns get to on projects that matter to the company, and fun intern activities.
Great experience working with customers and partners and a growing eco-system
Great Place to work. I would highly recommend it.
Ability to move around different teams within MS
Very flexible work hours (but still necessitating a lot of hours). Work is challenging and pushes you in the engineering department. Ressources to pursue every idea. Great focus on personal improvements.
Great benefits and career choices
good to place to start as a college grad good place to learn about the industry
Note: My Rating and review is by comparing Amazon and Oracle as my previous employers.  * Smart people * Great time-off * work-life balance is good * In general good benefits.
Yes, awesome place to work
Great company, learned a lot working here
Great benefits package, even with the change to the HSA and the high-deductible plan. Great working environment and usually your own office (once you have sufficient time at the company). Each group or manager is different but the options to move around the company are great. You can definitely find something to work on that you are passionate about.
Pay is typically higher than the market Benefits aren't that unbelievable, but good Fellow Individual Contributors are great people
Flexible environment and good benefits
The company has a great brand and there is good mobility within the company which can offer some folks good mobility. If your skills fall within a particular narrow range, they will keep you busy using them. Mostly software consulting
With the breadth of technologies available, you can hop around from one team to the next to explore your interests. Moving across teams is not very difficult
Great Employer that really looks out for it's employees. Access to everything you need on Campus. Great people in lead roles that take the time to listen to the people working with them.
Pay, Benefits, Growth Mindset, People
Company is heading down the right direction.
Lot of freedom and value for innovation. Learn building scalable systems and intelligent systems. Innovate and get rewarded.
The new Microsoft is moving in the right direction. Great benefits, great people.
Excellent benefits, medical, dental and 401K
Good pay for student job
Company wants to do right by customers and for the employee. Intra-company movement encouraged.
Opportunities to participate in interesting projects.
an exciting and challenging environment to work in, excellent exposure to tools and technology by microsoft.
Great benefits, diversity, flexible schedule. Overall, Microsoft has been a good experience, not great. Opportunities to grow and mentoring program are other pros.
Great job... plenty of good people
Everyone truly does want to help you succeed. The management team in Developer Experience is a powerhouse and the opportunity to learn and grow in role here is invaluable.
Great experience in online service testing and enterprise management software
Great opportunity to learn and make a difference in the world
* ability to learn new things, and move around the company if desired. * many experts in all fields, so opportunity for those who are aggressive and go after it. * pay is fair, but not the highest against competators right now. * if you try and are luck to align with a good manager, you can have work/life balance. Its dependant on the Manager and GM you report to more than anything else. * Healthcare coverage for my family is good with Premera Blue Cross.
There are many opportunities and career paths, flexible schedules, many employee perks (especially at the main campus), and good benefits.
Good work experience and nice culture. Helpful people. Projects are relevant to what a person has studied and achieved in the past.
Flexible work conditions with great earning potential, great culture and pride to work here
Good benifits, campus. Option to move between teams easily
great perks, highly intelligent and competent people, a team excited to solve cool problems
nice benifts. pay good money
Great, passion, technical, benefits, growth
-Excellent Benefits -Opportunities to learn from some of the best engineers in the world -Job security (for the most part) -Interesting technical challenges -If you get sick of your team, you can move around
- diversified working environment - many interesting projects/teams inside company - some smart people, some good teammates
It was a great learning opportunity
Casual dress. Laid back environment freedom to move around office. Work stations was designed and classy. Management was laid back overall.
Great pay! Happy to work there
it is a fun environement to work at
I had a great experience at the company. The intern program was fantastic - lots of opportunities to meet other engineers and people at the company.
Competitive environment, lots of products to work on, many teams and smart people to work with and unlimited soda
It was good and stuff
Good project for new grad, work life balance, some products are cool
Good Benefits.. Good problems to work on..
1. Learn from the place where all engineering processes have actually come up - the rest of the world actually simply follows the practices from Microsoft through its ex-employees 2. Work culture is not very high pressure for most of the company 3. Good benefits, individual offices etc.
New tech, great strategy, constant learning
MS is changing in a good way. BUs are aligning strategies and there is less infighting. With these changes come opportunities to leverage work done by others to increase the value of the brand as a whole.
Good school district for kids. lol Good shuttle service on campus. Poor products
Work Life Balance, Good benefits
Great benefits. Large company reach and diversity
- Excellent benefits - Wide variety of career choices, and technology spaces - Management cares a LOT about employees
New tech, great strategy, constant learning
Great local sales office and local leadership team, Company culture and benefits (excl. insurance)
Great benefits, flexible schedule, great opportunities for personal growth and career development.
I love working for Microsoft because of the people that I work with inside of the company and those who I have the opportunity to interact with outside of the organization.
smart people and flexible environment. Lot of great projects and ideas
Amazing Benefits, Great work-life balence, continuous improvement of skills  If you want to be lazy you can and you will get lazy rewards, if you want to be super active you can be and also ger super good rewards
Very smart people, most of them generous with time & knowledge. Huge company with many locations, teams and opportunities. Reimburse tuition if you pursue an advanced degree after hours. If you are focused and want to learn & grow, it's a great place to work.
Good pay, good work environment, good people around you. You got a small office. We got a gift and movie during the summer internship.
My current favorite thing about Microsoft is my manager - he is super supportive and allows a lot of room for flexibility and creativity in my career. Other favorites include our beliefs for giving to those in need, working with super smart and talented and passionate people, and the pay/benefits are not too shabby.
All sorts of technical and people challenges to work with. Great benefits.
You get to work with super smart engineers and change the world
Turning around under Satya's leadership. Big focus on Diversity and Inclusion although still much to be done.
I was there 15 years, they offer great benefits and pay
There are good people there. Made lots of friends and connections. A wealth of technologies and roles can be yours! Depending on the group: a good work-life balance. The company itself appears to be on a good trajectory!
Smart people learn a lot Good career growth Good compensation Good location Good office space
Its microsoft. Starts slow but works your way up
You get to work with a lot of very smart people and enjoy great benefits,
Great networking opportunities with global partner/sales team, personal development options
Really enjoy the breadth of opportunities available at the company.
Great challenges. Lots of smart people
You can learn a lot about shipping products in a global scale, and be exposed to all the different disciplines required to do so. If your project is the shiny new thing, you can get virtually unlimited resources.
Lots of opportunities are available. Great work/life balance.
The diamonds in the rough: some people there were truly good, intelligent, helpful human beings. Resources to find out what you need. Global recognition
One of the best companies to work for in the world.
Good options for work shifts.
Great benefits and pay. Health care is very good. Well known brand globally.
Really going somewhere these days, exciting work and customers
Microsoft is well known for taking care of their employees. Keep it up!
Great working environment and really supportive managers
The usual, great pay, cushy job
Great benefits, work-life balance, flexible work hours
There are very few companies with projects at this scale. Surprisingly, I had reasonable work/life balance. Great employees/coworkers.
Diversity of experience and the ability to work with a lot of smart people from various paths, can be a very motivating aspect.
sharp and intelligent coworkers. great work & life balance if you don't want fast growth
It's good when you're there.
Great company, great portfolio, great resources
Salary, benefits, smart developers. Easy to commute. Great coworkers, really socialable. Xbox is a really great team to be on
Comprehensive set of benefits, clearly explained.
Learning curve for new technologies is high. Work life balance
Fantastic people, great minds. Love everything about Microsoft. Great food, great offices and good location. The management has been doing a great job. Go Microsoft!!
- Opportunity to work in different business areas, both on the enterprise and consumer side - Work-life balance - Company and management cares for its employees
Health Care Cover Graduate Education Tuition Work \ Life Balance
It is a good fair company, treat employees well
Benefits remain strong, decent salaries, company is headed in right direction now that Satya Nadella is at the helm. If your boss or group can sidestep the crushing demands of the MSFT machine and focus on doing great things for the customer, there is no better place.
While Microsoft is a big employer and has some of the impersonal flaws that come with lage corproate environments, they really do take care of their employees. The benifits are excellent in terms of healthcare, ESPP, 401K matching, bonuses, and stock.
Most employers are holding people into an area of expertise and limit their growth. On the contrary, Microsoft encourages self-driven challenges to the culture and career path. It is an excellent company to work for.
Excellent company to work for
Great pay, benefits, culture, and growth prospects
Good benefits, good people. Working on relevant stuff.
There are so many opportunities to learn, fine tune your skills, and seek out new experiences. You really can do almost any job that exists on the planet.
Excellent salary and benefits. Good people to work with from around the world. Management was hard, but fair regarding reviews.
Great co workers and cafe
Great work culture and treat employees well
Smart people, great culture. Perfect work life balance and good salary
Nothing beats working for Microsoft...
Great benefits and amenities. Lots of opportunities to work on a range of technologies and roles.
Great benefit. Amazing people. Focus on career development.
Great culture, benefits, salaries. Really leverages your capabilities if you're motivated.
able to have multiple different jobs across different aspects of large dynamic company
Care people, work life balance is good
great collaborative team, good benefits, career growth
Great place to work, good benefits, great opportunities for self development, great to come to work each day and work with smart people.
- Different interesting projects - Smart people - Good health care benefits
working with very talented people. nice benefits (health care, stock options) flexible time/ability to work from home.
Learning a lot of coding algorithms
Great benefits, smart teammates, decent work/life balance, competitive salary.
Good Benefits, Peace work Environment
Great Outlook, fantastic new products, lots of innovation
Most of the time there are tons of tedious work waiting for you so difficult to build so-called strategy skills, need find your way to make bigger impact/influence.
Huge amounts of flexibility in terms of working hours, access the Microsoft campus, so was not forced to work from home. Nice and friendly working environment - had the opportunity to work with some really great people.
- Large impact - People are nice - Benefits
Customer Technical Support is one of the best groups to be part of. It has the customer focus that should be everywhere at Microsoft, alas is not.
People, opportunities, mobility, benefits, reputation
1. Takes great care of employees 2. Pays tuition $15k/year for related courses 3. Promotes charity 4. Breadth of technical challenges
Constantly exposed to new technologies.
The company culture is very open, and there are not a feeling of "too hard to reach" for the VPs. Very enjoyable internship, they also have the Surface Book for the Signature Event.
Microsoft has a lot of smart people.
They have very good benefits and pay, nice people to work with, opportunities within company
Great technology, smart people, good benefits, nice offices
Benifits, free phone, tablet, there was nothing good about this place outside of the free stuff.
Work life balance is great
Great place to work at. Solid company.
Awesome management team Great benefits for a retail job Great team to work with
Get to work on lots of technologies. I'm still learning stuff after 13 years!
Good benefits, good culture, great teamwork
Great program with a lot of cool benefits including Surface Pros, Bands, Swag, and phone time with Microsoft Professionals
1) Great work atmosphere. 2) Offices are plush with amenities. 3) Perfect work-life balance 4) Great team and interesting work.
Stable, Innovative, Culture, Employee Investment
Business Ownership, Time Flexibility and Open Environment
Great benefits for having been in the role for a few years, benefits for PTO increase at fifth year, almost identical to corporate
land of opportunities ... calm work environment ... professional, intelligent, and fun people
Interesting problems, autonomy to work, work actually used to inform decisions/influence business, lots of career movement possible, good compensation
Salary is good compared to other companies
Microsoft gives one the opportunity to work with brilliant people and has many diverse areas to create new technologies used by millions around the world.
Smart people driving smart people always challenged great pay great benefits come and go as you please as long as your projects weren't under water. Face time is important remember that.
Over all great company. had a great experience with them
Brilliant engineers, great benefits, respectable pay, innovative atmosphere
Microsoft has been going through somewhat of a culture transformation for the past 2-3 years. Satya Nadella has taken some great steps in positioning the company for a bright future, such as focusing on the cloud, opening up the Office eco-system to work on all platforms etc. The market has reacted well, with the stock price steadily rising up.
Great Pay, Great Benefits. Overall a great place to work
My career was spent entirely within the Office organization so all comments here reflect that experience: * Opportunity to work with a vast array of technologies and types of development (mobile, desktop, enterprise, services) * Decent salary with great benefits * Company is stable with tons of resources to take big risks * Flexible work schedule
Stable, long-term financially profitable company
Good salaries and benefits that changed quite often. Lots of time PTO available and structure around everything making it simple and easy to use.
The work environment was really amazing. I learned a lot of technical skills during my internship.
Large company with a lot of smart employees. Easy to move within the company. I feel like Satya has really come in and changed the company for the better.
Great perks, pay, and smart people. Really enjoyed the environment.
lots of ways to make a major impact with worldwide audiences
starting to be relevant again
Competitive salary, strong 401k plan, excellent healthcare, interesting colleagues, paid vacation, Stay Fit program, telecommute option, connector bus, company store discount.
Opportunity to lead amazingly great teams Opportunity to define your role Opportunity to interact with all areas of the business.
Overall good benefits and opportunities in general for all emploees
Strong company with very good future investments
As a contractor, I felt like a second citizen which is better than being from a third world country!!!???!!! They have snacks 24/7 that everyone freely takes advantage of to feed their family at home. Hell, why no t take the whole family to dinner for free? It's all good, because employees take advantage of free lunch right ?
Good Company. Good work opportunities. Good work environment. Good compensation. Good benefits. Good teams. Almost everything is good, hard to pick anything is bad.
Good benefit and some teams still keep good culture
I love the people I work beside. They are my family Great people attract great people I love having the freedom to experiment and fail, and still support my actions We have been asked for an opinion on a regular basis, and we are allowed to speak our mind without fear I love being a part of something larger that makes a difference. I love that everyone cares and that you have flexibility when needed I love the variety. Every day is different and I get to interact with such a varied groups/people. It means I am always learning I love that my job challenges me every day in different ways The people at this company are a pleasure to work with and make it enjoyable to come to work We all work hard and are recognized for doing so My co-workers and management team are social, knowledgeable and caring I am learning all the time, from the best people I have the freedom to think outside the box and have all thoughts considered I am allowed to grow and show my potential I am able to use my skills and knowledge as well as push myself in areas that I am unsure of myself I'm paid well, and I just love the job I do
Compensation and perks are generous and work-life balance is very good. People typically show up and leave as they wish assuming they get the work done.
MICROSOFT got its mojo back. It feels good to be in a cool company that is once again recognized as a leader in innovation
Challenging, super smart colleagues, cutting edge of technology, you define & drive your career, opportunities for growth, flexible work hours, competitive benefits & wages, great commute options
Smart, nice people, challenging environment
Opportunity to make worldwide impact Great people to work with - smart and driven Great benefits and good work-life balance
Diverse projects and really smart people
Work with very smart people, Great benefits and good flexibility in terms of how to get your job done.
Everything seems possible, and you'll meet some of the best people you'll ever work with.
Large company with very competitive benefits. There a re a lot of teams and projects to chose from.
Good salary and working environment. Most of the managers partner with you for your personal and professional growth and in that process they create awesome teams.
Benefits! Pay! Work-life balance! Cool stuff to work on! Globally respected company!
Fast-paced work Great campus culture All-around nice and smart co-workers
Very friendly environment to work in.
Great salary and benefits. Work on leading edge technology.
- Wondeful people - Great learning experience
You have really smart folks working with you.
Rising stock prices. Some bright spots in the company (C&E datacenter, cloud, machine learning, FPGA) and online tools (Office 365, CRM etc.). People are actually trying more to become 'one company.'
Great Benefits, lots of hardware available
Great benefits and competitve salary. The company is headed in the right direction.
it was enjoyable to work with some of the brightest minds in the industry but i felt like there was a lot of red tape
Great health benefits. Smart co-workers.
Great leading software company to work
Great work environment with amazing benefits and an amazing team.
Amazing people. The culture in the company is super conducive
Awesome people in the SF office. Comp is pretty good and the benefits are world-class including a healthy 401K match, tuition reimbursement, meals, gym reimbursement, 3 months paid maternity/paternity leave, retention bonuses and grants are easy to get. After stagnating for a decade, the stock appears ready to go up. Great work-life balance. Easy to jump to different departments (especially if you're willing to move to Redmond).
Good benefits each person has an office
Good pay and benefits, wide range of products and businesses to work on, smart co-workers, ability of MSFT to "move the dial".
Great Career Opportunities across different products/services
*Bright and talented people *Amazing advancements in virtually every corner of technology *Inspirational place to work at *Top-notch benefits - best I've ever had anywhere *Always open to employee feedback *Pretty good on employee training & growth
Great benefits. They do let you telecommute.
Competitive salary, good community involvement, strong global presence, great products, cares about employees
Benefits are great and earning potential is great.
Working on the forefront of AI is interesting and there's always something new to think on.
Free xboxes are great for us
-Work with cutting edge technology. -Great learning opportunity. -Chance to work with some amazing people.
Great products, great and vast set of resources to help you accomplish goals. Superb benefits - the best I have ever seen.
The company was stocked with brilliant well educated people from around the world.
best benefits and great team
Smart people Well compensated Collaborative, not competitive The company is doing cool things (seriously) and is sincere about the mission
Work life balance, employee training
Great place to work, great opportunity to grow in a cutting edge technology company
The people are all willing to help and share about their experiences.
good work life balance. nice people. good tech and office environment
Compensation, work life balance, and benefits
Great benefits and UX team members for the most part pretty awesome hard-working people.
benefit and flexible work environment
Flexible, Learning, Opportunities, Process oriented
Huge professional network. If you are wiling to move to Redmond, WA or work across timezones there are many opportunities to do impactful work.
Smart people,, great salary and benefits, learning and mentoring are encouraged.
Lot of growth potential, great benefits
Good leadership under Satya, many teams and never a shortage of interesting work, decent benefits and work-life balance
Great direction from Satya Nadella at the helm. Great name recognition. Good compensation, great benefits.
Smart people, heading in the right direction, compelling work and great balance.
best company in the world.
Lots of smart people working around you.
There is a very strong engineering culture in product development, with brilliant people doing great things. The current culture from the top-down is the right one, and the focus on building great products over building something for a salesperson to sell is wonderful. The company is moving towards embracing open source, which is huge. Under the right management you can be empowered to act on things that matter to you, and that's critical. The work is interesting, the problems are challenging, and the scale is one where millions of users are affected. You can have a tremendous impact if you bias towards action, place yourself under good management, and work with engineering as much as possible.
Great benefits, fair pay, focus on family and work/life balance.
The culture is changing fast. From a monolithic battleship which is hard to change direction, to a fleet of small boats going into the same direction. Responding to market changes and customer feedback as quick as possible.
benefits, work-life balance, location, salary
Pay is good, and the benefits -- while not what they used to be -- are still good as well. For those that don't live near the main campus, the employee bus service is nice. Ability to telecommute/work from home on occasion is a plus on many days.
Benefits, experience, location is not that expensive like CA
Excellent Work Life Balance - Most teams are very flexible with working hours. As long as you get your work done and you're not completely AWOL you'll be fine. No questions asked when you want to take a vacation or need to take a sick day.  Good Career Growth - You may have to put in long hours if this is your priority but you absolutely can move up if you want to. Self-movers are encouraged on most teams
flexibility, team enivonrment, pay, salary and benefits
benefits (although going down hill fast)
Dedicated to innovation. Hires talented people.
awesome culture, MS takes care of its people, great place to learn and grow.
Interesting projects. Very good mentors. Excellent working environment.
Good pay. Professional team. Highly rated. I particularly like the way that the company works especially in regards to product development
Good and mature company with ethical values and latest technologies. Opportunity work in any cutting edge technologies. Satisfaction of making impact at global level. Work life balance. Great people. Benefits.
Cool products Great people Vast array of products
Interesting product, good work life balance.
Good food and good salary
1. Great Office campus. 2. Amazing smart people. 3. Lots to learn technically from Senior Engineers.
- *Extremely* smart people - *Extremely* nice people - Internet scale computing and impact
Compensation. Work life balance. In by 10. Out by 4.
Excellent commute for Redmond residents. A short walk to warm meals. Free annual health check-ups. Occasionally really good guest speakers (e.g., Tarjan).
Great work place, opportunity to work on very cutting edge technologies and lots of benefits from the physical space to 401k plans and much more. I really liked working there.
Great culture, family loving place
Ability to move around at level 62 and below in Finance
great products and great vision to modernize the world's IT.
Strong Brand and you know they wont go bust overnight, if you find the right job with the right management its a great place to be.
Excellent benefits, very supportive, lots of career growth opportunities
• Creating/improving PowerShell scripts, manage file permissions, • Collaborating with other teams to solve problems, • Handled on call duties, and finding tools to help users be more productive. Learn lot of things with new technologies
Working for a great team, doing work that impacts so many people.
Perks in terms of bonus etc pride early product releases
My second summer practice was at MICROSOFT Company as a software program developer .The company gave me knowledge about new Microsoft Technologies, such as, XNA Game studio, Windows 8 and Windows Phone7. I did mobile applications with using XNA. Additionally I developed games for Windows 8 and Windows Phone7 using XNA and SQL Server Management Studio. Presently, I am selling my applications and games on web stores and gaining money from my applications. Additively I certificated as a Microsoft Student Developer.
The engineers and senior leadership are top notch! Great place to have huge impact on users across the world. Awesome, clear company-wide mission that it truly inspiring! Average pay and pretty good benefits (except healthcare, which was ruined by Obamacare for everyone).
Stability, lots of internal options, people-focused, easy to switch positions regularly
Excellent upward mobility, pleasant team, close to home. I've been thoroughly surprised with the detail and effort management puts to relieve our feedback. I like it here.
Lots of good people Really good benefits Flexibility to work from home
Flexible team, Remote working, Great facilities
The work life balance should be much better than start ups or Facebook. The payment is not too bad. It's not very stressful to work here.
diverse, global, continuing education, volunteerism
MS treats interns well Nice place to work in Nice people to work with
Great Benefits and work life balance. Charity matching and 50% 401K matching
Nature of work, perks, salary
Flexible work environment and management. Satya has changed the work atmosphere and culture. People are much more motivated nowadays. Work-life balance is a priority for management.
benefits are great work hours are good
Excellent place to work with really smart people. "Customer First" Moto is changing the company in new direction under new leadership.
Company brand, Excellent benefits, Opportunity to move across company which makes you feel as if you started working for a new company. Each group is different.
open, big platform, free to do things, rich resources and friendly and happy working atmosphere
Great company. Benefits are pretty good.
Very good base salary, great benefits,
Plenty of jobs to choose from. They're are some great products to work on and a lot of talented people to learn from.
The standard for the Bay Area - free food (lunch and dinner, every day, snacks, etc.), great benefits, nice office.
Great benefits, opportunities for various roles, learn many products
- Benefits - Collaboration and feedback is super important at MSFT - Lots of smart people willing to help - With 120,000+ employees, there's bound to be someone on Skype for Business to help you through your problems. - MSFT loves new hires, and encourages you to challenge the status quo.
work life balance is good, benefits and classes are good
It definitely felt like there was a lot of mobility (in terms of moving between teams). Also, everyone I spoke to was really willing to help out with my onboarding issues, and other questions down the line!
Great learning curve Great atmosphere Very good company to put on a CV Many opportunities within the company
The Microsoft internet divisions have a great separation between Dev/Ops (who make sure that the SCOPE/Cosmos/Dryad systems just work, though sometimes with long queue times) and the Big Data developers (who just need to write SQL-like SCOPE code with C# customizations, and schedule their jobs in the Æther graph-based scheduler). This lets developers focus on getting their jobs done. The task-planning system is scrum-based, with short cycle times.
Good perks (no free food though). Also, it's one of the companies where you can have great work-life balance. It depends on the team, though.
You're able to get a variety of experiences. You can move around teams, but staying in the same team for a minimum of 5 years lets you develop enough expertise for you to be the SME for an area.
Large company with lots of resources for mentoring, training, etc.
There's a lot of great people who work here, really good medical and benefits. It's also easy to try other career opportunities.
Great benefits, environment and opportunities!
Good work live balance and good environment.
A lot of opportunities to grow and learn
Great company, fun environment, great management
Great company to work with. Great working environment
benefits campus work style nothing
Great people, lots of opportunities. It is nice to work for a company that has resources to fund bleeding edge projects.
Plenty of room to move up. Great managers and interesting projects to work on. Benefits and pay are good.
Great place for innovation and experimentation
Everything at Microsoft was fine. They cared about their people, paid well, and had great perks (really awesome health insurance).
Good pay, amazing benefits, pro club access., lots of opportunities. Good culture. Smart people. Good work from home policy...may not apply for all jobs
Good annual competitive salary. On par with many other local companies Good annual bonus. Average is 10% Good annual stock offerings Good benefits
work from home, flex schedule
Smart people, great campus, fantastic resources, strong leadership, good work life balance, competitive compensation, great managers, lots of areas to work in.
The teams and managers I worked with actally cared about my personal development and happiness. That paired with the almost limitless resources available to innovate with and learn is amazing.
Plenty or resources, good compensation and benefits, peace between re-orgs, and balanced in terms of demands and personal life.
We have a nice new building and a forward facing platform that works across devices.
stable diverse balance innovative well-paid
Microsoft Research is a good place to work for PH.D student in the summer. They provide many exciting projects and excellent mentors. So many young and smart colleagues.
Good work environment Excellent experience
Career Development and Focus on People Great for Technical Great for Marketing Great for Sales Roles They value the employee
Stable company Great work culture and teams
Great perks and intern events. Colleagues are amazing.
Gives you a lot of benefits but very little time to enjoy them.
Great company and decent managers. In the end, it wasn't for me.
- Very good pay - A lot of challenge
Free soft drinks and free coffee.
Excellent pay and benefits, they're really as good as you've heard. Once you're in, you're in. There's plenty of opportunity to move around. They really, truly value individual contributors.
Great company to work for
Great Atmosphere to work in
Smart people, good work life balance
Flexible hours, good benefits and pay, training opportunities, great team
Great company to work for!!
1. Immense learning resources for someone out of college. 2. Flexibility to work across on different technologies, teams etc. 3. Benefits
Brand, established vendor, resources, solid strategy for the cloud
Great benefits, broad range of opportunities.
There is freedom to learn nearly anything you find interesting. If you love technology, there is a lot of potential for growth. But you have to be self-driven, there won't be metrics for growth outside of billed hours and general community guidelines.
Benefits, Salary, Very large company, if you're lucky to be on the right team you'll be working on some of the most cutting edge technologies
benefits, overtime pay, bonuses, free stuff on releases.
Great benefits. Opportunities within company to move around. Overall good pay package. Good flexibility and quite a bit of autonomy and trust.
A Great Place To Work
Great company, benefits, life / work balance
Big company that covers a lot of fields within the tech industry, you'll certainly find at least one product to work on that will be interesting to you.
1) Whatever type of software you want to work on, from compilers, to phones, to games, there's a place at Microsoft for you. Regardless of whether it's a smart business move, Microsoft has products all over the map. If you're unsure about what you want to work on or want to try something new, Microsoft is a great place for you. Changing teams is very doable.  2) Great place to learn to be a software engineer. I joined right out of college. Engineers at Microsoft are more battle-scarred than those at younger companies.  3) Stability. If you're looking for stability, look no further. Microsoft isn't going anywhere. Even most of those affected by the layoffs found other jobs within Microsoft.
Potential for growth if you do something impactful.
Great salary and benefits offered
Excellent compensation, comfortable environment, promotes a learning and growth obsessed mindset, excellent work life balance, welcoming and fun place to work, personal and professional growth really valued
people are smart and nice
Lots of perks, free sodas.
If you want to learn anything and everything there is to software, this is arguably one of the best places to do it.
work life balance, used stable, working hour flexible, less stress, no much work to do, not bad benefit, free drink, not bad 401k plan, not bad insurance
good benefit, good pay. good balance
There are now better companies in the Seattle area.
Great team culture and opportunities to move within the company to grow.
Culture, Pay Transparency and Technology
Plenty of opportunities, good benefits
Microsoft strongly believes in continued personal and professional growth, and the culture is supportive of risk-takers (within reason) that want to disrupt the industry.
if you find the right group and manager the direction of the business will thrive.
For the most part, Microsoft is what you make it. If you want a job that you can just coast at, you can find a team where that's ok. If you want a team that is driven and making progress where you can have a big impact, you can find that too.
Great people and (mostly) great products Terrific career opportunities - at HQ in Redmond and in field roles Very competitive pay and benefits An ability to re-invent itself. It can feel like trying to turn an aircraft carrier, but the company has proven it's capable of changing course
It's good and mature tech company with relatively good benefit
There is a famous company with good working environment there, like personal office, people are friendly and good work banlance
Great culture and good benefits
lots of things to work on
Very large ecosystem. A lot to do. Can be really great if you have a great team and especially a great manager and\or management chain.
You learn a lot really quickly. Learn how to work in a fast-paced environment as well as how to manage multiple schedules and deadlines. Good first job right out of college.
Absolutely one of my favorite jobs. You get the opportunity to get up close and personal with all thing Microsoft. The company's business acumen was fantastic. They always kept us engaged and wanting to learn more
everyone has heard of Microsoft
- Work & life balanced - Brilliant technologies
Great products, some amazing team members, great customers. The benefits are good though not as good as corporate.
Great benefits, great career opportunities, lots and lots of different products to work for. You can move around between teams as much as you can. Lots of smart people, you get to build stuff with them and learn.
The company is great, working with the customers was great.
Opportunities to work with leading industry products.
The company has great benefits.
Diverse projects and smart people
amazing parking lot for your cars
Great benefits, even for interns. They recently introduced health insurance alongside gym, orca card, etc. If you uphold your end of bargain there's a good chance of a return offer. Intern gift is sweet Great worklife balance.
Microsoft is a mature company, with good, solid benefits and a reasonable approach to work-life balance. Current management is strong and the company direction seems better than it's been in many years.
Great pay, SO-SO benefits since Lisa B. destroyed them, ample opportunity to exceed goals if you are willing to work for it. Easy to look like a star given how lazy most everyone has become.
Great benefits, great opportunity to learn, great pay, tons of opportunity to take your career in new directions
Perks and salary Good work/life balance
Share some of the best reasons to work at Microsoft. Great people, fun work environment. Fun teams to work on.
Smart people working on projects that make a difference in people's lives. The resources of a billion dollar company to utilize.
I enjoyed working with Microsoft people while I was a contractor there. They are very dedicated to their particular roles and responsibilities.
good benefit, brand recognition
reasonable work and life balance
The working hours are very flexible, teams are flexible and you work among great minds. You get to work on latest technology
It used to be good where we worked on some of the greatest products in the world although with average salary but good benefits.
Please to learn a lot of new tools, extensive use of Excel, Power BI. Open ended projects
You will work around a lot of talented and intelligent people who will challenge you. The benefits are the best I've encountered of any company I have worked for.
work life balance is well
Good benefits, vast areas, not much
great startup feeling team
Great salary and benefits Good work/life balance
Career Grow, can move to different ares and try something new. Health Insurance and other benefits.
Good work-life balance, benefits for part-timers
Learned so many things that I wouldn't have learned in a classroom, got to go to an actual meeting and be a part of something bigger than myself, got to see Satya for the first time, many resources are provided, able to work in a great facility
Good benefits packages, access to lots of smart people, plenty of opportunity to try new things if you've done reasonably well in your career there.
Good work life balance. smart collegues
Nice salary. Networking potential is nice.
great company to work for.
The environment of Microsoft is great, you can meet people with strong tech backing and learn from them.
Amazing colleagues Microsoft = inroads, you will never be short of customers willing to bet on your work, so you better no disappoint.
The company is starting to have a more innovative spirit again. The pay and benefits remain very good. Many great, smart people to work with.
Great atmosphere and work culture. Freedom to try different things. Numerous intern events. Signature event is a bonus. Plus you get a signature gift. I got a Surface book.
Interesting projects. Competent employees for the most part. Great flexibility on work hours. Better than most compensation and benefits. Good cafeteria with reasonable prices. Company is in good financial situation.
Good work culture. A lot of people take pride in their projects and you should too!
The benefits offered by the company are outstanding
Place to improve your skills in a constant basis
Great company, with growth mindset.
The job is not intense, it is actually real cool and partially laid back. You learn so much while you work. I believe the pay is outstanding for what you do and you are recognized for your good work almost every time. The benefits are awesome and the charity work that the company encourages you to participate in is self rewarding.
Generally relaxed work environment Good benefits
First for all new cool products
The pay and benefits seem good (I'll see as I go elsewhere)
Good salary. Free drinks. Opportunity to grow. If you happen to work on a challenging project, it's a good opportunity to progress.
Smart people, great energy, opportunity to learn tons and move within the company. Good benefits, nice offices, cafeterias, campus and team activities.
Smart people, great energy, opportunity to learn tons and move within the company. Good benefits, nice offices, cafeterias, campus and team activities.
Microsoft is truly a world-class company offering endless opportunities, where the vast majority of divisions and managers pay attention to people and their growth. You get to impact thousands of people in your direct group, and billions of people around the globe.
good benefits, work-life balance and basic pay
Good place to obtain global experience and to become an expert in very specific areas
Great teammates, management is dedicated to improving culture and results, and fair compensation.
Great projects and environment. Relaxed. Cool technologies. Easy to move inside
Part of a great company
Large organization with vision and senior leadership
-cutting edge technology -somewhat stable -good pay
Salary, benefits, most colleagues are good people
nice location, smart people, nice atmosphere
Great Benefits overall: Medical, Dental, Vision Benefits, Stay Fit Program, 401K 50% contribution from employer, 10 Paid Holidays, Great 5 months of Paternity/Maternity leave for dad/mom. Location is not extremely crowded like Seattle, There are still few great people work in Microsoft.
The team I worked with was comprised of very smart individuals. There was a parking benefit for temporary employees. This was a fast paced environment.
Nice teamwork plan in Microsoft
Good work life balance, friendly smart colleagues.
Great Role, working with companies, around solutions selling
Solid pay, people, and work hours
Microsoft offers some of the top benefits of any comapny
Salary is OK and so are the other parts of the compensation.
Bright people at the peer level, great benefits, opportunity to work on interesting projects
everyday learning that grow the potentials in individual employee
Get to learn a lot early on. 9-5 job will usually get you an achieve or exceed at Microsoft. Work life balance is great.
Not really pushing. You will have fair amount of work life balance. So it's good if you don't care much about the career and spend time with your family. You also have nice people around.
Great benefits, good pay, challenging work
Excellent salary, good benefits (healthcare, Company Store, fitness dollars, vacation/PTO), flex working hours (in some groups), ability to move to new positions vastly streamlined recently (finally).
Company with great culture and people
Laid-back hours, benefits, challenging problems. Microsoft has research and projects happening in almost any field you can think of.
Nice benefits, good work life balance
Smart people, hands on cool technology, people are overall pretty friendly, and one can do well if you think smart, work really hard, and cozy up to the right leaders. Benefit package is still very good, and work accommodations are very comfortable.
Great work environment. Microsoft really cares about its employees and even for a very large corporation, Microsoft goes out of its way to ensure its employees are well cared for. From the facilities, to benefits, it's got to be at the top of the industry.  The work is very challenging and there are many different organizations to choose from. I've been a full time employee for almost 16 years and still love working here.  Ever since Microsoft got rid of their competitive review, stack-ranking system, a few years ago, it has really improved morale and productivity in my opinion. Instead of focusing how to outshine your peers, the focus is now on a growth mindset and how you leverage other's ideas to help you do a better job. It's about partnership and collaboration.  Microsoft does preach work-life balance. I think many have achieved a good balance while others struggled. The key to a good balance is the organizational VP has to buy-in to the concept.
- if you're at peak fitness for your role, the rewards are excellent and opportunities to excel and be recognized are many - you'll start your climb with a solid outfitting of benefits - there are many routes to the top, crazy amazing waypoints, and relatively few recreational hikers
Great Benefits, lots of learning, awesome co-workers, beautiful offices, lots of traveling, be part of one of the most famous software companies of all times.
Challenging and encouraging place to work
The benefit is still good, not much pressure, depends on which team you are in
Free to explore possibilities. Fairly good life work balance.
really like it a lot
A new Microsoft is emerging - one with a clearer vision and acceptance of doing things that would have been taboo only several years ago.
work life balance, good company brand image
I've really enjoyed my experience as a contractor at Microsoft. The team is great, the hours are flexible and the pay is good, although you don't get any benefits.
Excellent work culture, people are warm and very helpful
Easy time hours... very easy job, if you know what youre doing its really easy, fun job. I really liked it but the pay isnt a career.
Best company I've ever worked for.
Great benefits, competitive salary, interesting work. You get to work on projects that everybody has heard of, and know that your work is valuable to millions or billion sof people.
Energy and morale have been improving a lot since Nadella took the helm. The company is re-inventing itself and moving in a promising direction. It's not a boring enterprise company anymore. "Not invented here" syndrome is being cured.  Great work-life balance. I've worked under several different managers and they were all great in this aspect. You have the freedom to set your own pace (to a certain extent).  Excellent benefits and perks: top-notch 401(k) plan with very generous match, health insurance, employee discounts, on-site health center, and a lot more.
Intelligent, motivated co workers. Big picture hard problems. Conscious effort to improve gender imbalance and to support minorities. Great technology, huge move towards top of the line innovation.
Great benefits. Take as much work as you can handle. Lots of brilliant smart people around you, making it fun to work.
Great People. Flexible Hours. Leadership puts value on work-life balance. Opportunity to work with a lot of intelligent and hard work teams.
A-list salary in industry and has some benefits to employees, could use some dog-food products and use all Microsoft products for free (software of course).
Professional, leading edge, great place to learn.
Great environment. Really fun intern activities. Can opt for corporate housing provided by Microsoft, which gets rid of the headache of finding a house to lease. There is a special intern signature event in which they give away MS products as gifts!
People are super smart and fun to be around
- Decent compensation - There are a lot of interesting work - Culture significantly changed in the past few years, under leadership of Satya - Microsoft very heavy on open-source and this openness changes the world's perception
Lots of technically bright and really smart people help each other be successful. Lastly, if you like the Seattle weather, you'll like it here.
Access to any resources (technology, training etc.). Smart people to work with and learn from. Many options available internally for horizontal career move. Good Pay.
Great benefits, good pay, opportunities to work on a lot of different problems/products. Satya is a great CEO and has them on an upward trajectory.
Good benefits, good pay comparing with other companies
They area great company to work and they have great employees.
Great company with medical benefits.
Good People. The Company is segmented well. Goals need to be better defined.
Lots of great people, lots of opportunity.
Many roles/products to choose from, different locations across the globe, big company, great benefits, can change roles, many ways to advance career
Fantastic benefits, good work load, not to overwhelming most of the time. My team was a very laidback, open team so i may have experienced something unique, or this may be the nature of design teams within Microsoft. Experiences may vary.
was there for 14 years and still have the memories. there are still some true nerds there but they are being squeezed out
great place to work, great environment
Great benefits and overall compensation Generally intelligent coworkers
some really smart people Great work life balance
- Has tons of innovative and interesting projects - Job opportunities (career opportunities) available across the company - Focuses on self-development - Culture of employee empowerment
a great company to work for
Good benefits, great team members. Good lunch options. Seattle is a very nice place in the summer. Great intern experience overall.
Smart people and great growth
Good work life balance. Good health benefits.
They appreciate productivity. Accomplishments are noticed. Inspiring environment full of tech sharp people.
Microsoft provides great opportunities to learn and grow through exposure to different aspects of the business and incredibly smart people.
was there for 14 years and still have the memories. there are still some true nerds there but they are being squeezed out
They do their best to provide a good work/life balance. Good pay, supportive structure.
Benefits are good and good work life balance
Large community of researchers within the company to contribute to and learn from, and to collaborate
Good opportunity to be with best minds and learn evolving technologies.
Work Life Balance Innovative Moving in the right direction Working with smart people MS is trying to move in to the future
Excellent benefits, great culture, plenty of room to grow.
Great company with lots of investment in R&D, focus on innovation and engineering. If you are in engineering there is a lot to learn and work with very smart people. Love the company.
good life work balance all the time
Smart People, Technology, Cloud vision, big pockets to make some big bets
A very stimulating place to work with lots of interesting things going on.
Very good salaries and benefits You will work with incredibly smart people
You get to work on new technology and have opportunities to learn and grow.
Has great packages and perks, great ambience at work
Great benefits. Great pay. Get to work on products used by millions. Microsoft as a company is very inclusive and encourages giving back.
Great perks and colleagues and a very open and free culture of research. One of the best industrial research labs to work at.
Challenging work . Scope to learn new things
good benefits, broad impact projects
opportunities to learn and grow, coworkers are nice
Awesome smart people. Strong work life balance. Great benefits.
there is a ton of opportunity and pockets of good people in specific teams that are a real joy to work with.
Great clients and tools/products to work with. Also room for growth and resources to pull from
Tacos and is not responsible for any purpose whatsoever including wire transfer from your computer when w it's not like that
cool place to work a
lots a things to learn, overall very good company
Multinational company to experience technology sector.
flex hours, various ranges are ok with the management work from home a few days a week is opportunities to move up free drinks multiple annual off-sites
lots a things to learn, overall very good company
Benefits are good, although not perfect.
never have to worry about benefits
Leadership, products and customer focus
Good healthy team, clever engineers and management, common goals, access to leading edge of technology, R&D
The deliverables are constantly evolving and colleagues are smart people who care about each other and about making a difference, so it is an exciting place to work, never a boring day. There has been a lot of reorganization in the last few years and it has become easier to change roles or teams to match personal goals and company goals. It is a great time to join and be part of creating the new Microsoft, enable people to do more with technology. Love the newfound openness to collaborating and using non Microsoft services and products.
- Flexible timings. - Good year end & promotion bonus. - Can easily shift to other internal teams.
You will find a lot of flexibility in terms of juggling between your work and family responsibilities such as picking up kids from school, and working remotely. The company is constantly evolving especially in cloud services and technologies. So, if you enjoy constantly learning new technologies, it is a great place.
Pretty Good. Easy to find interesting projects in the company
Culture, Work-life balance, amenities, benefits
Great interaction with various groups at HQ as well as worldwide locations. Excellent resources to perform work and to advance one's knowledge. Intelligent co-workers that network with everyone.
Great pay, smart people, lots of mobility within the company and opportunities for advancement & training
Lots of change in the last few years, improving culture, improved listening to customers.
Some of the brilliant folks I have worked with. One of the best companies I have worked for. I have worked in several divisions in Microsoft and each division has been a unique and a very rewarding experience. Over the last several years Microsoft has changed under the leadership of Satya Nadella
Very busy and engaged across all facets of Supply Chain Operations.
Excellent benefits, customer base and peers
Pay, benefits, Seattle area, work life balance.
Easy to switch jobs within microsoft, I switched from Program Manager to Software Engineer Lots of teams/orgs with Microsoft to join Great salary
Great health benefits and free snacks.
Well I like what do for a living and I always wanted to work here
Depending on team, great collaboration and exciting opportunities
This is a great place to work if you love technology. The company has a lot of good benefits for employees.
Great Work Life Balance Great Learning Discipline great office and great perks
Great people, solid teams, consistent values.
Will give you as much responsibility as desired, and then some. Get exposed to matrix management. Benefits are good.
Great company, great benefits
Wide range of initiatives and opportunities, a new management and attitude that is both customer obsessed and employee friendly.
Microsoft becomes more and more open (look at how they open source the .NET and how they support open source on Azure) Great benefit Good work life balance
Fantastic culture, great executive leadership, empowerment to take great care of our customers.
Creative approach to business, process, people
Good pay. Great benefits. Smart and kind people.
A lot of changes, team work, great Training available, top of the food chain.
I worked at Microsoft for 4 years. The lessons, challenges and opportunities I experienced were invaluable, and most definitely strengthened my core skills and reshaped my career path. I most appreciated the opportunity to explore new opportunities with my manager and mentors, who fully supported and encouraged my growth.
Great benefits.... I need 5 words
The company is very wealthy. This means a lot of infrastructure and good benefits.
Some really smart people to work with World changing products.
Lots of smart people. Excellent W-L balance, benefits, and perks. Beautiful campus. Wide array of products and challenges.
A lot to learn from other good engineers here
The products and breadth of the offerings are incredible. The company is really dedicated to public good and encourages charitable giving. Satya continues to make positive changes to the culture and the structure of the company.
Lots of awesome technology to learn.
The work life balance is the best at this company compare to most other places (and tech companies) that i have worked at in the past. The benefits are pretty good too. Further, you are always learning new things and I have not yet felt bored at all while working here. Our momentum in terms of hardware, software and Market share in most areas has been growing strongly since Satya became CEO.
work life balance is good.
Friendly to employees Good work-life balance
You find your own path. A lot depends on the team and your manager. If you are self driven, you will grow fast in your career.
Very good benefits and work environment
Work on Consumer facing feature Work Life Balance
I came through the MACH program and it is an excellent program, I really loved the fact that they didn't just throw us to the wolves. It was really surprising how much my class worked as a group or how well we got along. There was also a lot of diversity, I am typically used to having more men than women in a room but it was an even split this time around. Overall, I would most definitely recommend Microsoft to up and coming STEM students. There is a lot of room to learn and the MACH program is amazing, the program administrator is SUPREME
Great staff Snacks for employees Drinks for employees Free tablet and phone
Benefits, smart people, exposure to ever changing technology and awareness of what is moving the market
Support Brazil Finance Team to define and develop individual job descriptions. Design new Roles and Responsibilities for the team. Alignment of the team vision and charter with change management project to be implemented.
Awesome company with great support for employees
great technology, tremendous technical vision, brilliant people, good projects to work on.
Work hard play hard mantra. Amazing company to work for.
Professional culture where you can manage your circle of influence, excel at your work and make your path. Great leaders, and I'd have to say - better now after I left, with Satya! Great benefits, even after Obamacare. World-class resources from the libraries books, databases, etc. to the free Starbucks and other drinks. Not as great as Google.... but very few companies in the world do more that MSFT.
benefits advantages promotion work enthiasastic
peaceful work environment, established culture, diverse product spectrum to work on
Great Company Good Opportunities Flexible working style
Easy life, not too much work.
Flexible work hours, challenging work, good benefits
Microsoft provides several opportunities In terms of Challenging environment , work life balance , medical benefits and opportunity to work on cutting edge technology. am completely satisfied with my company.
So much freedom and the work environment was very laid back
Very good company for starting your career
Always something to create and smart people to work with
Best place to work at, really enjoyed my time there.
Having changed two teams, I've found a team that: - has a lot of freedom in product decisions - what technology we are allowed to use  - Generally accepting culture, people genuinely trying to be less biased - Good benefits
Varied career opportunites, good benefits
Amazing health benefits, awesome maternity leave
Benefits, flexibility, opporuntites to move
Good benefits Company direction improving People are generally great
Benefits are great, projects are interesting, team members are often wonderful and engaging
- great opportunity for career development - you will learn so very much
Lots of money, but hard to leave and work outside
If you find the right team, the work is rewarding and energizing.
Interesting topics, given a lot of independence and able to take initiative
Cutting edge, technically challenging, good career opportunities
Good benefits like vacation time Work from home facility
multiple opportunities available at the company
Microsoft has a work culture that allows for a good work life balance. It also have very good benefits and also allows one to volunteer at various organizations with matching donations.
Employee friendly , supportive managers, cool projects , high IQ co workers, employee benefits, job variety , work life balance
Perks were great, company seemed to honestly care about employees
tons of areas to work, great to learn how to get things done in a large company,
renewed focus on customers, user experience is top focus, good benefits, connector service is great
It is easier than earlier to have a great network which facilitates easy switchovers within the company
- Flexibility in work schedules and work styles. - Compensation is strong (salary and bonus and shares). - Big enough that you can (eventually) find the right part of the company for you
Microsoft's culture has taken a 180 degree turn for the better. The past few years under Satya has led to successes in innovation in every product line - from Xbox to Surface to Windows to making all the apps available on iOS and Android mobile devices has been nothing but beautiful. The entire culture today focuses on operating as One Microsoft with a Growth Mindset. People are treated fairly even when employees 'sunset' and transfer out.
Work-Life Balance, Flexibility, Lots of different technologies/products/services to work on.
1. Work life balance 2. Learning from very knowledgeable Senior engineers
Great vantage point to the future. Opportunities abound, and the company culture is definitely improved with Satya.
Great Benefits and the company genuinely cares about its employees. I have never worked for a company that puts so much focus on its employees at every level.
Tremendous and wonderful base of people to work with. All employees are highly motivated and go out of their way to show it in the work they do..
Amazing people all around Challenging work
New hire orientation was fun and entertaining, being at the Redmond campus it was fun to visit the company store.
Great company that knows how to make money. Wide set of opportunities.
Fun to work here and you will work with smart folks who have lots of good experience and ideas to share.
* Great benefits * Competitive pay * Flexible
Work-life balance Ease of transitioning from one team to another
Extremely smart, motivated and talented people.
Nice benefits, competitive salary, flexibility.
Great flexibility, great opportunities for learning and fun within each organization
Awesome benefits, great place to work
A great company if you are in the right team with good management. Massive career opportunities if you are in Seattle or Redmond. A great energized company with an amazing CEO.
Great work environment, concentration of talent. Good benefits. Diversity of technologies within the same company, including many innovative areas, despite common opinion.
Management was always upfront and honest about expectations. Salary was acceptable. Work environment was friendly and accepting.
Insane hours but greatly rewarding.
Great exposure to the real software development cycle. Great tools, buildings, food etc. working for a large corporation
Great people to work with and many resources at your fingertips.
Good benefits, salaries are decent and the rewards are getting better.
Well rounded people. Driven, collaborative, visionary people. The overall employment package is great too.
Working within a team that continues to stride in employee & customer benefits & growth. Employee moral to be consistent.
Smart, diversified people. Given the autonomy to own your business and deliver results.
Benefits and exposure to different business domain, disciplines and roles.
Great Team, Very strong and positive work environment
Alright pay, benefits and worktimes
flexibility is nice and you can typically choose your own projects. Lots of ability to do community service
Great benefits, great people overall. Lots of highly motivated, quick thinking individuals. It's a great environment to push the boundaries of your knowledge and capabilities constantly.
Great benefits Sharp coworkers, supportive culture Work life balance.
Culture is really going in a new direction. Happy with Satya's leadership and the company has a lot of great projects such as HoloLens, Xbox etc
Health-care, 401K, Stock purchasing Plan
Great company with all the right strategy in place to lead the Hyperscaler Cloud Market
-Benefits -Discounts and Perks -Shuttles and Connector bus service
Things are changing for the best slowly. Great benefits, good work life balance. Company loves the employees. Lot of great projects and some amazing teams if you can find them. Great people overall.
Good compensation  They organize a lot of events for the interns (around 2 000 people)  Great for meeting new people and exploring Washington: hikes, water sports, great food, wineries, awesome sunsets etc
Plenty of opportunities and plenty of different internal companies. Every business unit is different and deal with situations differently.
Worked briefly for World Wide SMSG Services, CFPA/Data management team. Very archaic backward looking stuck in time managers. People who have accepted their fate or join as vendors stay, others will run away as fast.
great work environment, managers are very supportive of professional improvement, promotes employee work life balance , a lot of flexibility, exposure to external upper level management
Great coworkers, growth mindset throughout the company, great perks and benefits
Good pay, relaxed, solid pay
Great Opportunities & Amazing Perks
Benefits, Recognition for good work, comparable but not the highest compensation
Great environment to work in.
- Employee friendly - Great compensation - Awesome, smart people to work with
Good work balance, great environment.
Really bright and talented people. No shortage of funds to back a good idea. Lots of room for innovation. Lots of flexibility about when and how you deliver your work.
Smart colleagues. You can work on projects that impact billions of people (or millions of developers, in my case). Good health benefits. The company will be happy to suck out all of your life and energy, however much you're willing to give -- BUT if you take responsibility for setting boundaries, the company will respect that, and you'll still be able to succeed.
Good salary for engineering lead
- Microsoft pays well and their benefits are also well above average.  Note: They do not necessarily pay well in sales as MSFT has a 75% threshold, i.e. you get no commission for the first 75% of quota. If you don't hit 75% of quota, you get $0 (and possibly encouraged to leave) for the year. Very unusual, unique to MSFT.
Company with strong values and cares about employees. Company appears to be moving in the right direction. Supportive colleagues for the most part.
Great work atmosphere and work-life balance. Provide lots of healthcare and financial benefits. Offer good salary package. Interns get great gifts and get to participate in lot of social events.
Microsoft is not the company you used to know. it is evolving in a good way.
Excellent benefits Excellent pay Challenging work and rewarding
Good benefits and the potential to work on interesting things across diverse products.
great work place and great opportunities
New vision, great grassroots culture, winds behind our sails again and great challenger mindset
Great benefits even for part-time employees. Great work atmosphere. Company big enough for upward mobility to corporate side. Company culture seems great and inclusive.
Great company to work for - excellent benefits and learning and development opportunities. I miss working there and hope to return some day.
Autonomous and collaborative work environment
An innovative company with lots of resources and opportunities. Microsoft has a high standard for quality of work and a vision, and this carries down from the CEO to many of its employees.
Good salary, good benefits, nice offices (at times). Big company with lots of job postings and different microcultures.
Massive company that has a truly global impact. If you hunt down a job that fits you the best you can do anything.
Working environment Benefits & Perks Respectful treatment from managers and peers
Big company, safe, average work is good enough.
There is no reason to work their
Can find different roles in different areas to grow one's career
An excellent working environment for career development
Terrific work culture Amazing benefits Competitive Salary Cool Projects to work on Constant skill development Careful mentor-ship
Top noch company in every aspect. Good work life balance and excellent compensations
Great Campus and Employee Perks Good Salaries
creative, fun, team, people, lots of options
Stable company with a large customer base
Good compensation. Lots of Career opportunities.
Work life balance Talented people around You can push yourself, if you need more challenges Matured processes, tried and tested 401 match, ESPP, Health plan Ability to switch teams and products after appearing for their interviews internally.
MS offers a lot of opportunities, and potential growth. They provide better than average health benefits along with excellent 401k matching and many other benefits that a large organization can provide. They have impressive resources financially and many smart, capable employees. I think the pay is generous for the corresponding titles, but I've noticed that many people come from other companies and have accepted lesser positions at MS. So, they are paid well and highly capable in that lesser position.
good people, good opportunities to learn new skills
good benefits and good salary
Great Diversity with trust as core philosophy that runs the company
Excellent benefits and a good work/life balance. Remote work was perfect for working moms. Employee stock option plan was a great benefit as well.
Good work life balance. Great oppurtunities
Great place to work on high impact products.
Working as a Product Advisor in the UW Microsoft Store was a rewarding and fun experience. You learn a lot about Microsoft's latest products and services. Hosting the free workshops for kids is always a positive and great experience. I'd recommend this job for anyone who loves helping others.
Work life balance, flexible, innovative
Work life balance, flexible, innovative
Cool products, great tools, great perks.
I was at Microsoft for 4 years in various roles / divisions.  - World class engineers - Great pay / benefits. - Very interesting problems to solve. - Mega scale challenges and opportunities. - Satya's changes to make Microsoft focused on being a cloud and services company and starting to embrace open source is the right future.
1. Ridiculously smart people. 2. Fantastic learning opportunities: on job, excellent internal training, Master studies tuition subsidy. 3. Good to have Microsoft in your resume. 4. What you do is actually used by Billions (with a B) of users.
Salary, benefits, PTO, breadth of products
Colleagues are very supportive. Exciting solutions
Amazing challenges. Smooth green card process. Easy going. Easy internal transfers.
Great growth opportunities and good relatively flat org, good benefits and care for employees, some division are like start-ups and you get to do a lot
good place to work with smartest guys
Strategic Direction long term is the best course for Microsoft Culture continues to improve New Senior Leadership team has potential to advance the work culture and reduce the Scorecard Era.
Overall I enjoy my experience working here: Projects are interesting - there are lots of resources. You also get lots of autonomy running your project. Great benefits Work life balance
Work and life balance is a huge plus to work at Microsoft. Super friendly environment and so many smart people with no ego about their skill or brand.
I really liked the Redmond campus. The fact that it's located in the suburbs is a big advantage, usually you need to move to a city to work for a good company. They have good benefits, like free transportation system, cheap employee restaurants, good health benefits, good compensation, etc. I really liked that they have private offices in many buildings across the campus, unfortunately they are slowly moving towards open space now.
The company has lots of expertise in selling to enterprises and has built mature process and tools
Strong leadership, continuously looking to drive future growth and innovation
Very smart, passionate work force. Fast-changing environment - you'll never get bored. Good benefits. Fantastic CEO and a bright future for the company.
Really great work-life balance, clear mission, making strides in tech involvement in many different areas. Good experience with managers and team, overall recognition of hard work. Great benefits.
Its a good company to work where you can choose your pace.
Microsoft is concerned that employees enjoy a fun working environment and they create an excellent working atmosphere. Often times, there are great incentives and perks that are added to your paycheck, as and added bonus!
You can find any kind of work you are passionate about at Microsoft.
I was an FTE for 12 years and a contractor on and off for another couple of years. The pros for both are: a pleasure working with smart people, some great managers, better than average pay (for FTEs) with lots of possibilities for merit bonus and good benefits (for FTEs).
Good Benefits, nice environment, nice co workers
Best things in this company are: access to software, salary, great benefits, sick days, vacation time, paid holidays.
Good work life balance Great health benefits
great pay/ benefits. Good Stock grants if you perform.
most staff were very smart
Great employees and culture open to career development
Smart people. Some cool technology. Mature processes and tooling. Really enjoyed my time and team early in my MS career, second team wasn't so good. True within all large companies, having a good team and management really makes for a good environment.
Microsoft Research represents the best compromise between basic research in academia and a corporate environment.
Long term perspective on employment and benefits.
Compiler, game, OS, web application..., no matter what you are interested in, you can find a project inside Microsoft. Sponsor green card. 401K match 50%.
Big, resourceful, full of opportunities, strong brand and overall good products and a fairly good strategy for the future.
Passionate, diverse community, very open to new people, new idea and sharing knowledge
New attitudes towards teamwork and recognition of work across groups as a priority are making roles at Microsoft more adaptable. Fantastic benefits, giving campaign, MSPAC lectures, and wonderful networking opportunities. HArd to find the time to fit them in!
Great people for the most part. I learned so much in the 18 or so years I was there. Different groups have their different idiosyncrasies and even these change over time. So what you might hear from one person in one org will not necessarily be true in a different place.
Good benefit, moderate work load, reasonable compensation. It is a very mature company and they get rid of the stack ranking in annual review.
Good welfare, work life balance.
I get to work with intelligent and supportive teammates every day. Amazing facilities/gorgeous landscaped HQ. Work/life balance is very good for most SWE Interns I know. Free drinks They bring in good musicians to play over lunch at the main cafeteria. Performance feedback is not only focused on individual contribution, but also how well you work with others. I've been told this really improves the company culture, especially on the main campus. They make an honest effort to give interns projects that are interesting and within the scope of a summer. Top notch health insurance, even for interns.
Exposure to great people and projects A wonderful engineering environment Positivity
Great people, highly competitive , highly matrixed, fast paced
Work/Life balance is great. Flexible schedule.
Good benefits. Good for someone just entering the workforce, as long as you keep up your skills so you don't become obsolete. The review system is much better, but make no mistake--there is still stack ranking and the underlying politics that go with it.
Small collaborative, cross-functional team, with easy access to resources only available from a large enterprise
Broad / global / diverse job growth and opportunities Amazing and engaging technologies to advance and work on Strong peers, managers and coaching to grow, especially in early career Great advancement opportunities Satya's evolving culture is improving the overall company employee experience
Great people, highly competitive , highly matrixed, fast paced
unlimited opportunities to express yourself!
Learn a lot, great benefits, great salary. The people you work with are the smartest and the best in personal relationships
Great pay and benefits. If you play the politics, not hard to make career
Great people to work with. Always something new in the field of technology. Comfortable Work Attire
Good work-life balance. Management are generally very nice. Great coworkers. Private office allow focused work. Benefits are pretty nice.
If you want to work with some smart people that create products that millions of people use, Microsoft is the place for you.
Lots of little companies within Microsoft. Some are still worth working for.
Lots of opportunities within MSFT to move around. People have multiple careers while staying with the company. Good benefits. Redmond campus is a great location.
Pay and Benefits are competitive Culture values intelligence and teamwork (now under Satya Nadella, prior culture under Ballmer did not value teamwork) Technology is first rate and you have opportunity to work on world changing tech like Hololens, Azure, etc...
Super smart coworkers, work hard/play hard culture.
Flexibility to change groups, awesome benefits
Microsoft is a big company with lots of opportunities. Good ideas can get traction wherever they come from. Junior employees can make a difference.
I have been in this field for 11 years
Stable technology professional great people
Nice place to work and employee friendly culture.
I loved my time at Microsoft. Great benefits, pay and people.
Competitive compensation, opportunity to move to very different technology domains without having to change company, major industry impact is possible at most levels of employment if you work on a high impact project
Good salary and perks Great work-life balance
Great benefits. Work life balance. Lots of new cutting edge technologies. Freedom to go work for any product.
At Microsoft you can work on a very diverse set of teams and problems: XBox, Bing, Cortana, Exchange, SQL, .NET, etc. If you're bored or looking for new challenges it's very easy to switch teams and work on completely different problems.
great place to work and can get many things to learn
Good dynamics. Work was interesting. People are nice once you get to know them.
Great company benefits and countless career opportunities.
- Much less agressive work enviroment then Amazon. -If you ge in, the pay is great but the benefits are outstanding, for example they have some years where they will give you a dollar for a dollar you put into your 401k. -Senior managers are extremely helpful and talented, they will do their best to make sure you are doing well. - Very creative work enviroment, get to be creative and work with the engineering team.  - Much more fulling work than working in PwC or a bank as an auditor/analyst.On top of that the overall pay and compensation is better. hell considering how much more happy I am at work i'd happily take a 20 percent pay cut (I've worked in both feilds).
Great Benefits, Salary, Perks. Lots of opportunity on different teams.
best place to learn new things
world class project, friendly people, great working environment, free drink every level.
Good culture and the people around me are generally nice however there are certain times when the stress is high that things go wrong.
Great place to start a career.
Good benefits. Many good people.
Remuneration. Public service encouraged and charities well remunerated.
Enormous challenges to tackle, smart people to work with, great benefits and compensation, a complete package. Really one of the best companies on the planet to work for.
great people and great energy
Very competitive, a lot of very bright individuals surrounding you, well established and highly reputable. The nature of the company is that you work autonomously which allows people to create a huge impact that will definitely show reward. Microsoft is very competitive in salary and benefits and makes sure that people are working hard but enjoying their overall experience as an employee.
At Microsoft you can change the world. Microsoft's products touch millions of people. The online services are used by countless numbers of corporations. If you are looking for impact there aren't many companies that can compete.
Great benefits and good culture.
Interesting place to work Great location
Great benefits, great people, challenging work
Big Company Great perks good compensation great technology opportunities to move reputation great on resume global brand and reach
1. Excellent work-life balance. 2. In general, most managers are awesome, and create a very healthy work atmosphere 3. Opportunity to work on HUGE projects impacting millions (if not billions) of people. 4. Getting to work with and learn from super-smart people 5. Excellent benefits
Decent money based on experience.
The company has a cool culture under new CEO
Great company culture, great products
Great perks as you are working for a hugely profitable company that is ultimately trying to attract top talent and to do so has great benefits
Great company with a strong set of values. The company in general has a tremendous impact on the technology industry and it's cool to be involved in the process
Latest technology, bright people, good compensation, Clear definition of goals, correct working conditions, frequently replaced tech gadgets Their focus on Azure and Office 360 paid off, they managed to renew the company (minus the Windows Phone business) Top quality people (+hard worker) have the opportunity to move to Redmond (most of them never return)
Excellent reputation. Pays well. Microsoft on your resume will open doors.
-Benefits are some of the best in the industry -Pretty stable job, if you're in the right org -Work with a lot of really smart people -Maker garages on campus for prototyping -A lot of potential to move around in the company
The overall management of microsoft is quite good. I think it is an okay company to work for.
Great coworkers. Great work environment for the most part.
Smart people, interesting work, great mission, flexibility, great benefits
Listen, a company's strategic vision will ebb and flow and it's up to the Senior Leadership team to try their best to gaze into the Crystal Ball of Big Data and arrive at a decision. Some we may not agree with, some we go with the flow. I was there during the BillG and SteveB era and they were a little more maverick in their approach versus Satya. Overall, it's still a great place to work.
Great people , great intelligence across the world! Great to work with the greatest people ! Looking forward to working those guys again
Autonomy, huge opportunities to learn, great leadership, company on a great path for future
*Good work life balance *Pay is average, but the benefits make up for it *Nice discounts on Microsoft software, and a free MSDN account with more product keys than you will ever need *Lots of friendly and interesting co-workers over the years *No one cares if you are a Microsoft/Apple/Google lover, the new focus on all platforms means you are free to use any technology in the office and not be frowned upon for it
*Benefits *transformational *diversity of people *opportunities to do something different
awesome great challenging new things
Great Culture, Solid Benefits, Flexible Workplace, Bright CoWorkers,wide breadth of opportunity and the chance to tailor a career to your passions
Lots of opportunities, good work-life balance
good pay and benefits, flexible
Excellent benefits, stock purchase options, co-workers, customers
-Diversity of opportunities -Compensation -Results rather than effort driven -Evolved EQ over the years -Support for continuous development
Managers cared, there was a lot of sharing to succeed, the benefits and pay were great. Job security was good as long as you performed well.
Great company with passionate people working around you. Great benefits & perks (especially if you are located in office most of the time).
Lots of interesting problems to solve, lots of challenges if one so desires. Many smart people are around to bounce ideas off from.
Some of the greatest people and friends I have ever met. The new CEO seems to be changing things for the positive, this is excellent.
Great Fun Laid Back Easy
Good Benefits, Flexibility, internal job opportunities
A lot to learn, a lot cool really smart people, a wide range of options you can choose from, decent work life ba
Fairly decent job stability, and much more work/life balance friendly than the old 'sleep under your desk' days.
Fantastic culture, smart people, great benefits and truly work and family friendly.
High visibility, exciting and rewarding team.
Great team members, really smart people. You won't find a group that's as hard working or as fun to be around. Drinks in the office is typical.
Great Company to work with
Great company from the standpoint of getting access to a broad set of technology elements. Some great talent across company. Strong focus on educating employees to be the best they can be.
Lots of opportunity, smart people, nice campus, great benefits, job security
Rewards are great when are given
Awesome place to work - great people, great technology, great challenges, great package and perks
-Big company, lots of things to do -Good benefit, good work life balance
Lots of smart people, great benefits. The culture is also changing to be more open to other platforms and open source, which is great.
Great company with access to lots of super smart people. Pay and benefits as a package is still as good or better than most other companies out there.
good benefit package salary above avg in the area
Good Benefits Great Medical care Good opportunity to learn multiple technologies
Employee centric with very good benefits compare to many large tech companies Ability to play with new Microsoft gear and be part of the process Many market segments to gain different experiences as each team operates differently Very good training opportunities outside of Microsoft technology domain
Microsoft is now more open to working with other companies, employees are no longer frowned upon for using non-MSFT devices, it is becoming more agile, and there's even a renewed sense of urgency within the ranks about the work they are doing.
Couldn't imagine a better place to work, especially in the Pacific Northwest. Microsoft doesn't let their interns work more than 40 hours a week, plans several excursions for them, gives them an intern gift and throws a huge party for them every summer. (Last year the concert was headlined by Maroon 5)
compensation, leadership in enterprise
Great benefits, work life balance, environment at work. Good perks, little bonuses if the store hits budget, etc. tuition reimbursement.
1. Work life balance most likely depend on the team you are working with and how PM plans 2. Promotion and bonus varies a lot by team and org
great company to work for, very flexible on your time. great benefits. you may work from home in certain days of the week. Cafeteria is excellent, and affordable.
As a seller, Microsoft has made some big bets that have worked out for its Enterprise clients. The product portfolio is strong, especially in helping clients transform leveraging cloud applications, platforms, and services. As enterprises adopt Digital Offices and shift purchase influence to Chief Digital Officers, Microsoft has a competitive story and offerings. There is pressure to perform, but generally speaking Management doesn't demand high pressure tactics that lead to bad deals for its clients.
Brilliant people to work with, a lot of ownership of your work, completely in charge of your schedule and work/life balance
Professional growth is encouraged, the reorgs mean new opportunities, and while not as good as they once were, benefits are generous. There's not a sense of clock-watching or micromanagement in most groups. You are trusted to perform. The culture encourages you to move on after a few years in one group, and that can help folks progress their careers.
IF the product was viable and not run by current management - this could be a really interesting product to work on. Overall being in third to AWS and Google in terms of features and ease of use keeps folks competitive and hopeful to win the cloud war. However, as noted in the Cons - it will not happen under current management.
Great place to work for!
Great Benefits, good values and overall a great place to work.
- Many career opportunities inside the company - Compensation is on-par with industry - Campus / buildings are comfortable - Lots of new and exciting products - Established company with good track record
It's competitive and depending on the business group, can be difficult to obtain a work life balance. The pay was good and for the most part, i was able to work from home.
Great work/life balance, nice people, fair bonuses and benefits.
Awesome place to work which helps to grow career and pushes for continuous learning.
Great flexibility in work hours/deadlines, which resulted in good work/life balance.
Cutting-Edge technologies, Smart employees, Opportunities
Flexible, intelligent people
Microsoft is huge and has hugely broad opportunities and invests in many areas of technology. It is making tons of money still and investing in exciting areas of technology. It has a wonderful set of benefits and people feel lucky to work there.
Easy to work with. Flexible schedule. Able to work remotely. Pays well and on time.
most people I am working with are smart, nice and collaborative, lots of career opportunities to broaden skills, high impact and visibility to the business
Fast pace. Smart coworkers. Nice cafeteria. Need to meet the 20 word minimum so plenty of words provide here to meet the minimum.
The benefits are absolutely incredible and my co-workers were amazing. At first, we were like a big family but management ruined that. Anyways, I had an opportunity to explore new opportunities and gain experience that I'm able to use personally and with other jobs. Microsoft is truly an amazing company and I believe their values are sincere but, of course, there a couple of handful of people who ruin a good thing.
Awesome place to learn: great technology products with breakthrough features, many smart people, great opportunities to engage with top-notch advertising agencies and external vendors, opportunities to engage with subsidiaries from all over the world.
work life balance. single office. relex
Really good for fresh graduate. Good platform to grow. Work-life balance is great.
Perks, structure, opportunity to work on different projects
Great pay, perks, benefits, decent work-life balance, many smart people to work with, and the company is big, so you can move around to where you like it most. Learn a lot of things, make you a perfectionist quickly in software development. I met some of the very best managers and peers in my career.
Exciting product and service set
Satya has breathed new life and energy into Microsoft and you can feel the shift happening every day. People are optimistic about the future and our part within it and old siloes and red tape are breaking down.
Smart People to work with Very challenging projects to work on High impact on business and social aspect.
Dynamic, diverse, global, great people, ethical, culture of accountability, results oriented, financially sound, great benefits and compensation, great work life balance
-Decent benefits--nice caf at work, free beverages, moving allowance to re-locate, REALLY easy work (too easy, almost a con)
Pays well, great benefits. Superior technology in many areas but lacking market share and or mind share. When the engine is fired up to achieve a goal it is awesome.
Awesome colleagues. You can really shape your career the way you want to.
I love the people, the atmosphere and the culture. Microsoft was rewarding place to work and provided both personal and professional challenges that always help one grow. The greatest part of working at Microsoft was in cross team collaboration. The people make the company great.
*Incredible benefits *Talented, smart people *Dedication to well-rounded employees with lives, priorities, and families outside of work *Incredible breadth of products *Great resources
Bus Pass, Free Talking Rain...
* You get to work on technology that impacts millions of people * Good benefits. The ones I like are free MSDN subscription, company store deals (example: $25 Xbox Gold per year), $800 reimbursement per year for sports equipment and activities * Lots of opportunity to move around the company and work on different projects * Stable company, low risk of Microsoft going anywhere anytime soon
Good quality service and support that kept me a happy worker for many year and i would like to work there again
Good salary, decent benefits, great location. You are part of a global brand and your work is highly visible in the market
Flex hours, competitive pay, interesting projects, Redmond campus caters to employees. Nice perks and fun lively environment.
Very good but sometime challenging assignments. Intelligent people to work with. Good work life balance. Very good benefits and vacation policies.
Good benefits and your schedule is up to you.
Company is good to work for
big companies doing cutting edge stuff
You get to work with some of the brightest minds in the world.
New leadership is driving a very inclusive culture, whereby, everyone can make a significant impact!
A lot of diverse opportunities and roles. It's easy to find something you're interested in and switching roles is not very challenging. Great Benefits. Flexible Hours. Good Work/Life Balance. Satya seems like a solid choice as CEO.
Salary is great- you can buy a McMansion Benefits are comprehensive Cachet- he name is known WW
great company to work for, great compensation and benefits plan, great opportunities for career advancement, almost unlimited resources for learning
The collaboration is awesome. There are people who genuinely want to see you succeed and will give of themselves to see it through. My manager was one of the most inspired people I have ever met.
A lot of options to choose from. Got its groove back with Satya.
Microsoft has an amazing company culture of giving. Benefits are also top notch.
Benefits, Salary, amazingly smart workforce
If you are interested it is a great place to get experience in many different technological areas I highly recommend Microsoft. The benefits are really good, especially if you have dependent children. If things work out well you could get into a good group/team and make a real difference. Life under Satya is MUCH better than under Ballmer, no question.
Very flexible schedule, great work life balance and very informal place of work.
You can take your career anywhere and changing jobs internally is not much of a problem.
Great benefits. Microsoft values its employees. The culture also shifted in recent years from super individual competitor to making others successful and team work which reduced stress level at work to low.
Great benefits (connector bus that picks you up in neighbourhoods scattered throughout Seattle area and drops you off at work, connecting you with WIFI. Locker rooms, and great incentives to bicycle to work Great resources - Microsoft library, access to online training, internal tools, access to Microsoft products developers.
Great teams spread across the company but hidden gems.
Great benefits (connector bus that picks you up in neighbourhoods scattered throughout Seattle area and drops you off at work, connecting you with WIFI. Locker rooms, and great incentives to bicycle to work Great resources - Microsoft library, access to online training, internal tools, access to Microsoft products developers.
Good pay and good benefits. Lots of great people work there. Steve Ballmer no longer works there. Campus is nice and lots of amenities on site.
Great culture and benefits, beautiful campus, and a laid-back culture are my favorite parts about working at Microsoft.
consistent work for a year and a half as a contractor and decent pay for the job I was doing (they called it data labeling, it was more of a research & quality control) The culture at the buildings is usually pretty laid back, if that is your type of environment.
Lots of money and resources to support your area of expertise
Good place to work for a few years. Great benefits.
Great compensation and benefits. Great work environment. Work with very talented people.
Opportunity is endless, surrounded by smart colleagues and you really can own your destiny if you have passion and drive.
Long term highly scoped engagements with onsite and remote customers. Guide customers in the right direction while assisting them with design decisions. Lots of time spent doing research and testing scenarios to answer detailed questions.
amazing package, merit, bonus, stocks, and base salary is perfect.
Microsoft is a great place to work. You get to work with smart people, the company provides good benefits, most of the work is interesting. Really the best part about Microsoft is they care about people.
I have been working for Microsoft for a couple of years now in different teams. A lot of people say the teams in Microsoft can be drastically different with some teams having a harsh environment while others a much more friendly one. Well, my experience working on different teams was pretty similar, and I can say the same for some of my teammates that worked on different teams as well.  Some of the pros are: Fair base salary, large company with lots of opportunities, some smart engineers, good benefits (vacation, parental leave, health care, etc).
easy work and life. good benefits
Extremely flexible hours, amazing benefits, great career opportunity, great pay.
Microsoft has great benefits and is overall a great place to work. In my experience, most direct manager are receptive to constructive feedback.
Great tools to use and learn
Smart, Motivated peers who want to be there every day with an endless supply of interesting technical problems to solve.
Great work environment - Smart people, flexible hours, results driven
+ Rapidly changing brand perception, significantly greater inbound client interest and compelling stories and products to present to customers + Leadership cleanup is going well and only a few staunch holdouts of the "Old Microsoft" remain, Satya is a visionary and has the company firing on almost all cylinders again + Amazing work-life balance - can't reiterate this one enough, everyone has family and you spend time with them, vacation is encouraged, balance is valued + Intense and interesting period of innovation for the company - visionary new products are being released with greater frequency than in the company's history + Excellent benefits like free parking (crazy valuable in San Francisco), 401k match, no premium health insurance, employer contribution to Health Savings Account, the list goes on + Really smart co-workers who treat each other exceptionally well + If you do well you can get promoted relatively quickly and you have a lot of options to work on other products, team, geographies, etc.
The opportunity to work with people smarter than me. The chance to meet some of the people I admire in the software community
Flexible with Hours. Great team and lots of passion for the products.great training as well.
No, seriously! The people are very friendly. You're encouraged to grow and become better. Benefits are awesome.
Best company to work for in terms of benefits and work life balance. Get to work with smart people
Very cool people to work with !
Solid benefits, many opportunities within company to grow/expand across different disciplines and or LOB
Good work life balance. Lots of respect from people you work with. Great managers who cares about you. Lots of very talented people. Family oriented culture, people respect your personal time. Even if you don't like something, it will likely to change organically in a few months.
Working at Microsoft (for the support business) will help you obtain a skill set that you probably won't get elsewhere. If you are familiar with Microsoft products, working with them will help you take your skills to the next level. The pay and benefits are also very good. They reward you if you contribute to the success of the team. They also provide healthy snacks and have a great cafeteria with discounted food. Finally, you can get all sorts of Microsoft products for a discounted price. Overall, it's a very good place to work.
Great Environment. Nice People. Good culture
cutting edge technology, innovative ideas
money and the salad bar.
Jobs can be challenging and meaty with interesting work and good team members. The corporate support structure is top-notch as expected from a company of this size. Excellent benefits, beautiful offices and good computer equipment. Discount at Microsoft employee store.
Learning opportunities are everywhere There aren't any other pros This is a dumb system that requires pros If there were more pros I'd still be there This is stupid
Great relaxed and flexible work environment
Good place to work, lots of projects
Development, focus on career, culture.
Lots of freedom, depending upon manager, to create your own schedule. As long as you perform, you're good.
Always thriving, fast paced, high bar to reach, excellent tools (technology) and great resources to get your job done. Several new jobs to consider annually as you grow your career path within the company. Excellent colleagues who are mostly smart and fast. Lots of A-type afraid of failure people to work alongside. Bad eggs don't generally last.
Generally good culture, name recognition.
The company provides you everything you need to be successful. It's up to the individual to thrive and innovate.
Always thriving, fast paced, high bar to reach, excellent tools (technology) and great resources to get your job done. Several new jobs to consider annually as you grow your career path within the company. Excellent colleagues who are mostly smart and fast. Lots of A-type afraid of failure people to work alongside. Bad eggs don't generally last.
Generally good culture, name recognition.
Flexibility, autonomy, office well being
I don't know if it's still as awesome as it was when I was in college, but I got a sweet salary (for a 19-year-old), a rental car, and a free apartment--not to mention the party at Bill Gates' house. The people I met there have been lifelong friends.
growing company with many client
Smart and dedicated coworkers, challenging work
Pretty good benefits. Stayfit benefit was nice where you can get a gym membership, reimbursement plan, or a flat stipend. Healthcare wasnt bad either.  Stable job environment. Retention is fairly high and there are a lot of seasoned coworkers.  Company is stable and many product areas to try.  An obvious one, but the status that comes from working for an iconic company.
Peers, intellectual environment, reasonable work-life balance.
the company respect engineers a lot, they take priority of your thoughts and think of you
Surrounded with really smart people
Very cool tech, and plenty of opportunity to work on amazing and world changing projects. You can work with incredibly smart people every day.
Good working environment and career development. Good benefits were offered.
Worked for corp finance for more than 5 years, great team and good leaders. Can get stressfull at times but very agile and open and caring people.
Super interesting work, top minds. At least, that's my experience over in the innovation side. Happy to see microsoft pursuing aspirational goals to change society
Vast customer base, flexibility to switch between roles and teams and countries, great employee development programs
The new executive management gets the picture, I don't think Ballmer really understood technology well enough to drive the company. Good benefits, smart people to work with. Work can be extremely enjoyable at times.
Great company to work for, great and smart people, excellent work environment.
Great company and place to work. Professional atmosphere, intelligent people, high integrity culture and strong benefit package. Transforming to a cloud and services company with a solid vision for the future.
You can achieve pretty good work life balance at Microsoft. Work is generally not hard, especially if you're not ambitious, you're told what to do, just get in, put in your hours, and get out, and you'll do better than 90% percent of people who are already there. Benefits are pretty decent, with the exception of the medical plan, which is a high-deductible HSA type deal. There are small pockets within the company which are still pretty good.
Quality of work assignment is decent. I learnt some of the ways Microsoft does software development on the inside.
Great work environment and smart people
Amazing benefits. Incredible team culture. Hard to find someone who doesn't want to be there. You get to wear gym shoes and jeans. Great growth opportunities. Other Orgs are always looking for talent.
Microsoft is turning into innovative company. Setting new standard with the universal store and office 365 and holographic and surface line of products
Not exactly a high-stress environment, you get pretty good benefits, working hours are flexible, employees are generally happy and willing to stay in the company for the long term.
excellent experience to gain a first hand experience on research projects. Have opportunities to engage with different researchers working on different topics.
Always learning, infinite opportunities, working with the smartest people Ive ever seen
Enjoyed department and co-workers I supported
It's a very stable company. Easy environment.
Work on highly visible products
Good place to work, great benefits
good benefits, decent buildings, smart people, big challenges, generally focused on good outcomes
Loved it! Flexible, growth and good mindset
Excellent benefits, decent salary, and offices were well maintained. Cambridge office was in an excellent location.
Great company culture Great learning environment
Good pay and benefits Lots of resources
Microsoft is a company finally coming back to the cutting edge. The turn around that Satya has accomplished is an amazing thing to be a part of. I am a huge fan of the technology available to me to make working faster and easier, and I think I now take for granted some of the internal tools available to me.
Work on big problems, all over the world.
Worklife balance with forward looking outlook. Big bet in certain area which will make or break this company in next 2-3 year
Salary and perks are some of the best in the world. 401-k match at maximum rates allowable by law, health insurance fully paid and you're given a significant down-stroke each year against your required deductible. I've never seen such an investment into the employee as I've seen here. MS is finding its way under Satya's leadership and will continue to be a force to be reckoned with.
People were nice and willing to help.
People were nice and willing to help.
Good benefits. Good overall package.
Free beverages and first aid supplies
It was so good more than what ever i thought.
Great Company with good benefits I`ve been working for MS around 10 years at HQ which gives you many opportunities to advance in your career and change departments if desired.
Benefits and team mates are good
Great work environment and benefits in general
Great folks make it a joy to work here. Everyone is very passionate about what they do and definitely bring their A game.
Intelligent coworkers, good medical plan.
Good projects and team culture.
Strong foundation, you just have to be bit lucky to get good manager. Rest company wise..very good learning
1. Work with talented people, if you are lucky enough to join a right team. 2. Work for a great product which may impact thousands people, if you are lucky enough to join a right team
The benefits are amazing. Great place for growth and opportunity.
Edge of Technology, always learning something new. Great customers.
-Important projects -Smart people -Good pay -Good cash and stock bonus structure
Work from home Pay well Like out of the box thinking
Great Benefits and Good People Flexible Work - Work form Home, Progressive office Limited Travel
good benefits, free drinks
Great work opportunities, benefits, and location. Couldn't ask for more right out of school.
Good people, salary, work life balance
Benefits, most coworkers are good people, name recognition, economic engine for region, good set of career opportunities if you're a mainstream dev or PM.
Engineering and Technical growth opportunities
Pay is good. Most people are nice people.
work life balance, health insurance, company breadth
1. Great Hours 2. Great People 3. Great Comp 4. Great Projects. 5. Great Location
Great focus on quality of life. Amazing benefits. Great people. The campus is amazing and the opportunities are endless at Microsoft
Work-life balance for employees is great
Work life balance, highly knowledgable team great products
Loved the pay and the hours. Gamer's are the best customers.
Smart people, dedicated, passionate about making a difference
Very good experience where I learned a lot of hands on training for what I was training to be and got very good input
Pride in saying I work for Microsoft Not much else
salary and benefits are top notch and you get to work with the latest and greatest technologies on the bleeding edge of their development cycle
Play Xbox at work Part timers get vacation days Work with technology
- Depending on your manager - great place to be able to balance your work/life as long as you are making your number
Pretty much a mixed bag based on where you are - and you're encouraged to move.
Overall, Microsoft is a great employer - there are good benefits and lots of job opportunities.
good work-life balance and Good salary
easy to take a job
good benefits, decent pay and smart people
Good salary and perks. Nice offices. Work with challenging and important technology Work with very smart people.
Satya is leading Microsoft to a new era of productivity, co-opetition, challenge & growth! - Great benefits - Great work/life balance - Great diversity & values
Flexible work hours. Projects are usually 4-6 weeks long.
Microsoft is a great place for anyone interested in technology.
1. Wide variety of interesting opportunities 2. Good benefits and amenities 3. Support for volunteering
Great office. And lots of fun people
innovation in all aspects. Customer and employee orientation WorkLife Balance Good compben overall
Great pay & benefits, smart people, cool technology, many great managers.
Great aspiring projects. Very smart people to learn from. Great engineering company.
Wide range of projects. Got talented people.
Great culture, commitment to employee work life balance, competitive benefits, work with smart people, work on products and projects that make an impact in the world
Great Benefit Package including fitness and vision
Great benefits and pay
Typical cons of a big company
Good atmosphere. Nice leadership team. They show that they care, and leadership team does have open door policy.
Great people in general with a typical mix of less than competent people in some management positions. Great benefits Great compensation Work life balance was typical for a tech company, sometimes you work a lot of hours to get what needs to be done done.
Microsoft has really changed since Satya took over as CTO. Microsoft is very customer driven and innovation driven. We have super cool new tech coming out, and the culture is feeling more and more inclusive daily.
Amazing people. Amazing leadership. The company culture encourages making big bets. Many groups are operating like startups. Fantastic work environment. Genuinely cares about employees. Great opportunities to grow within the company. So many business - you never get bored - enterprise software, consumer, cloud, productivity, devices, gaming, and more.
The medical and dental benefits are great.
perks are out of this world
Good company and lots of room to move up within the company as well as great leadership that is willing to help you if you work hard
Great benefits. Global. Satya's vision is helping the company evolve in terms of products and perceptions. Wonderful place to work if you want experience in different areas of business. People are amazing as individuals.
* Many initiatives going on at all times - always something to potentially move to * Broad scope of potential opportunities - can move to different types of projects with the right connections
Great Benefit Package including fitness and vision
Work with some of the brightest people Get discounts Free drinks Orca card
Excellent!! Great experience to work with a diverse group
Great benefits, smart people, great opportunity to learn.
The projects and technology under development always inspire me. Microsoft is an amazing company to learn new stuff.
good for beginners many perks
very dedicated, knowledgeable, energetic and nice colleagues around every team I met here we try to seek solutions from both internal code base as well as open source projects out there. This is definitely different from what I've heard about MSFT before joining.
very dedicated, knowledgeable, energetic and nice colleagues around every team I met here we try to seek solutions from both internal code base as well as open source projects out there. This is definitely different from what I've heard about MSFT before joining.
nice health care, nice compensation
Big company good work and life balance good benefits
Good pay. Relaxed attitude. Good benefits. Lots of opportunities for career growth.
We work and win as a team.
Great communication, Wonderful employees, Job oppurtunities
It has good work life balance
- people , infrastructure and energy
Great culture and environment to work in. Not a typical retail job. Fun and everyone is empowered to take care of customers. Your only job is to get to yes!
Good growth mindset Customer in the fore front
Great Benefits, many events to attend, and there are enough resources to learn about any subject you would like to learn about.
Variety of opportunities and roles
Microsoft offers a ton of room for professional career growth, whether it be advancement or trying something new. The culture change that Satya is driving towards is a positive one--towards a growth mindset, where the "how" is valued just as much (if not more) than the "what"
Strong Legacy product cash engine
The executive leadership is phenomenal. They have great vision and a deep understanding of the industry. They promote integrity out of their sales professionals and truly care about providing a great software solution.
Room to move around, decent management and great benefits. Especially like the vacation and medical benefits which remain competitive despite rising costs
At Microsoft I would with some of the smartest people I had ever met. The company provides great benefits and is focused on giving back to the community. Being such a large company, there are a lot of opportunities to move around. New executive leadership working hard to change the culture and adapt to a changing consumer market. Tough job considering how large the company is. Access to a lot of resources and learning/professional development a top focus of management.
Smart team mates, latest technology, and excellent benefits and salary.
Company provides good benefit. Work life balance is good too. Projects are interesting and challenging enough. Competent colleagues who have great collaborative spirit.
I have followed the company for few years and worked for 13 years.It is very good in following through on capturing the customers. It has seen shift from PC -> Internet ->Cloud focus pretty well. Not too many companies that I know that has done this.
fun, learn a lot and growth
I enjoyed my time at Microsoft, was treated well!
good pay and benefits, stable
Managers actually care about your work/life balance
Exposure to huge applications, work life balance, good salary package, good benefits, nice supporting people, a lot of options inside Microsoft if you want to switch what you are doing, you dont have to go outside the company
- Flexible work schedule - Great people - Good rewards structure - Lots of hard problems to solve
So far I love the company benefits
Microsoft is a mecca for software engineers who want to try different things as there are plenty of opportunities across the many divisions. Products are used by millions of people so impact is great!
-Shuttle system all over WA to and from campus made life great. -Yearly Intern Signature Event + free gift -You will be in the company of talented and seasoned engineers.
Great pay, smart people, flexible work arrangements, challenging work, awesome health benefits.
Great pay, smart people, flexible work arrangements, challenging work, awesome health benefits.
Great company with nice work life balance.
Good pay, job security, and plenty of upward mobility. Free drinks, and transportation to and from work is paid for.
It's MICROSOFT. What else is there to say, really?
Microsoft provides very compelling salary and benefits. It can be very enjoyable if you find the right team. I have seen very talented people who are very enjoyable to work with. But at the same time it is very common that you find your self in a team that they are not very professional. The most valuable aspect of working at Microsoft for me is access to many smart people in all different fields. You can get an expert opinion by just sending an email/IM to the right person.
best place ever i would never leave this place. Travel is fun.
In the former years prior to the last five years Microsoft was a great place to work. Sad to see things going in a different direction not focusing on the employees.
Overall a great place to work. Pay was very competitive and you get the opportunity to work with top talent.
Lots of freedom to maintain work/life balance Great pay and benefits (401K match is a big bonus) Great team culture and fun people
Great company for career growth, working on products that impact millions of users, respectful work environment, global.
Benefits are fantastic. PTO builds up quickly. Great work like balance.
Mobile offices and great benefits
Great medical benefits, salary was reasonable, always had the latest software version.
I really like my team. They're diverse and easy to work with.
Awesome opportunities in the new Microsoft. You can work from anything from Xbox, Office, Cloud, CRM, OS. You have to find the right team though.
Good pay, great benefits, excellent peers, good work life balance
Good benefits, work-life balance, smart people to work with.
Very mindful organization since the tenure of CEO Satya Nadella. Rewarding place to work with great incentives
The health benefits and discounts to local businesses are great. The connector bus will pick you up from Seattle and take you to the Redmond campus.
Good pay and benefits. Lot of contagiously smart people
competitive. new technology. flexible working hours. good average salary. own office.
Excellent place to learn and network Good benefits Good bonus/stock rewards
Good work life balance, data driven, challenging business problems to address
Good pay, great benefits, excellent peers, good work life balance
At Microsoft, you have the opportunity to work in many different fields at a very large scale. Benefits and compensation are competitive, and it's a great location if you aren't interested in living downtown somewhere. Work-life balance is considered important, so you won't find yourself working 12 hour days.
Great benefits, smart people, Pretty good culture, parts of the campus are nice. great opportunities to move aroudno within the company from team to team.
- Great work-life balnce - Decent pay - Career growth
work with smart people good benefits
- Great salary, benefits, and bonus opportunities - Reasonable work/life balance expectation - No need to be a manager of people to advance your career (ICs do just fine) - Ability to network is unrivaled - Find your next job within the same company
Microsoft offers an exceptional benefits and compensation package. I believe if you have a solid professional background you will be able to negotiate a good comp package + signing bonus. Personally, I love to give to charities and truly appreciate the company match up to $15k. Microsoft provides a good deal of opportunity for growth - if you take it. Good technology.
Microsoft offers an exceptional benefits and compensation package. I believe if you have a solid professional background you will be able to negotiate a good comp package + signing bonus. Personally, I love to give to charities and truly appreciate the company match up to $15k. Microsoft provides a good deal of opportunity for growth - if you take it. Good technology.
Great benefits and work life balance. There are a ton of smart people in the headquarters.
Good benefits, though over the years the medical benefits have reduced. Still, it is on par with the other big tech companies.
Good career paths Big opportunities for the self driven Good work-life balance for those who avail of it Some excellent managers and mentors
Get to work with really talented people Fun intern events
Fortune 500 company, with all that a big high tech company can offer.
good place to work in
Good benefits. Strong CEO. Interesting work.
Great benefits and pay. The people I worked with were smart and had a great work ethic. I also enjoyed a good work life balance that was respected by my team.
- Good work life balance - Smart people to work with - Great pay and benefits - Good brand to have on your resume
loved the work environment, they treat their retail employees really well, break room is always stocked with a lot of snacks,food and drinks, they also have xbox's in the break room.
benefit overall is very good. Life work balance is great by certain team
* Work life balance. * Good benefits. * Best natural environment across all tech companies.
- Cutting edge tech - Great benefits - Diverse workforce
Benefits, stayfit, salary, flexibility, work-life balance
Tons of opportunities and you can cherry pick what you want to work on.
Very great perks for employees
The large scale and number of projects offer lots of opportunity for ambitious employees to think big and grow.
Amazing career growth opportunities. You get to work with the best/brightest in the world. The benefits are great and the salary is very good. The company is big and diversified enough that it's hard to get bored - plenty of opportunity to move to new areas with little hassle.
Still excellent health benefits, great salary.
Still excellent health benefits, great salary.
Good employee benefits, broad exposure and opportunities to work
Great company. The tide is truly turning from Redmond. Satya has the vision. Deep opportunities in MCS PubSec - MCS has developed deep relationships over the years and the customers trust MCS with their most critical systems. Pay is good. Benefits are excellent. You do not have to look far to find rock-stars on your team. Lots of access to the MS stack, training, products. The sky is truly the limit for career opportunities. Tons of opportunities in the co as a whole to get involved, give back, do cool stuff with technology, ect.
Great Benefits Good work-life balance Many smart people working with you
get to work with smart coworker
Huge company with lots of really smart people. Work life balance is actually a thing you can achieve here with some effort.
Microsoft is a great place to work. I love it here. It's not perfect, but no company is, but it's still a lot better than most companies I've worked for. You can work on projects that impact the entire world. If you don't like what you're current job, you can easily move to another team or division and keep all your seniority and benefits. (And the benefits are great!)
Great company to work for. Smart people, big challenges and ample room for growth.
Get chance to work end to end.
Great benefits, good work / life balance
It has many departments you can learn different technologies
Great company. The tide is truly turning from Redmond. Satya has the vision. Deep opportunities in MCS PubSec - MCS has developed deep relationships over the years and the customers trust MCS with their most critical systems. Pay is good. Benefits are excellent. You do not have to look far to find rock-stars on your team. Lots of access to the MS stack, training, products. The sky is truly the limit for career opportunities. Tons of opportunities in the co as a whole to get involved, give back, do cool stuff with technology, ect.
The benefits make this company really hard to walk away from. Great health insurance, pay, stock awards, vacation and PTO. Plus, depending on the team, you have some WFH flexibility.
Fantastic company that works on innovative products. Tons of room for advancement out of college, and some really fantastic leaders in the senior leadership team. I'm never bored at work, which is a great thing!
Microsoft offers great benefits, fair and equal pay as well as outstanding career opportunities. The large variety of departments and different work areas allow for a constant positive learning experience.
Microsoft really cares about employees and support their career development. Good benefits. Good Work/Life Balance
good company culture. colleague were very nice.
Use new Microsoft technologies Opportunities to grow
Work/life balance is great. Benefits are very good, especially for people with families.
Good pay, benefits, okay work life balance
A lot of very smart people to work with. Life-work balance has become good. The compensation and benefits are excellent. If you can tolerate working on preexisting messes and remain productive, you can move up and on to working on some amazing stuff.
Great company, turnaround under Satya Nadella is real. Transformation strategy is real and solid.
Great work environment, helpful staff, chef prepared cuisine for fast food prices, QA and Game Testing opportunities, great work experience.
Great pay and benefits, very smart people.
Great benifits and corporate atmosphere minus the bias towards favoring minority opinions
Great company to work for if you are new hire. Benefits are great. Great life balance depending on which team you are in
Great benefits, flexible schedule, opportunity for growth, education benefits
Discounts on cool products, great benefits, unlimited snacks.
Excellent and challenging job assignments. Good pay for work performed. Great people!!
Highly competitive pay, unmatched benefits, flexible schedules, lots of other perks
great work life balance and great autonomy
State of the art engineering practices. Highly skilled coworkers willing to share knowledge and techniques for developing software. Good benefits and salary.
This is an IT gigant. Very interesting and positive experiance!
chill attitude, good benefits, large entity
Work-life balance is great, stress is low
Provides the resources and flexibility to explore new and exciting technologies.
Company is fairly new in the retail game, so there are tons of growth opportunities. Great for people who love change.
The pros are very team dependent, som teams runs very efficiently while others do not. In my experience, it's a big place with lots of opportunities to learn and move.
WL balance .people .environment engineering technology
-Great benefits -Flexible Work Hours -Great environment to work in
Great cross group collaboration. Work with great minds.
Reliable, annual reviews, good work/life balance
Good salary and review payouts Awesome teams Lots of room to move to other groups/teams Awesome work life balance and support working from home
The work life balance is great, The pay is decent for silicon valley, People and environment are great
Smart people, big goals, and lots of resources. I learned a tremendous amount from working there 18 years. I'm so grateful I had the chance to grow with the company.
Some good technology, but not as cutting edge as they lead you to believe.
Lots of different projects going on. Well established and stable. Good place to start your career. Lots of free software (and games if you work in Xbox).
Work hard, play hard. Tons of brilliant people. With the same work ethic.
Great Account Teams and access to customers. Ton of solutions if you want to sell something different in a few years. So many choices and a lot of good people. Great from Sales to Services with a lot invested into growing you as an employee.
1. Benefits. Benefits. Benefits. Including pay. 2. Flexible schedules in most groups. 3. Company reinventing itself - new CEO making huge difference, setting the right strategy 4. Due to transformation, many opportunities to move around internally, to make an impact 5. Really great people - smart, motivated, innovation-minded, fun 6. Access to so many resources from technology to information to hardware to collaborators 7. Stock is up! 8. Many group embrace Agile methodology for engineering.
Nice people, good work environment, decent pay
IT IS A GREAT EXPERIENCE.
free sodas and a nice campus
Fantastic benefits that you will be hard pressed to find anywhere else Incredible resources in teams, staff, and budgets Strong, passionate team
benefits salary location work culture work life balance great place for career development
The employees and staff are some of the best I've ever encountered, and the bosses are understanding and lenient.
Work with the latest technologies in Microsoft stack Big solutions to big problems, particularly customer facing ones Very impact driven and motivated
at microsoft citycenter there is a great cafe on the 26 floor and has great views of the city. The job pays well. Overall good job and company. There is really good security, you need you rmicrosoft card to get in elevators and out on every floor.
Some very smart people work here and most of the folks working here love what they do, at least on the Team that I used to be part of.
Empowered to make decisions Interesting work Exposure to global business and strategy Excellent work-life balance
Empowered to make decisions Interesting work Exposure to global business and strategy Excellent work-life balance
Great talent from everywhere.
Smart people. Reasonable Compensation. Fast Pace. Global Opportunities.
Manageable hours and good work life balance.
Great benefits and you work with some smart people
Cutting edge technologies Great people Good salary & benefits
Benefits, campus, learning opportunities, broad scope and scale of experiences, bleeding edge technology and services on a big scale, the opportunity to work with some of the best and brightest people and teams. Most teams and groups are good, some are incredible. Your experience and growth can be merit based and not seniority based in the right groups and teams.
Great Benefits. Great brand with tons of opportunity.
Company vision is strong and culture/drive is there to actually complete it. Work life balance in spades. Great people, smart leadership.
Great benefits, unlimited learning opportunity, remote working
A great place to work.
Had great experience and great people.
Great people to work with, tons of opportunity.
Great company benefits, love the atmosphere, always learning environment and would recommend to anyone
Good work life balance and not a lot of stress. The company has more cash and more employees than it needs.
stability, solid benefits, competitive salary, being part of a well known brand. fantastic retirement perks.
Great company with many skilled people. Lots of room for growth. The resources available (such as libraries of info/data) are astounding.
Benefit, work environment, flexibility, exposure to different areas.
If you're looking for the mythical software team with a real focus on good work/life balance, in my opinion Microsoft is well worth looking at. No longer the cool kid on the block, but doing some great, innovative work and, rather than being able to make their employees instant millionaires, are focused on good work/life balance and very good overall compensation.
Solid benefits, flexible work schedule, generally decent people to work with, interesting problems to solve.
Finding a good team within Microsoft is gold. There are so many opportunities, and, in my experience, the company is generally supportive of employees changing disciplines and expanding their careers.
Quite a few things are changing at Microsoft, which is good. So things are a bit confusing for sure... but it's very interesting.
nice place to work. smart teams.
Articulated career path for most disciplines, industry standard benefits.
Nice company. The best benefits I have ever had.
Benefits here are great for both full and part time employees. Fun place to work even on the busiest days. Even the store meetings are fun. And for the first 3 years I was there, it didn't feel like I was just working retail - it felt like I was part of something bigger and a lot better.
Best working environment with flexibility to balance work life. Great benefits. Encouragement and support to switch disciplines and try new things.
Great company to work for!
Microsoft is big and have many good technologies foundations. Work and life is very balanced in average.
+ Company Store is awesome + Backroom is awesome + Benefits are great + Pay is not too shabby for retail
Great company, tons of product teams to move around, flexible work-life balance, job stability
Good benefits Good work life balance Broad impact Smart people  Overall, Microsoft is a pretty decent place to work if you are on the right team.
Good perks, benefits as well as co-workers. An open minded space, where they let you express and bring your ideas to the table.
Excellent work-life balance, good atmosphere, plenty of freedom to choose your own career path
Lots of benefits and flexible hours
Microsoft is an exciting place to be these days. Lots of new opportunities to truly reach a global audience. You feel that you are making an impact. Also, for many roles great flexibility to work from home and support for flexible schedules.
work-life balance, my manager and team are great
Great benefits and opportunities to learn new skills
Good health care benefits for employees and spouses
It's splendid for someone looking to coast and get some good compensation while doing so. Good benefits, free drinks, and work-life-balance is too good to be true.
Good Cross Team movement Great respect for employees Smart people around. Redmond is great affordable place to live.
Innovation, Structure within the organization, drive, creativity, boundless opportunities
Good Company to work for.
The breadth of products and services, innovation, talent, resources and overall benefits make this a great place to work. The leadership team, company strategy and "learning mindset" culture are well positioned to take Microsoft into the future. The company's focus on empowerment has resulted in thoughtful investments in philanthropic giving which could really move the needle in the communities that stand to benefit.
Nice for beginners. Great Internal opportunities.
Great benefits, competitive compensation package. Great relevance on the market and great to have on the resume.
Company culture is changing for good reasons under the new leadership.
Lots of benefits and flexible hours
Amazing people and Ideas. Great work/life balance.
Good pay, flexible with school schedule, benefits for part time & full time employees, and exciting atmosphere. Nice perks here and there when new products come out.
Great company with great talented people.
Terrific technical talent and seemingly unlimited resources. The CEO and his directs are strong champions for reinventing Microsoft. Got to work on software used by a billion people.
lot of opportunities in working on different technologies/domain,
can work on very public projects.
There are some very smart people, and some of the work is interesting.
If you love challenges and stay on top of technology. This is the company for you.
Great pay and benefits They have a massive poll once a year and they really seem to listen to our responses When you have a good manager, you are set up to do well and advance in pay/responsibilities
great colleagues interesting challenges respectful work environment in local office
Great work life balance, salary and benefits and very smart and friendly peers. People really care about the company and stay on for a long time.
Some of the most talented people I've ever had the opportunity to work alongside with. Input was welcome from all levels and all disciplines. Ownership of certain project aspects was encouraged. Credit was given and recognized by those who deserved it. The group I was in operated akin to a Special Operations Group. If they brought you in they knew that you were good at what you did, so they allowed you to designate your own targets independently without having to get full authorization from Command.
Started as a vendor and was converted to full-time.
Great wage for very little responsibility. Great benefits, pays for parking, and really teaches you skills to use in a real IT role.
Good work life balance, interesting and challenging work, cutting edge technology, super-smart people, global reach
Good work life balance. The benefits are neat. The working environment has been refined and become more modern.
good salary, projects, perks, interesting technical problems
For a intern to work in a IT company like Microsoft is a privilege, you get the chance to know more the market, the tecnology and the future of it. In 1 year working here, I were able to see the market and to have a more mature understanding of it and the opportunity to see the future of technology.
this is a good place
great passionate people to work with
Challenging, lots of different products you can work on, great location, great people
People are exceptional. Mature employee management systems and culture. Growth mindset.
Work-life balance, decent compensation. Depending on a team, may even get some interesting challenges and work with strong people
Great environment to work in. Plenty or room for growth.
World-class research in computer science and related areas.
Great people, great benefits, opportunities to have worldwide impact
Very professional, lots of talented and smart people.
It's a good company to start your career. Get a decent exposure to the development model.
Microsoft is stable, treats their employees well, pays their employees well, get to work with a lot of smart people, free beverages, reimbursement up to $800 for fitness expenditures, top notch benefits, huge positive impact in people's lives, lots of opportunities if you look, can be a great experience if you find a good manager.
Fantastic place to work, Good environemnt
A lot of options/teams with wide spectrum of technologies and fields within the company. Good benefits. Good work/life balance, but totally depends on the team.
Smart people, great benefits, awesome work culture
One of the best companies in the world. Lot of new and innovative products being launched every year.
The dev focus Microsoft has is a breath of fresh air from companies that are overly bureaucratic in their development processes.
- Interesting & challenging work - Work like balance
Great big scope, great benefits and salary, and world wide impact. Very smart people to work with, and interesting problems.
Working at Microsoft allows you to make a big Impact on people and business Its great to work and learn from so many smart people
Great place to network how ever, you need a sponsor
Heavily resourced Strategic vision at the top Great salary and benefits Opportunity and work flexibility
A great place to work for with really good benefits.
Lots of challenges and opportunities for people who wants to grow, Good work life balance
Benefits are good, pay is ok. i think they are trying to improve the company from above, senior leadership gets it - almost...
i really like the people who work here
Lots of challenges and opportunities for people who wants to grow, Good work life balance
Smart and talented people to work with. Front of technology and devices. Variety of work. Pay scale above average. Great benefits - take full advantage. Great 401K matching - most I've ever seen.
Well-resourced company, great team members, high level of benefits
awesome company perks benefits days off vacation i cant say much more about this company because i love them so much
Broad view of the business, left to right across all segments. Ability to make decisions with limited supervision. Able to impact multiple roles.
Great work life balance Pay is great
big company with massive data.
Amazing support and Understanding associates
High scale projects Products used by millions of people. Cutting edge technologies
Smart People around, and great work-life-balance
Great engineering talent, who are fast and focused
Smart people, great CEO, socially conscious, reasonable work-life balance, tons of opportunity to move and try something new, constantly challenging
Super company, exciting technology, great for over achievers and technology geeks.
good product line, technology, co-workser
Good work-life balance, good benefit, vacation plan, You’re always going to have opportunities to grow within the company. You have a great way to gain experience through mentor-ships. Amazon has a very casual work environment
Flexible work schedule with the ability to work from home.
Large organization, lot of technologies, challenges,teams, locations to work for. Employees are in average pretty smart
Ability to work remotely, managers let people work relatively unrestrained, good compensation and benefits. The MSFT brand is becoming more relevant.
It's a big company. There's great opportunity to find the position that's right for you, due to the wide portfolio of businesses that Microsoft possesses. The technology is awesome, and you get to work with really smart, motivated people.
Benefits, salary, lots of opportunity
Great work environment. Very friendly interviewer.
Benefits Great co-workers Techological Heavyweights New and exciting technology breakthroughs
Awesome job With a lot of perks and benefits
Amazing benefits and great compensation, hard to compete in the Seattle area with them. Great training programs and extra perks
It is really really fantastic and I love working there a lot. Every day is a joy
People are great, smart. Lots of benefits. Vibe is generally good and upbeat
Great people, good company that takes good care of employees in general,
Love learning all the new technology in the cloud. There is a lot of opportunity to grow your career. And there's a lot of different departments such as consulting or product management.
Great place to work. Exciting.
The Microsoft online store team does a great job keeping the goals clear and rallying together to reach those goals.
Good Salary, Benefits. Opportunity to work with product development and manage a global business. You can move around different parts of the company to find your passion and a good fit.
People are great, smart. Lots of benefits. Vibe is generally good and upbeat
Microsoft has a great reputation and offers fantastic benefits. Strong leadership corporate strategy sets Microsoft up for many future successes, especially within the Cloud arms race.
great work life balance provided
Good atmosphere. Relaxed approach. People were very nice and always ready to provide insight.
Global organization and organization culture
Amazing place to work at I absolutely love it.
Benefits, nice office, they applied my GC
Great projects, strategic initiatives, progressive company and of course fantastic benefits. Very smart and driven people
Great projects, strategic initiatives, progressive company and of course fantastic benefits. Very smart and driven people
Nice environment, good people, nice surroundings, and overall pretty sweet place to work at. The vibe is nice and its not in Silicon Valley, if you're into that.
Great company to work for, industry-leading benefits, 401k 50% match, ESPP etc, lots of opportunity to move up and grow but...
Best place to work hands down
Great benefits, excellent pay, good company to work for. Assists with relocation, advancing your career. Provides advancement opportunities.
Long term vision of company is pretty clear. Talking the right things
competitive salary and benefit. great leadership in general
Great learning experience over Microsoft Products. Good company within the store. Really exciting new product reveals, always nice to see new Microsoft Products release, and it's a plus to be able to test drive devices that aren't officially in the market yet.
Great pay, good work environment, amazing leadership, great benefits, and a growth mentality is enforced. They are really focused on taking care of the customers, they go out of their way for customer satisfaction. Everyone in leadership here is honest, caring, and a joy to be around. I've been here for 4 months and I've grown in many areas. One thing I love about leadership is they care about you as a person and not just an employee. So often times they will ask questions to make sure you're at your best so you can excel. I watched my trainer get promoted in the short time I've been here and they encourage people to move up in the company. My hiring manager actually pulled me to the side and showed me some positions to apply for. They are amazing here.
We enjoy the working atmosphere and the friendly staff around the company. Almost the salary is descent.
Growth areas are very rewarding to work for. Wonderful impact opportunities at Azure, Apps. good people, very smart leadership.
Great Leadership and Culture, Good pay, good benefits, great opportunites
Definitely huge and allows for someone to make a true global impact if you find the right team. Be sure to research the line of business and trajectory of the product you will support.
Collaborative environment, workplace flexibility (depending on your role), and the best benefits you will ever find in a private sector company. It's also been aggressively innovating now that it's lagged behind in the consumer electronics space. Exciting place to be, and definitely the best company I've worked for. I felt like they definitely took care of me as an employee.
Benefits, benefits, benefits. It's a shame the Company isn't better at touting how incredibly rich the benefits/perks are to external candidates.  The culture is changing to be more collaborative and innovative.
A lot of ways to grow technical knowledge Wide area of exposure to technology
Good benefits, good work environment
MS is a great place, they take really good care of their employees. Gives you everything you need to be productive. It's very easy to stay here forever, because you can switch teams if you get bored and need totally different kind of experience. Switch from web-dev to machine learning to game design etc
Exposure to exceptional talent in a passionate work environment. Customers were highly motivated to engage with our team to drive value and Return on Investment.
Lots of fun intern events such as hike to Mt.Rainier, Sounders game, Boeing tour, etc. Very friendly and intelligent people in MSR.
Every team is different in microsoft but lot of freedom and challenging problems to work on.
Smart coworkers. Nice campus and perks. Everyone uses your product. Dogfooding.
High growth and fast paced Tremendous talent of people Free drinks Amazing campus
- Awesome total compensation: salary, bonus, stock - Easy to move within the company - Does good things for the community: Giving Campaign - Excellent health insurance, vacation, perks
They drive employees to grow and improve themselves through training and moving into other roles. You're surround by lots of really smart people.
Microsoft is chock full of passionate, intelligent folks who are driven to succeed. Although they have been waning in recent years, Microsoft can still boast some of the best corporate benefits to be found anywhere.
Health Insurance, Pay, Benefits and work life balance. Always new positions to progress into people are always moving around...very growth oriented company.
Very smart, talented, engaged people. Great projects to work on. Endless learning/growth opportunities. Great perks such as bus transportation.
Easy to ramp up. Friendly environment for new comers and family, good work-life balance
Salary, Company culture, challenging work
Flexibility, autonomy, and varied responsibilities
Great place to work. Lots of interesting work. Company is going in the right direction.
The pay and benefits are good. Opportunity fort career advancement exists if you are willing to put in the effort. Job stability is very good too.
great culture, intelligent people, work-life balance
Benefits Compensation Passion from organization around making everyone better as a team
Good future state plan. Strong devices platform in XBOX and Surface. Strong software platform win windows and azure.
I was on a great team of people with an admirable manager. That makes all the difference in the world at a large company. I worked with extremely smart, driven, talented people.
Good Company with interest in latest Technologies.
The company has great culture. You get a chance to work on products used by millions of users so your changes can be seen in the real world.
The benefits are top of the line. Between health benefits, to intramural sports, to commuter options. Plus we love the area.
Great benefits and pay. Microsoft is striving forward to be more open and shed off the pre-existing bureaucracy. At the same time, they're working hard to make better and more secure products .
Pay is great, benefits are good
Awesome place to work, specifically within Xbox. So many internal programs focused on diversity and inclusion. I've been fortunate to work within an organization lead by true people-managers that genuinely care about managing people and careers, not accepting a manager position as a selfish career-advancement. People often talk about "having impact" as a reason to look for gigs at smaller companies. I'd argue that you have even more opportunity for impact at a company as large as MSFT because of the inherent scope and reach that the company already has - leverage it, don't fear it.
If you want to be part of the data driven culture change at Microsoft consider working in the Azure AppPlat AUX team. This is where the innovation is happening and research is at the heart of it. Great culture, fun people, and excellent opportunity for researchers to impact with foundational research that makes a difference.
Ability to Impact Feel empowered Strategic thinking Ability to build teams Compensation
Microsoft has great pay and awesome benefits. Plenty of opportunities to move around within the company when it is time to try something new.
Amazing culture and great people. High collaborative environment, everyone is willing to help each other succeed. Always something cool going on.
Good salary and perks. Many smart people. Old company that will probably be around for a while.
Benefits Salary Brand Microsoft works on various technologies and areas and you are bound to get interested in something Own office (Probably a con)
People are a key asset
Benefits Salary Brand Microsoft works on various technologies and areas and you are bound to get interested in something Own office (Probably a con)
Amazing benefits, great company culture, a lot of access to tools to help develop your skillsets and advance your career.
Team atmosphere Opportunity for Growth Flexible work/life balance
Large company with plenty of resources for projects.
It is a good place to work
Beautiful Campus Cutting Edge Technology Lots and lots of free perks
Lots of smart people, big projects, great benefits & salary
Stable, continuously rediscovering itself, it's amalgamation of several small companies (orgs)
- Good benefit and salary - Abundant resources (PC, mouse. etc)
The people, benefits, learning opportunities, challenging situations, and everyday growth make one year of experience working for Microsoft equal to three years of experience working anywhere else.
Great people and good benefits.
Great benefits, compensation, work with really smart people and household companies
Safe and stable career prospects. Lovely benefits, and diverse and positive work culture.
Great company. Great benefits. Excellent resources at the execution level. A lot of great folks at senior management.
Good perks...benefits, resources, nice campus and facilities.
Once, there was great, exciting work, a commitment to quality and standards, and the feeling that you mattered. If you had the luck to be on a good team with a supportive manager like I was, the sky was the limit to what you could imagine and achieve. You felt empowered to constantly take on more responsibility, learn new skills, promote your ideas, and be compensated and appreciated appropriately. Even today, the people working there are very smart, and some are interesting. Microsoft treats its employees quite well. The campus is beautiful, the food is good, some people still get private offices, and the charitable match, tuition reimbursement, fitness, free commute and parking, and other benefits are fantastic. Plus you get a lot of prestige, respect, discounts etc. by working for Microsoft.
Career growth opportunities, training, benefits
Great people with good morals.
Smart people, good benefit, nice working environment
Great perks, pay and benefits
This is a very established company attempting to work as a start-up. Demanding work, peer comradery, benefits, and pay are all excellent.
Compensation is probably the best around. Chance to be part of something used by millions globally. There's little end to the variety of things you can work on. If you have an idea, you can usually pursue it.
Good Pay, you get to work with smart people, and work in products that millions use.
Lots of interesting & smart people, diversity
great place, awesome folks, lots of activities
The company is doing a number of innovative things in consumer and business to business/cloud technologies. Very smart people in engineering and marketing organizations. You are responsible for your career development.
The pay was decent. That's the only positive thing I can say for this company, and it is the only reason I would advise anybody to work there.
New CEO Satya Nadella has a vision and it's working.
Great to work, Fun environment
Fairly stable, better direction of the company with Satya with a large emphasis on cloud IaaS, PaaS and SaaS with an easy entry into cloud with extra support
Exceptional leadership locally and at CEO level. Challenging the industry in many ways. Local leaders do an exceptional job of taking care of and promoting their people, they are serious about the business of leading and growing business
I thoroughly enjoyed working at Microsoft. I had my own office which was really nice and got to work with some great people. * Good salary * Good healthcare and dental and vision * Decent 401k contributions * Employee stock purchase program
Great place to work with brilliant set of engineers. Wide varieties of technology choices with good work life balance.
great company culture, great employees, very progressive and forward-thinking, innovation is at an all-time high, great CEO leadership
- get to work on interesting problems - career growth - people - benefits - work-lift balance
Microsoft has many many great talents. I generally enjoyed working with my colleagues. The company is also very resourceful. Due to its size, you can find expert on almost anything. We're also solving some of the worlds toughest problems, which makes it an interesting and inspiring workplace.
Leadership is MUCH better with Satya!!  Finance team is very solid!
Good work-life balance, company actively supports employees well being. CEO seems to be very sharp and visionary. Cultural change is generallly positive.
Unlimited opportunity to grow knowledge and skills
Smart people. Great tools. Processes exist. Work life balance
The culture change is real! Employees are encouraged to collaborate and work across groups to deliver results. There is a wide variety of roles which help ongoing career growth.
Microsoft is an awesome company to work for, benefits and bonuses are awesome and really reachable. Growth opportunity is amazing wether it be on the retail side or corporate. If you excel at your stretch role, traveling to other stores is encouraged.
Some of the most amazing tech industry leaders work for Microsoft, and you will feel their influence. Drives you to work harder, and better yourself. Access to the bleeding edge of patterns, practices, tools, technology, and thinking. You are given access to more training venues and opportunities than you will reasonably be able to take advantage of. If you want to learn more about any tech, this is the company for you. Given lots of freedom to maintain work/life balance (see caveat in Cons). Leading the way with cutting edge review processes that work toward keeping employees from being a number (we're still transforming this process, and it has it's quirks, but is . Company leadership as a whole truly care about your work life. They ask for lots of feedback, and I have personally witnessed the company change direction in a big way based on employee feedback. Benefits are about the best you'll get. In my particular division (Microsoft Services), you will get to meet LOTS of industry leaders, and power players at Microsoft and other big enterprises across the world. If you want to expand your network, this is one of the best jobs around. Wallflowers don't last long at this company.
Flexible working, free fruit and water, able to work remotely as and when needed, lots of freedom
- Vacation and benefits package is superb - It's a company that has successfully reinvented itself in the last 3 years and has a real world-changing purpose rather than a company just chasing ever more profit - Amazing colleagues - Great career prospects
Fantastic opportunities all around and cultural change under Satya Nadella leading MSFT to new and previously unexplored opportunities. Never seen the "business side" of Microsoft more open to new ideas and a growth mindset.
Industry leader, flexible. Excellent 401k.
Good people, good system and good objective
Vacation policy is generous. Parental leave is very generous. Daily schedule is very flexible. Most of the IC are smart, creative people.
Great pay and benefits. Company culture is improving. If you're on the right team, there's lots of interesting work to be done.
work life balance is good
Good pay, benefits Smart people Good work-life balance
My manager is experienced, learned a lot from him
- challenging work - compensation - work life balance
Company has a variety of good onsite training opportunities that are worth taking advantage of. Bonuses and stock grants are good incentives for doing well.
Great work life balance, opportunity, and decent pay.
Lots of talented people to learn from. Unlimited resources to do R&D.
Nice people to work with.
Good working atmosphere for intern , everyone is ambitious and efficient
Complex because of legacy code that needs to work while rushing forward with new features. Culture is changing and becoming more fair.
Great starting pay compared to other retailers. They provide health benefits and 401k to part timers.
There is a good work life balance. Lots of opportunity for advancement (at least in the lower levels) Since it is a big company, there are a lot of teams to choose from if you want to transfer
Great place to land coming out of college as an engineer. I was surrounded by strong technical mentors and able to get up to the speed of industry without regularly working ridiculous hours. Truly appreciate the culture of work life balance
Very fast-paced and challenging environment. Great, if you're the type of person who likes to remain very busy.
Pay, Benefits, Career Opportunities, Philanthropy- Incredible matching for what you care to help, Brand Power, Talented People, Impact of my work on Society, Some very good managers that lead for the right reasons
Great place, colleagues and perks.
Opportunities for huge customer impact
Great benefits and talented colleagues
Microsoft is a huge company that feels like a collection of many small/medium companies. Your experience can vary a lot from division to division, team to team.
Loved my co-workers Semi-private offices aided concentration Great lifestyle networking
Great benefits, nice campus. Great benefits, nice campus.
- great benefits and vacation days - easy to find interesting jobs or to change positions internally - very good culture and it is possible to handle good work/life balance
Microsoft is a company that is really what you make of it. They have tons of learning opportunities for employees, pay very well, and really support their employees. You're working with some of the smartest people on the planet and most likely building products that millions to hundreds of millions of people use.
Big company where you can find your niche Pays well
* Main Support and Development Campuses are greatly funded. * Training and support documents available * Ability to make an impact on the company as a whole * Medical Benefits are Above Average to Great * Bonus Incentives and Monetary Benefits are Above Average to Great * Main Campuses offer various amenities per region including, Outdoor Activities, Great Quality Lunches at decent to low prices, Decent Discounts on Microsoft Only Products at Company Stores * Excellent Work/Life Balance. You work when you are scheduled - Scheduling is Fair and Traditional * Numerous Career Opportunities to those that choose to earn them * Software Benefits to the Entire Microsoft Software Catalog for personal use free. * Company is in the growth to a new direction of a Unified Organization of Knowledge and Collaboration * Excellent Disability, Maternal/Paternal, and Retirement options * Strong understanding and respect of diversity, culture, and religions * Fantastic and Encouraging Orientation/Onboarding Events * Host yearly events company wide * Strong Morale and team building events and company hosted lunches  [Personal Note: I have felt the most accomplished, valued, and respected of all the companies I have EVER worked at for any industry or service. I have work in the last 13 years for about 20 companies - Microsoft has been the best so far in every field. except overall communication - but that seems to be the shortcomings of Humans in general]
Great benefits: HSA, stock bonus, stay fit allowances, etc.
1. Good Culture 2. Family friendly
Great company with lots of benefits. Healthcare package, discounts all around town. Global presence. Get to interact with a diverse crowd. The company promotes its employees sharing each others' cultures and ideas through alias lists.
Good benefits, good pay, flexible work schedule
Great benefits, smart people, access to decision makers, excellent products in the cloud, many career paths, value technical sales people
Benefits, flexibility, worKarina life balance travel
Money and benefits are great
Talented people, Great work environment. Takes good care of their employees
Global scale and impact and exciting company transformation that is currently underway. incredible variety of products, technologies and business areas to work on and learn from.
Nothing much as prons. very good company to work with
Nice work/life balance. Thought provoking problem solving. Good benefits
Amazing people and challenging work
Good pay and benefits including generous stock awards. The company is financially secure. Good work-life balance for the most part.
The biggest pro of working at Microsoft is for the brand. Microsoft is great company overall and has a good vision
- Friendly, smart people - Interesting work & ability to work on exactly what interests you if you drive for it. - Relatively good work/life balance in comparison to some competitors. - I am a fan of the newer open workspaces.
great work life balance. Great salary and benefits. Open to any technology. It's a all together new Microsoft now.
You will work with some of the most talented people on a wide variety of projects
Great small company to be a part of. Lots of experience gained.
Good salary Friendly environment Opportunity to improve
Great benefits. Many opportunities for taking on challenging projects.
Working with intelligent people to solve interesting problems. Loved coming to work at least 90% of the time. Many career development opportunities. If you work hard you can taken on any position you want and set your mind too. Invests in their employees. Given opportunities to develop and grow, was able to move overseas for 3 years, offered world-class training. Supportive management Great benefits
Amazing company with fantastic vision and desire to help the world. You will make an impact working here.
Good people, great tech, good pay.
Great Company fun place to work, managers could be better
People are friendly and smart. Always have interesting and challenging work
Work life balance, great co-workers and culture.
I joined Microsoft just out of college and it was a great experience. There are a lot of smart and cool people, the pay is good, and it's a great place to learn more than you can possibly get in classroom.
place ,job was intersting and timing was appropriate for me
the company has a thick layer of talents and a large number of groups doing various things from hardware, software, cloud, and etc. ample opportunity to learn and move within the company
Good pay, Remote work, great products and company vision, good benefits
Flexibility, Good salaries, Good benefits
the compensation is still competitive, with comprehensive medical benefits, a lot of vacation days and a nice office to work in. stock and bonus every year.
Competitive Benefits, great people, challenging work, lots of opportunities
nothing good in it, I really hate the manager in Microsoft
Great benefits and flexible hours. The culture is always evolving and the people are great to work with. Annual hackathon and morale events are the best.
Great benefits, solid financially, interesting technology. Almost no work-life balance.
Excellent work/life balance for a tech job
Learn different technologies. easy to move teams, work on large systems with large number of customer
A great place to work if you want a stable job and strong benefits. You don't have to work hard.
very matured company, you will be exposed to very good processes.
Money to spend - lots of it. Great benefits. Get in before 9:30am and you've beat 90% of the employees. Rush hour near campus is 10am and 4pm.
Great benefits, surrounded by smart people, fast paced dynamic and constantly changing environment
I work with really intelligent, hardworking, dedicated people, the best manager I've ever had, and I have the flexibility to do my job my way. The pay and benefits are great, the work is interesting, and the hours are reasonable.
A lot of talented professionals. Very interesting and rewarding work and projects. Very fun when focus is maintained on the right things.
good team work, a lot of flexibility, nice working environments. good family benefits. support volunteer chances and match. Child care benefits.
a good place to learn how to build a software. salary is ok if you live in Seattle.
Great benefits Lots of talented people Culture is improving
Good pay. Great benefits. Lots of opportunity to move around the company. Get to work on some really innovative projects.
You can add your own feedback
Great benefits, great location, great people
Nice place to gain experience/ nice people to work with/
Work life balance is okay for most teams. Benefits are pretty good, especially parental leaves. Rather good job security. Technology wise, things are heading towards the right direction (progressively).
A lot of talented professionals. Very interesting and rewarding work and projects. Very fun when focus is maintained on the right things.
Personal office space, company gym in Redmond was phenomenal, wide variety of divisions to work in . Interns treated very well with large mid summer intern party, and intern social groups.
Great group supporting CRMLive, great technology and supporting groups
- Earn a pretty decent living with great health benefits - Reasonable hours - Beautiful campus
General commitment to the 9-5, flexible with work hours, work from home, etc. Can be a slower pace when a product isn't about to launch The company culture is 'inoffensive', which is not necessarily a bad thing
good location, good city, good work
You control your own time, can work from home, amazing resources, pay well. I had high hopes when I starting working at Microsoft and in my two years it is better than I hoped!
Lots of budget. Travel. Oportunities and tech inside information.
the benefits were good. The people were expert in their field. The job security was great.
good work/life balance people are friendly buildings are nice good benefit company culture is pretty good for most of employees
I love working at the Mountain View campus. Much younger teams, and due to the location, people were fairly self aware of the competition as opposed to HQ in Redmond where your life revolves around Microsoft since it's the only player in town.
Great corporate culture and training and support.
Good work-life balance, great people, great techniques, great pay, great future potentials!
Amazing benefits and shuttle service
Awesome in terms of Perks and culture
I love Microsoft, I came in thinking I was only going to stay a couple years- but soon I found my dream job and now I think I'll be here a long time. I've had 3 jobs in 3 years, but they were all great, and now I am happier than ever.
Fast paced environment, worked with very smart co-workers, challenges never ended, exposed to some of the largest customers in varying industries.
Great way to gain experience and jump into IT.
Good energy based on Satya's leadership and direction. Smart people all over the company
Good pay, not a lot of stress
Huge scope, lots of different customers and lines of business to work with, teams (in my area) can operate quite independently and have full ownership of their domain without micro management from above.
lots of smart people there
Lots of variety and change... Getting better at making products customers want.
Great company. Good benefits. Very competent Co-workers. Good managers for the most part. You can get promoted in level without getting a new position to a certain extent. Your career path is your own. You can do anything you're passionate about.- there's no pre-determined path.Options to work from home.
Competitive salary and benefits, potential to work on important products and projects with smart & hardworking people, flexible work/life balance, CEO and executive leadership team seem committed to overcoming the sins of the past.
Great work environment. Great people. Great benefits!
great company to work for
Amazing people to work with. Broad product set
Fast-paced project and delivery cycle. FTE is allowed to make various decisions and not constrained by management.
You can count on one hand how many companies are building the cloud at the scale at which Microsoft is building it.
One of my mentors at Microsoft once told me that you can have one 20 year career, or 10 2 year careers at Microsoft. If you have the talent, drive and determination, there's almost no limit as to what you can do, or where you can go. Even with a lot of competition (Google, Facebook, etc), it still draws and attracts a lot of intelligent, driven, and ambitious people.
Good salary, free drinks, great on-campus food options.
Great pay, benefits, and stability
Great technical challenges, path-breaking work, great work culture.
Good benefits and great opportunities to learn People are friendly and willing to help Workload is not extremely high
Overall, a good company. Lot of opportunities to learn. Good perks. Less taxes in Washington, hence more savings.
Great company to work for and has a great strategy. Teaches you about giving back.
I joined as part of an acquisition, and am in a role that will not be continued. Microsoft has been really decent in giving those of us in this situation lots of notice and reasonable bonuses for staying on short term. They have even been helpful to some people to find new roles within the organization. Its not great to get laid off but they have handled it really well. These things can be a lot worse
Improved culture & clarity in strategies from senior management.
Benefits and pay are very competitve in aggregate.
I greatly enjoyed my time at Microsoft and found it's a place where employees are highly empowered and can still make a difference if they are willing to take ownership and drive change. Satya has brought about a much more modern and open Microsoft than in previous years - fast deployment and standard service practices are the norm nowadays. The connection with opensource and other industry technologies is very refreshing and creates a lot of opportunity that was not there before.  - Executive leadership willing to change course when necessary - Azure as a platform is reaching critical mass - Fast, modern services culture is becoming universal across the company
Very Self Managed Great Benefits Ability to learn whatever you want Good support structure in colleagues and their available help
great place to work and career growth.
Great senior leadership, great technology, loads of smart people.
good environment, no good food court,
Good pay, good benefits. Microsoft is a company in a continuous transformation.
Office org seems very well organized compared to wdg. World wide impact Well known company
The thing I liked most was the benefits I got. Microsoft treats their employees great. Even as a part time associate I still received medical benefits.
Great people doing their best, lots of places to go when bored career wise. Not many companies have their fingers in this many jars.
Good benefits. Fast-paced. Exciting if working on a great product.
Do meaningful work, gain valuable experience.
-Good engineering groups and talent -Lot of focus on developing people -Large company perks
Within the company you get great access to resources and colleagues. There are mailing lists on many different subjects. Internal courses are good.
good benefits, close location, and big company that is well known
Despite the companies long history, they've been able to reinvent themselves, which makes coming to working both challenging and rewarding.
Benefits are good and many teams support flexible hours and work from home options. Pay appears to be about the norm considering all the extras.
1) Great working environment 2) Excellent pay 3) If you are a quick leaner, it is a great place for you!
Benefits, Flexibility, Latest Technology, Remote Work, Career Development
Comprehensive benefits, flexible hours, Interesting things to work on
- Work with intelligent, mostly supportive people - Nice PTO, 401(k) match, flexible work schedule - Great campus, competitive salary, easy to make horizontal moves within the company
Nice Campus, interesting projects, new products
Working at Microsoft was once a great place to work. It was filled with highly intelligent people, all committed to building great software and products. Free drinks and other benefits common at tech companies were fine such as gym membership and ample health benefits.
Lots of cutting edge projects going on. Get to work with smart people on tough technical problems. Pays well and benefits are awesome!
Azure is a great product
Suburban setting with many commute options, very flexible work schedule, beautiful campus with running trails. There are lots of varied projects that you can work on. You have the opportunity to make a big impact given that Microsoft software is widely used everywhere.
various products/technologies to work on
1) Great Network 2) Cool maker spaces 3) Meaningful Projects 4) Able to move around
Great, collaborative environment. Supportive management. Business owners who see the value in collaborating with Talent Acquisition.
Seattle (Redmond) is a beatiful campus, very easy to find everything closeby. Commute can be either horrible, if you choose to live in Seattle, or really nice if stay in Redmond, Bellevue etc. Anything from 10 minutes to more than an hour from door to door.  Compensation and benefits were good, even generous.  Plenty of good individuals and talented people. Some even worked as full time staff (FTE) but more as Contractors in my experience.  Had an opportunity to see a really badly done onboarding, benchmark I'm sure to remember and never to repeat. Which in itself is not that hard...  Friday's seemed to be casual ...meaning people either did not come to office or left pretty early. I don't play golf so was mostly working.  Saw an organisation I will never again need to consider for future positions.
New LT with Satya and an open mindset
Laid back work environment. Takes feedback and makes changes (though slowly). Get to engage with customers daily to solve problems.  Culture of inclusion and learning!!!!
The job I had was fun and challenging. The product was excellent, and improving.
This is an awesome company with really smart people, great benefits, and flexible schedules. Microsoft encourages an environment of individual growth and team work. Great place to Intern as they have a high hire percentage for interns. Satya is a great CEO with strong vision and is driving the company to a very bright future.
This is an awesome company with really smart people, great benefits, and flexible schedules. Microsoft encourages an environment of individual growth and team work. Great place to Intern as they have a high hire percentage for interns. Satya is a great CEO with strong vision and is driving the company to a very bright future.
The smartest and hardest working individuals found...you better have you A game or you won't last long. Continuous learning and growth is required outside of being the best in your position.
Different business groups with various interests, Global Opportunities, Sub-urban office location, decent pay and benefits.
best people, state of art technology and innovative company
Challenging work, Get to work on cutting edge technology, Make a difference in the world
* The company is constantly evolving and improving. It is heading in a great direction. * Wide range of interesting and hard technical problems to work on. I have never been bored. * When you have great management it can be very rewarding and fun. * Very smart people. * Fantastic benefits, 401k, Health, ESPP, Bonus and Stock, Holidays (MLK and Pres Day). * Very nice campus with places to walk and run and forests. * Culture is changing in a positive way.
Working flexibility - you ca work from home Career opportunity
Great benefit package for the employee and his / her family especially with access to the Microsoft store.
Good benefits, work life balance
great work life balance great health benefits nice and easy environment big organization you can switch around
Working in the right team is great, which I did most of the time during my 8 years there. There is tons of opportunity to pursue your desires, tons of flexibility and work/life balance, great pay and benefits.
Great place to work at
This was a great job. I was a telecommuter, so pretty much worked from home all the time. The people and work was a lot of fun.
Values thinkers and good decision making, not just doing for the sake of getting done. Hires able people.
Great opportunity for working on cutting-edge HW and SW for HoloLens program.
Large company, very stable, work/life balance
well rounded package and work life balance
Opportunity to learn and advance is encouraged
Microsoft is very good company to work for.
Good pay and benefits, offices could be a little better but still nice. Other employees are also generally nice and good
Lots of talented people you get to meet. It was amazing to see how a huge company works. And they treat their interns really well.
Do big things, meet smart people, learn processes and tools of big corporations.
i love where i work because you learn more thing day by day
Great benefits with good opportunities for growth. I would highly recommend a long term career here.
Smart people, good pay and benefits, working for world class corporation
Great gig Great Compensation Love owning product direction
ok salary and benefits big company
Great benefits. Lots of amenities on campus
Pay excellent for sector, colleagues smart, work environment topnotch.
Microsoft has the best work culture!
Learning, Impact on World, Competitive Benefits, Compensation, Crowd, Ability to innovate, cross-company collaboration is simple
You will be working latest technology and smart peopl
Great people and opportunities. Opportunity to work in cutting edge technology and scenarios - if you are driven
i love where i work because you learn more thing day by day
Compensation, benefits, challenge and opportunities for growth.
Lots of smart people. On the right team, lots of great energy. Great pay and benefits. Fairly safe and stable (aside from the occasional layoffs!).
Benefits are good. Somewhat stable if you follow a right manager. Smart people if you are lucky.
Easy access. Freedom to work as you see fit.
There's no more annual performance review, we're a fast paced cutting edge place to work in some areas, great ceo.
Great benefits and health benefits.
Very friendly co-workers and great working environment
good work life balance new opportunities different teams to choose from great people
Unlimited opportunity to grow and challenge yourself Fair pay and benefits (although Obamacare resulted in more expensive benefits) Opportunities to travel and do business internationally
Exposed to a lot of real-world projects Collaborative teamwork culture Great mentorship program Wonderful and dynamic environment to build strong skills Smart people
Each team has a unique culture. Wide variety of areas to work on... After Nadella took charge, he removed the restrictions to move around in the company.
I found Microsoft to be a great place to work. I have since left the company, but I made great connections during my employment there.
The company has great perks and a very relaxed culture
Lots of opportunities to move in company. Work constantly kept you challenged and at a fast pace. Make some good networking contacts.
Surrounded by smart people, great products, challenges galore, never worry about money. And if you get bored you can go to another part of the company without having to lose your seniority (office section, vacation, etc.)
Great place to learn niche technologies. Great work culture.
HR look after you, incredible opportunity to develop your career. Having Microsoft on your CV will help you for future roles.
Great opportunity to learn. Very smart people. Excellent pay and benefits. Great place to learn, but I would not recommend staying too long.
Work life balance, Good Benefits
Fantastic work place, very good environment to grow
amazing company to work at, super smart people. awesome benefits. many 'companies' in one. each business group could be its own company. the leadership sponsor movement across teams.
They really take care of their employees. People are really smart. You can learn a lot while working there. XXXXX.
Free coffee and soda etc!
A lot of areas you can move into. At least for my team, we have a lot of people joining and leaving all the time. I guess that could be a con in some cases :/
Solid company, good benefits, able to learn if so inclined. They did enhance their holidays for 2016.
Lots of resources Everybody knows the company
Good benefits, good team, good culture
Great benefits and can learn a lot of great things!
Great working and learning environment.
great place, great work, great balance
Great people, Great Projects, Diverse and Inclusive
Decent benefits package. Part time gets almost the same insurance options as full-time. Accured paid time off. Tuition reinburstment. Basically if you're maybe in highschool or starting college this might be a decent job, otherwise I can't recommend it.
Usually no long hours, good benefits, good working spaces, flexibility to switch teams. Provides a lot of flexibility for working hours.
Opportunity to work in different types of business
Great place to work, great benefits. Mostly independent working atmosphere, very conducive to work life balance.
Great Benefits! Like seriously top class benefits. Competitive salary. Chance to work on projects with huge reach
Great Benefits. Robust training support. Many opportunities to move internally.
Amazing perks and smart coworkers
Brand name, can't think of anything else that comes to mind. It's a big company and has it's reputation and most of them know the company all over the world.
Benefits are excellent. The people are nice.
Free Beverages and you get your own office
Love the company, love the culture and love the proficiency here. Nothing but chill, if I have a chance to work here, I would be perfectly enjoying my life here.
Good projects, C#, .Net, Office, Azure
The benefits were great. There were opportunities to learn new things. There is good work/life balance. Ability to telecommute.
Overall diverse responsiblities and always opportunity to work with the smartest people. I learned a lot. High ethical values and standards
There are lots of training that you can tap into. The new One Microsoft with the growth mindset means that everyone needs to help each other out. If you're happy with traversing your own path about what works with little direction, this is the place for you as a Program Manager (although, this is very dependent on the teams). If you're bored, not challenged or too challenged, you can always move to another team. Benefits are very good, and almost as great as an Australian standard employment work.
I work in the company for several years and feel good so far
Insurance is the best.401k, childcare reimbursement, paid time off, stock options, education reimbursement and much much more.
Microsoft offers the best benefits
Free health, dental and vision, 50% 401k match. Discount buying OS, office and Xbox games. Free bus pass in Seattle area.
Great opportunities to learn. Fun working with smart people. For women, the company offers women's conference annually with great speakers, which is very educational.
Many smart people who really want to do great work. Pockets of really exciting work on various teams. Stable job to just do some work.
Best work like balance. Projects depend upon the team but managers are willing to listen to your opinion
Great benefits, intelligent workforce, exposure to new and innovative technologies
Great experience. Lots of learnings
Great work environment, surrounded by smart people who are overachievers, with lots of availability for career improvement and movement within the company.
Interesting Projects. Opportunities and freedom for creativity
benefits are great! The work environment allows for you to work collaboratively and independently. No time clock to punch everyday. Smart people work here.
Great Company, Great Culture. Amazing Leadership with Satya at the helm.
Company offers opportunities for work on versatile interesting projects. Knowledgeable and professional collaborators. Flexible work hours and telecommuting arrangements are possible depending on the type of project/work.
Culture is changing to better. Less legacy hierarchy and bureaucracy. More open source. Less reinvent the wheel. More customer/revenue driven. More innovations. Combined engineering almost all over the place.
Changing culture, some smart people, some not so smart people. Like any large company it’s what you make of it. Good if you move around and keep fresh.
good work life balance. plenty of different teams to choose from.
Lots of Opportunity and great benefits
Big organization Well recognized brand, for better or worse
Company culture is awesome and great scope for growth.
Working with smart people. Building stuff that matters.
I've been a long time employee after starting several years ago right out of college. I have been on teams ranging from amazing to fantastic. There are certainly a diverse set of personalities to deal with but generally if you are not abrasive yourself, you will find yourself immediately part of the engineering community. The shifts in HR policy in recent years have really put Microsoft at the forefront of progressive changes and they do a good job of rewarding top performers.
Learned how to ship to large numbers of customers, how to work with large groups, good pay and work life balance
Satya's vision was the one thing that convinced me to join Microsoft. There are also plenty of smart ICs doing the real work on the ground. On the tech side, Azure has some very cool projects, especially around open hardware and DC design.
Great benefit, good internal movement opportunity
Interesting technology in several divisions, globally diverse and sharp co-workers, good (formerly great) benefits, good comp packages, terrific campus perks
Good people, everyone around you is really smart, and people want their work to be done well. Everyone takes pride in what they're doing.
Love working here. Great environment, lots of innovation
Work for millions worldwide. Excelent compensation & benefits Good work-life balance
Lots of different technologies to work on
Lots of different technologies to work on
Access to literally limitless resources and the true ability to capitalize on your own potential. Besides that, the prestige of the MS brand alone is a source of pride and huge inspiration
Great benefit, huge amount of resources to leverage (love the library!), high profile products, leading edge technologies in certain teams
Innovative, allows you to follow your passions
Great people, smart engineers, nice benefits
Very supportive and collaborative environment
You are trusted to work independently without micro- management.
Work-life balance is really good. People are supportive and approachable. The work itself is challenging and very satisfying and the perks are good too.
Solid first job out of college for those trying to build a resume or unsure of their career path. Great health benefits, cool tech perks, and a fun work environment. Tons of opportunities to learn computer competencies and become fluent in Office - skills that help in any future position. Microsoft as a whole has a strong company culture.
Benefits for family, pay when 65+ is solid, flexible hours.
Very competitive pay plus lots of incentives for staying longer. They are liberal with giving out stock but it usually takes several years to vest, meaning if you leave you lose it.
Great people to work with, extremely smart and good pay.
Big company, good benefits, nothing else
A very high caliber group of people to work with and a very large breadth of possible projects to work on. Great rewards and benefits. Fairly easy to move laterally insides the company.
Great place to work, work life balanced, great benefits.
Great pay, flexible work from home policy, great work/life balance.
amazing training, opportunities to work abroad, they take care of you and your familiy
Great place to start career.
you learn at lot and get to network with many bright people
Mentor program is great for learning new or improving existing skills
-Ample opportunities once you learn how to find them -Freedom to follow your passion -Genuinely helpful coworkers -Management open to feedback and welcomes change when it is going to help make things better -Open to ideas if you are willing to follow through -Cross site team communication (even globally) working as One Microsoft -100% Work life balance (work from home, leave on time - its all up to you) Overall: Love the people and the management!!!
I am able to take on a lot of responsibility as a Sr. Paralegal. Microsoft allows me to work independently. Microsoft provides great benefits for its employees and recently added two additional holidays.
Variety of products and technologies to work on, extra perks like legal, gym, transport card, high earning potential
Good company culture. believe strongly in the new CEO.
Systems and services we create are truely world class. We tackle problems few other companies can. You get a lot of freedom to innovate.
To properly review a company I think you need to consider many things. Everything from success stories, bad decisions, business practices, culture, company evolution and much more. With that and having 20 years at the company here's my pros and cons.  -Lots of success, especially in their server-side end of the business. -Lots of money in the bank to keep trying to win in areas they're not already. -Evolution into more of an agile based company. -A new leader who promises hope and proper guidance especially with respect to competitors.
Microsoft is a great company to work for, flexible time, great benefits, relaxed pace of work
You're working at one of the most important companies in the world. There is really great stuff to work on, but it seems to be getting harder and harder to work on interesting things. Campus is wonderful.
Talented People, Good Benefits. Flexible Works Hours.
Everything about working here is great! Truly a blessing!
Great place to work.Great benefits. Flexibility to work in different product groups
Great company with great benifits
Good experience which looks awesome on your resume. Get to work on super complicated research which no other tech company is working on
Big name in the industry. A few good peers. Good pay. Education and learning opportunities for those who want it.
Stable job, company isn't going to go away any time soon
They have a Great Culture, exciting new products with a fresh vision from the new CEO. The stock price has reflected the changes that have been made.
Nice, knowledgeable people. Lots of work.
At Microsoft, you’ll have an amazing range of opportunities. You might become an expert in a particular field or build proficiencies across many areas. You might be an individual contributor or become a manager. Because we have so many kinds of jobs in so many different places, you can stay in one building, city, or country, or you can cross borders—in person, or virtually.
A Great Brand, In A Great Place Right Now
With it being such a large company if you don't like your current job you can just find another without the hassle of moving to a new company. Big company with lots of resources make for lots of perks Most groups allow a good bit of flex in working hours.
Very good health care benefits. Access to the inside story on a lot of technologies. Your teammates are very smart.
work life balance very well.
Great benefits, real smart people, very generous in charitable endeavors
Smart coworkers Global thinking Strategic forethought
Good benefits and smart people.
- good benefits - flexible hours
Great people, benefits and culture
Opportunities to positively impact the experiences of billions of users Great work life balance Performance based incentives
- There are still lots of talented people at Microsoft - As an engineer, you get to work with great tools on systems that have huge scale - Great benefits, work environment, etc
Innovative, remote sourcing group for SMBDR, supportive, creative & know how to get things done (beyond goals) and have fun.
Company is starting to move in the right direction. Plenty of opportunities to learn and grow, even with non-Microsoft technologies. Old review/reward system is gone(ish) and work environment again exudes an air of opportunities for success as an employee
Suzhou is a beatiful and low cost city. Microsoft is very competitive company there
Great work/life balance. New focus since the new CEO took over.
Great pay, benefits, and people. You are heard and feedback is taken seriously. Top performers are rewarded
You get to work for a company that has had global impact, work alongside super smart people, great benefits, good work-life balance if you are not on the engineering side, ability to work remotely, very competitive compensation
Culture changing to much better.
Good place to work, I had no issues with the actual management, just the other employees. Fun and engaging all of the time
It is a big company, but there are many opportunities, it has a good life work balance.
Many opportunities and great compensation
Honestly there really weren't any. If I could rate you lower I would.
Many different roles and product teams to keep you interested. Seemingly endless resources to try new things and create great products. Company headed in the right direction.
Great company culture that values open communication. Relaxed, casual workplace lets great people do their best work. Opportunities to work on challenging problems with intelligent people. Very inclusive, with a diverse workforce. Competitive pay and benefits.
Benefits package is excellent, campus is very nice, lots of commute options.
Great people, company is transforming, outstanding career opportunity
Good pay. Awesome benefits. Moderate and balanced work life.
Challenging work, great benefits, cool people.
Good balance of compensation vs effort to meet performance expectations, good work/life flexibility, potential for variety of work, company's strong financial position.  Microsoft is a great place to have a lifestyle career that lets you work with fun/interesting people and focus your time/money on kids, hobbies or extracurricular projects.
Good Pay, smart people nice facilities
Good pay, great benefits, lots of opportunity
Competitive pay, good benefits, senior management appears smart.
You can tell that the company cares about it's employees. Satya has done a great job internally uniting everyone and improving the external image. Work life balance is valued much more than by some of the nearby competitors. Transportation to and from work is provided via the connector. Healthcare benefits are good and two extra holidays were just added for the coming year. Working from home is allowed.
Lots of opportunities to move up if you are willing to look around and network. Lots of interesting and cutting edge projects to work on. Salary, bonus and benefits are great. Like any job, you get what you put into it. This doesn't mean having to work crazy hours. A good work life balance can be achieved, you just need to be proactive about it.
No more pros. Company is lost and confused.
Great salary and benefits and a generally good working environment. Intellectually stimulating and freedom to drive your own career.
Get to work with new technology Working with intelligent people
Exposure latest technology: Good benefits: One of the top 5 technology companies.
Global, market leader, with lots of resources and potential.
Work-life balance is great, many business units means many job opportunities to move around to.
The free chocolate milk in the micro kitchens was awesome.
Satya Nadella is having a really positive impact on company strategy and corporate culture. No workplace is perfect, but I really enjoyed working there. You get to work with lots of really smart people.
Can be fun, lots of opportunity to expand exposure to different markets/segments
The enterprise business is strong, even with weakness in the PC market the past couple of quarters, it's hard to argue with the success of Windows 7 with over 400M licenses sold. As an employee, unless you are a bottom 20% performer, the new comp plan is a win. If you don't think so, then you don't really understand the change
Great, smart people to work with who know what they are doing. Everyone seems to have a positive outlook for where the company is headed under Satya. My lead is good, trustworthy, knowledgeable, and protective of people that work under him, and I've heard of similar stories with other leads under my director. The benefits are best in class. Work life balance is pretty high.
No more pros. Company is lost and confused.
Great experience but horrible
Great work life balance and benefits. The work you do also has a lot of impact on millions of people every day.
As far as Microsoft Research is concerned, the environment is totally academic.
401K matching, Health insurance covers whole family, paid holiday
Interesting work, smart colleagues, good work-life balance on some teams
Good benefits, good work life balance. independent office, easy transfer within company
Good benefits, good work life balance. independent office, easy transfer within company
Microsoft is fairly large company so the pros is mostly specific to the group in Office. You learn a lot in terms of coding and basic C/C++ and you work with very smart people around
Benefits and salary levels great Several business areas where to work
Great work culture, Innovation, diversity, freedom
Microsoft is always adapting. Change is constant. Provides opportunities to try new things regularly. Resources are plentiful.
Great people, great opportunities, great support system and lot of independence.
Good employer, good work ethic
The only positive note is that you get great benefits and pay. everything else........  If you have other offers, reconsider.
great medical benefits, could wear jeans to work
Great people, great work, great benefits
Flexible work from home opportunities
great medical benefits, could wear jeans to work
Great people, great work, great benefits
Great infrastructure, support mechanisms, platforms. Good culture, getting better. Global opportunities.
Plenty of opportunity Ability to drive change Rewards motivated people Wealth of resources  It truly takes a year to learn how to navigate the organization - how and where to engage. Once you're comfortable, you'll understand there is no reason to be intimidated by size or titles.  Microsoft has truly changed in the last 2 years - open, innovative, and engaging! Its not lip service, read the media's outlook and press releases. It's a new Microsoft.
Smart and driven team. Opportunity for career advancement and diversification, i.e. it's encouraged to work in different divisions, countries, roles, etc. Well paid and performance related bonus / stock, great benefits.
You work with smart people. Great benefits and excellent giving back to community program.
good benefit, good work/life balance
Benefits are amazing. Campus is a great environment, Pay is great. Computing resources for employees are easy to get. Great commuting options with connector, ORCA, and bus station.
good people co-worers that is
Good pay and benefits, work environment is relaxed, lots of opportunities for experience, Nice campus and desk set up.
Opportunity and leadership. Chance to make it up the ladder.
Great salary and great benefits. I am a remote resource and travel most of the time.
Satya's new leadership direction for the company. Fair pay and great benefits. Many different possibilities within and across the company keep things interesting.
Great home city (Seattle), Great benefits, lots of opportunities to work on lots of different products and opportunities, diverse work force, lots of room to grow.
Great pay. A time of big changes for the better, under Satya. It's a time of re-inventing, and a softer side of Microsoft.
Great pay and benefits, lots of great, really smart peers. Lots of options for moving between roles and teams.
Good for a college student
Great flexibility in the workplace, perks, and compensation. Great company culture. I also like the fact that you don't have to dress up.
high energy very focused, you know what they do and if tech is a turn on there is plenty to absorb. the people in teams are all equally focused getting the job done is the only priority. if you are at the sharp end of a development its enormous fun.
* Microsoft is turning itself around, and for the first time in a long time it is doing really cool things. This is the perfect timing to be part of the transition and part of its new future. * It has great flexible work. Most days, I work from home. Most of my colleagues are virtually connected. This really helps when you have a family. * Strong brand on your CV
Company is slowly but surely reinventing itself, has good strategy in place.
Cool, chill, laid back, enjoyable, and had to work very hard but it is a great job to have
Great Benefits, Career Development, Smart people
Strong company, recognised global brand
Fun to work Lots of smart people Seattle is awesome
Good performance review structure with quarterly check-ins and annual roll-ups. Lots of internal training available, on-demand, instructor-lead, peer mentors. Internal transfers and lateral career moves can keep life interesting since there are many quasi-independent projects, products and teams.
People, Environment, Location, Very clear working instructions
Good work life balance and good benefits.
Best work environment and work culture.
Stable, predictable, smart people, nice projects.
Great benefits, smart people and good work-life balance. Investments in the right direction.
Top of new tech development, Great environment to work, Great benefits
A great place to work with great benefits. Microsoft has been a great place to work offering so many opportunities to grow and build skills across a host of different types of teams and products.
Co-workers Laid Back Environment Cutting Edge Technology
Great internships that will most likely turn into full-time positions (as was my case) Great benefits Work/life balance
1. Great Benefits Program 2. Competitive Salary Package 3. One can maintain good work life balance
At this time there are really not too may pros. Whatever technology that you end up supporting within CSS you will eventually be an expert in. This is because you will see every single way how NOT to implement that specific Microsoft Technology.
Wonderful customer facing role, creates an opportunity to have a broad knowledge and spectrum of most of Microsoft products, sales strategy and negotiation is learnt on the job. You also get the chance to work with many support engineers.
products, culture, opportunities, career growth, diversity
Collaborative environment, incredible health benefits, opportunity to grow.
good compensation, smart people, lots of teams and products
Great money. Great place to work if you are just out of college with no family.
Benefits, great projects to work on with Surface and Cloud
Good pay, lots of benefits.
Great place to work with great benefit
Flexible hours and good pay. Free meals
cool workplace, freedom to express ideas
The people & the culture is good
Great company, with fantastic environment, benefits & culture.
- motivated and talented people who are also helpful - exciting new things to learn - reward policy is good... if you work hard, you will be rewarded
Very casual yet hard-working environment. There is a lot of trust and responsibility that gets put into each and every employee. I really enjoy getting the freedom to get what you need to get done without someone mico-managing the entire time.
Lot of opportunity for growth
work on cutting edge technology
Many talented people. Many opportunities. Options to join different teams.
flexible hours, work from home, great colleagues
Great access to clients provides unlimited growth of rolodex.
Great company to work for. Microsoft offered competitive salaries as well as very interesting and challenging work.
Perks, benefits, work life balance and job environment are great
Very good place to work and advance your career
Work place ethic is phenomenal and promotes a good work environment.
Great culture and people focused company. Exciting environment.
Great place to work with great benefits for entire family.
Good work/life balance. Nice health coverage plan. It is now easier to make a move to work on whatever you want to do.
Good perks, a lot of smart people and interesting problems
complaint way of working across verticals , high on ethical values, great work life balance
The benefits, a modicum of job security, the opportunity to surround yourself with some of the brightest (but sometimes the most self-absorbed and snarky) people you will ever meet.
Microsoft has so many opportunities for those who wants to make an impact. While it may be challanging , it is achieveable. Great compensation and work-life balance as long as you get stuff done
Good benefits, Good profit sharing plan, Talented co-workers
large user base multitude of groups and technologies smart people good benefits
Great company to be in.
large user base multitude of groups and technologies smart people good benefits
Lots of mediocre people and easily getting by if you want just the pay.
great place to work and have health insurance.
Best persons to work with
Strong benefits and good compensation. High autonomy to drive business.
Busy work environment, amazing products, training available
Decent benefits, lots of extra-curricular activities (book clubs, volunteer opportunities, stem activities, etc), ability to move jobs internally frequently, product discounts.
If you want to be in a place where your work can impact millions of lives and leading on the edge of the latest and greatest technology, this is the place to be. Amazing people and amazing leadership.
Challenging, fun, and pushes you to be as good as you to be in a competitive environment. The bar is high and you learn a lot about your area.
Great team, great products. Very educationally focused with customers- didn't push too hard. Built strong relationships with customers for repeat business
Love the culture and prople
Microsoft is a good company to work for, as it is large enough to offer such a variety of positions that most people could find a match for their qualifications.
Great environment and great people. Well structured on-boarding, training, and career nurturing. Many opportunities to grow into higher level positions.
Amazing software and technologies, great to test and see new products before they were released.
Great way to develop skills, easy to move around the company to a team with a micro-culture that fits you, great benefits, brilliant minds, great work life balance, great benefits
Nice benefits and work environment with peers.
By far the best and most broad consumer and commercial technology company. If you are excited about technology and bringing magical experiences to people all over the planet, this is the company for you.
Challenging problems to solve, lots of support resources, excellent career building opportunity
Great company, innovative products, challenging and fast-past work environments.
Company culture, supportive environment that allows employees to explore options and go off the beaten path. Flexibility in moving around teams.
Benefits and pay are good once you are vested
Microsoft is an amazing place to work, the benefits, salary and people are great. The company culture is very family friendly and they promote a work life balance. Bill Gates is a very philanthropic man and he created a culture of hard work that truly gives back.
Interesting intersection of the role. You work with a lot of interesting and smart folks. The technology is good and the company is going thru an interesting phase.
Some Microsoft Products are best in market.
One of the best companies to work for. Great Benefits, Internal Tools are awesome. Great Co- workers
Working with some great, smart, committed people. Benefits are among the best in the region. Opportunity to work on a multitude of interesting projects. Facilities and training opportunities are high quality.
Great people to work with, loved my co-workers. Cafeterias are awesome, benefits are fantastic, pay was competitive. Loved it.
Good work/life balance Single office Good (new) parental leave policy Good travel opportunities
-Many teams to choose work -Different team cultures in different teams -Peaceful work style
Diverse environment for good innovation
Always learning, challenging yet exciting. Flexible hours and flexible location. Can work from home, from Hawaii or from another country any day you want.
Good Place To Work with plenty of training opportunities. Friendly and smart people everywhere but misses the thrill of a start-up community. Fairs in which people present new ideas are a fantastic place to get seen even from people higher up.
Great benefits Get to develop leading edge technologies with huge impact Diverse problems to solve
Great pay, great benefits, great learning opportunities.
Management is awesome, fun environment, casual dress code and always something to do.
Big company that's been around forever is now transforming into a modern company where more and more young people wanna work.
It's not the "old" Microsoft anymore. Lots of opportunities to work in open source, new technologies, give feedback and actually build a role within the company.
Great technology company with a lot a really smart people
What were GREAT benefits are now VERY GOOD (took a small step down) but still probably better than you'll find at 99% of large corporations. If you've got family - the value of the benefits is even higher. 401k match is nice.
Benefits are good if you are a full time employee.  I have had good experiences at Microsoft with understanding groups with helpful team members.  With a strong manager at the helm of your group who demonstrates good leadership and communicates with you directly - you will walk away with a very good experience at MS.
Industry leader, on a ride after a few years of decline. Lots of smart people, challenges and global impact. Hard to find many other companies like MS. Culture is improving, more accountability and customer focus
Microsoft pays well, offers a lot of perks, and great benefits.
Good amenities. Country club atmosphere. Good income.
Good salary and benefits. Lots of side perks and discounts. Good onsite parking, food options. For the most part I worked with a lot of exceptionally smart people.
The biggest pro here would be that you felt like a family when you were at work. Everyone cared so much about one another and that really made coming to work a whole lot better, day in and day out.
- Big Diversity of products. - Great benefits in health insurance, 401k and salary is not bad. - if you land in a good team, the environment can be friendly and fun.
Lots of intelligent people, focused, challenging
Good company, treats employees well, sincere focus on work life balance, (WLB is a challenge) Incredibly smart people to work with.
Tremendous opportunity. Lots of innovation. Great IT and Systems support. Fantastic Benefits. Lots of lateral and upward mobility possible. Great leadership. The most honest and transparent company I have ever worked for. Honesty and Integrity Diversity and Inclusion Open and Respectful Passion A Growth Mindset that is customer obsessed.
Multiple great products so there is always a group where you can learn and grow Great benefits and pay Microsoft respects work/life balance
Microsoft has a lot going for it: It has really smart people, a good/healthy culture, and the Company takes care of its employees.
Colleagues range from young, smart, and energetic to experienced, very smart, and wise. The cafeterias only prepare meals with locally grown, organic ingredients. Always working on something that will affect millions of users and responsible for billions of dollars.
Easy going work environment, friendly coworkers, modern outlook
it's awesome brand image very reputed company
great company, many interesting things to do and develop interesting services
Great benefits and company culture
Great work life balance, good benefits, decent workplace
Good work life balance and pay compare to workload
Great benefits, some very smart people, competitive pay. They seem to give some lip service to professional development for their senior managers.
Great work-life balance. competitive salary and benefits. Awesome location & office in Boston, in addition to the small perks, like fitness, parking, etc. Good people and a fun dynamic of old and young employees. Microsoft generally has good, well-defined process around growing people and promoting them, giving them feedback, etc. It is a great place to start a career.
Great benefits, lots of support structure, paid well. Lots of job security, even in the event of a layoff you're given a very generous severance package and time to find a new job internally.
- flexible work environment and hours - freedom to plan and execute - performance oriented - good benefits - intellectually inspiring
Innovative, generous, Industry Leader, Many opportunities
I've been here about a month. It's pretty good so far. The salary & comp seems to be the same at comparable places like google. Employees work hard, which is a good thing.
Great company branding. Every person within an organization has a reason to speak to Microsoft. Many customers are interested in migrating their on premise applications to the cloud
Reasonable working environment and hours. Most of the employees are highly motivated and experienced individuals.
Great environment and good packages
It is a full time job with benefits after 90 days
Great compensation, good work, quality people
Flexible work schedule Easy to move around company to new projects
Great healthcare benefits, long maternal and paternal leave. Has so many subdivisions you can easily switch teams without switching jobs
Exciting industry. Very smart colleagues / co-workers. Broad range of product and business areas to work on. Type A culture. Good benefits.
Work with the smartest Lots of opportunities internally Great for skilled immigrants Awesome benefits Free soda
Great benefits. Amazing work life balance
Great pay, amongst the highest in my area. Great benefits, 401K, Company Stock etc. Challenging and usually moves at a pace that maintains that without being overwhelming. Company is very open to promoting career goals and letting employees move teams if they desire.
Looks good on the resume and it's a great way to network. Take your time to get to know people (FTEs and vendors alike) because the connections you make there could take you far.
I worked at Microsoft full-time and after being out for a number of years, I'd go back. The tech exposure and ability to learn and grow is only limited by yourself. There are really good resources available within MSFT. Working environment, mostly a great, sharp group of people to work with on a daily basis.
You can find any technology-related task and don't have to change your employer if you want, for example, to do data science or hardware design instead of computer science.
Great company, they really care about their employees. Done a lot to change culture there.
Smart people to work with, incentives to innovate, great CEO and President, and great health benefits.
Great company to be in, love the culture and the people
Good benefit, Big company with lot of areas, Work-life balance
Stable. Global Business. Good compensation. Great quality of life, great benefits. Diverse opportunities if you have the right background for the businesses with a nexus in the boston area.
Very busy and fast paced
great signature event great mentorship from current employees choose own hours
The employees donate huge amounts of money and time every year to charities of their choice. The health-care benefits are the best. If you have a good/great manager, that makes all the difference. See cons.
High tech, good pay, smart people, good location, good food
Ability to transform the world - the scale at which things happen here and the possibility of affecting millions of people is only possible in a handful of companies
Top notch people who are smart, motivated, out to do the right thing. Amazing benefits, best in class, hands down. Doing great things to make the world a better place. Strong CEO in Satya Nadella who has brought heart and soul back to the company and is removing barriers in and outside the company to get great ideas and people working together.
Strong benefits, especially health care, 401k matching, stock awards for more senior employees. Strong focus on career development. Open feedback. Stable company, not afraid to change focus to be competitive.
Kinda like a paid vacation half of the year. While there are re-orgs you can basically do nothing and get paid for it. This is both a pro and a con.  Lots of opportunities for trainings and learning best practices. Good work/life balance.
Established company. Quite capable colleagues. Large enough to provide breadth of technology opportunity.
Work/life balance Ability to move between different projects Smart people all around
easy to make a move another team
Amazing resources, smart people, great CEO now that Satya has come on board
Benefits, smart coworkers, exciting world changing stuff
The pay and benefits are excellent. There are some really smart, dedicated people working on fun projects. There is some respect from non-Microsoft colleagues for Microsoft employees.
Great company great teams. I worked on three great teams while I was there. I would work with them again at any time.
Good environment if you are in a good team with good management.
Good environment if you are in a good team with good management.
they invest in their employees, provide a flexible work life balance, great benefits, fabulous office culture
1. Great environment to work with lot of flexibility around working hours. 2. If you are in a right team you get chance to work on lot of new and cool stuff. 3. You can easily switch teams within Microsoft if you get bored with current work or team. You can work in different technologies.
I've worked at Microsoft and in the IT organization for over a decade. Microsoft is truly an amazing place. * Extremely smart people * Truly innovative * Amazing benefits * Your work is truly valued * If your organization and management believe in your long-term potential and your ability to grow and lead, there are leadership development programs (HiPo/High Potential Program, Key Talent, etc.) * Ability to experience various products, services, organizations etc. * Things are positively changing under the leadership of Satya Nadella. There is a positive buzz internally, the industry and investors are responding positively. Our stock prices have shot up. We are truly embracing change and newer/innovative products (Hololens, Surface Book etc.) are being released. * Under Satya's leadership and new review model, Employees are measured on business impact (reduces unnecessary politics and brown-nosing, and focus is on impact/results), how they leverage the work of others and build on top of others work (reduces duplication of work across teams/organizations, and increases collaboration), and how employees have helped others to be successful (focus changes from individual success to team success). * Microsoft has done away with the older performance review system (1 - Outstanding ... all the way to 5 - Very poor/no impact). This was a forced curve, meaning people managers had to find employees to fit in each category leading to some unfavorable behavior and culture. The newer model no longer rates employees on the 1-5 scale, and there is no "calibration" exercise (forced curve). However, as a manager one still has to 'differentiate' employees based on impact. * Satya meets with his directs and product group leaders/engineering leaders weekly/several times a month. He also has frequent employee all-hands where he talks to employees, and everyone in the company has a chance to ask him questions directly. He is well connected with his leadership team, knows what is happening at the top across the company, and he is well connected with employees at the grass-root level. True leader and positively leading the company in the right direction
Amazing benefits and great pay!
best people in teams good management flexible working habits Talent development processes are robust and rigorously tracked. Career progress is well understood. Internal mobility program affords great exposure across products and geographies.
Finally a great strategy moving forward.
Good salaries Excellent benefits Promotions can come fast at the early stages of your career
Great pay. Interns are spoiled materialistically but otherwise are slaves to the workplace.
Learn new technologies. Flex Work schedules. Good insurance, good pay and benefits
Great intern benefits with great salary and a huge focus on the intern community
Excellent benefits and fair pay
best people in teams good management flexible working habits Talent development processes are robust and rigorously tracked. Career progress is well understood. Internal mobility program affords great exposure across products and geographies.
Finally a great strategy moving forward.
Great pay, benefits, community and values.
Independent, great work life balance, strong leadership.
Great company to work at! Great work environment and always learning new things. Would highly encourage anyone to apply at Microsoft - also great benefits.
Great pay, great location, decent work life balence
still leading IT company, large scale, many different businesses, large enough job pools. solid benefits. revenue continue grows especially in cloud business. getting into devices and consumer.
- Smart people - Compensation (compared to ALL employers, NOT Silicon Valley employers) - Resources (education, equipment, etc., etc.) - Benefits
The benefits, even for part-time are unbeatable - and that's an understatement!
Benefits are great. Facilities are good.
-Career development opportunities- diversify skill sets in HR and recruiting -Access to mentors and leaders -Benefits -Flexibility- Management cares more about the quality and results of your work than when/where you do it -Global Citizen- very generous in giving globally and promoting opportunities to do this internally
best environment, facilities, compensation,
- Great benefits - work with one of the smartest people - lots of exciting work
Smart people and highly competent
Plenty of opportunities to learn. Surrounded by bright people. Challenging work. The chance to work at the forefront of technology.
1) empowered to perform 2) smart people and challenges around you
Great facilities at headquarters location, amazing health care I barely have to lay a thing for myself or my family
Great benefits, work-life balance. Exciting opportunities if you look out for them pro-actively. Lots of opportunities within The Maker Garage if you are up to it. Aggressive leadership with Satya Nadella, Microsoft is not making "me-too" products anymore (remember Zune?)
Great benefits, work-life balance. Exciting opportunities if you look out for them pro-actively. Lots of opportunities within The Maker Garage if you are up to it. Aggressive leadership with Satya Nadella, Microsoft is not making "me-too" products anymore (remember Zune?)
Most teams and orgs are great to work for. There are so many options you can always find something interesting to work on around the company. Like how the company employees genuinely are encouraged to participate in participate in philanthrophic activities and community building.
Diversity of experiences and great benefits, love working in high performance culture of extremely smart people. The ability to try, innovate, learn and even fail in the name of achieving success.
Great benefits. Lots of options if you don't like the team you are on... just move to another team. As a general rule, the people are great. Generally well rewarded for performance.
Good salary Good location (Seattle, personally I like Seattle a lot) Big Company
As most people know Microsoft likes to Dogfood their new products so you are always working on the latest and greatest Microsoft software. They also provide the flexibility of working remote allowing employees to work offsite.
good work life balance, above average benefit and perks, room to change team
Good pay and above average benefits, but there is less and less separation all the time from the market in terms of compensation.
Good benefits, good work/life balance, smart co-workers, good culture
work life balance, working schedule, private office
Get to touch the finest and greatest technologies.
The benefits are amazing!  401K matching up to 6% with a max of $9,000 which is immediately vested.  Paternity leave is 3 month's, mothers & fathers!  HSA: Microsoft deposits $2350 (if you have a family) into your HSA annually on top of what you can add yourself, max is $4300+. FSA for dental and Vision FSA for Dependent care Great dental and vision plan Employee/Spouse/Dependent life insurance AD&D insurance Critical Care Insurance for employee/spouse/dependent Employee stock purchase plan at a 10% discount. Group legal subscription  "Stay Fit" program: They'll pay your health club subscription or give up to $800 annually to spend on any sport appliance/service you want or $250 gift card if you just want to stay fat :)  Stock bonuses are vested over 5 years, 10% per 6 month's.  8% Shift differential pay for odd hours.  And ton's more.
Work with smart people, lots of autonomy in how you get your work done, access to today's top enterprise tools and architectures. Takes care of employees with good HR benefits, comp, time, off, etc.
Smart colleagues Wide breadth of work Great lab resources Good benefits Very competitive salary New CEO "gets it"
Great benefits, strong emphasis on supporting non-profits with time and money, flexible about working from home, wonderful extras (guest speakers and on-campus events)
Benefits are outstanding and culture is very good. Leadership of the company is strong and company moving on the right direction.
Lots of opportunities provided to learn and grow and it's easy to move around within the company to pursue your career. My manager was quite hands off in the day-to-day work, trusting employees to know how to do their jobs which was empowering and allowed us to be very effective.
Fantastic learning environment with many opportunities.
If you are looking for great benefits, grew culture, innovation, advancement and great leadership its all here
Do not go to Exchange. Then the life would be good. The work life balance is always good here
Team environment within support Lots of documentation to help self learn The products are the best, and most secure. Easy to love the technology.
The Office Division probably has the best work/life balance of any division at Microsoft.
Microsoft has great pay and benefits. The people are amazing to work with, they are some of the brightest individuals I have ever met in my entire life.
- smart people - great research group - good benefits - good work/life balance - if you're in a good team you can be very free to decide what to work on
big company, great benefits, great networking, great learning opportunities
Worklife balance good Commute good Benefits good Diversity good people good
Culture fit and career advancement
Great company, great people, who care about their peers and community. Microsoft raises the largest amount for charity, more than any other company in the world.
Humane Good work life balance Takes care of employees
Awesome Company to work for. Great benefits, free software, good healthcare.
Employees get a great deal of autonomy and respect. Work with some incredibly smart and talented peers. Excited challenges and endless opportunities.
in some areas of Microsoft, there are a lot of exciting things going on -- Bing, Azure, Office365, Research
It was great, really great
Great people, as well as a great culture. People are always willing to help. It is an innovative fast pace environment.
Microsoft is full of very smart, driven people and plenty of opportunities for changing scope of work to keep yourself challenged. Benefits are some of the best around. At Microsoft you have the ability to work on technology that can change the way the world works - you can make a huge difference in people's lives.
Great Technology, Awesome Benefits, Flexible Schedule. Direction of new CEO. Perks such as MSDN subscription and a great library/garage on their main campus are great benefits to those that use them.
Good life/work balance and excellent benefits.
Benefits package, salary, credibility from brand
Great pay and talented people
good benefits. good salary. big company. lot of improvement to grow. lot of other opportunities to move around. blah blah blah blah blah blah
Smart people and great innovation.
Smart, motivated people. Amazing benefits and retirement options. Discounted lunches and a connected campus. People embrace technology and data drives all decisions.
I have enjoyed my time here and love the day to day of my job. Hiring someone to connect with local community is a great way to drive traffic to the stores.
Awesome benefits. Great work-life balance. Great straight-outta-college job. Beautiful Redmond campus with tons of great activities for 20 and 30 somethings.
Good solid company. Many different places to work, allowing movement if wanted. Good benefits. Some great people there.
Challenging work. A chance to have real impact.
Microsoft is a software giant since ages. Hence it has very high standards of software/code quality. The OS Core org is extremely competitive.
A great company to work for. Great people and compensation
good company with good values and plenty of opportunities for growth. Been lucky to have good managers and not micro managers.
Technical work, smart people and the overall culture is really improving. People start to be happier under new leadership and proclivities have gone up. Great benefit as well.
Microsoft is getting its groove back (and I don't mean the music service). Microsoft looks after its employees and pays relatively well overall Microsoft is working on change-the-world technology - you can make a difference.
Phenomenal access to people, tools and information. Chance to change the world through software that touches everyone's lives.
Great hours, awesome managers. Overall a good learning experience, especially if you keep pestering them to work on new things.
Good benefit packages and company takes care of employees
Creative and empowering company
Working in the store is a great opportunity to get familiar with Microsoft technology, develop your soft skills and get exposure to the technology world. Bonuses come easy and theres a lot of room to grow
Friendly environment and smart people around
Great company history, highly respected CEO, broad base of products, renewed focus on Cloud. MSFT has broad and deep Partner engagements. Plenty of money to invest.
Diverse set of products and services ranging from v1, consumer, enterprise enough to keep you engaged for years Great health benefits
Access to smart people, good training, coaching/mentorship
Great work culture, employee centric
Good benefits. Great pay compared to other electronic retailers. Free drinks and snacks provided.
The pay is great and probably one of the top among the industry, and the working environment is quite flexible.
Solid Benefits, love the products and people, outstanding Potential. Satya is IMHO the future of MS
Great benefits, salary and people!
Lots of career opportunities. Great brand recognition. High impact roles. Satya really has the company heading back in the right direction. There needs to be some more changes up top, but it's on the right path.
* Great salary, great benefits, great work-life balance (but highly depends on your team) * Separate office spaces, great equipment * Treats, celebrations, parties
Opportunity to work with some pretty great people
Salary, Benefits, and smart people
Best benefits in the industry
Flexible work hour, good environment
Great benefits, pay is good, if in the Seattle/Redmond area the Connector is a wonderful benefit (free bus service with wifi)
There are plenty of opportunities in different products and technologies.
Company that is always keep pushing
One can implement all their ideas and change teams as often as wanted\needed to explore new things.
Work/Life Balance. Large scale Project
Excellent Benefits Flexibility Tech Learning Opportunities
you learn something new everyday.
good place to join as a junior, if you work hard you will stand out of the herd and promote quickly. work life balance depends on the team too much so if you have the chance, prefer teams with applied scientists, even if you're not one. bing search relevance, bing ads, speech, and more teams... you can ask directly to the recruiter if the team is all software devs or if there are scientists too. if you want to ask indirectly, ask if the team is doing anything to improve Cortana.  good comp, at least in the silicon valley.
Some really smart people around , some of the technical folks will really amaze you .
Amazing employees, culture and benefits.
Good Benefits, completive salaries, big stable company
hard working people who thrive on pressure and seek self improvement, generally laid back environment outside of crunch time
Great working environment, loads of really smart people, and the work is really interesting. I always thought Microsoft was this evil company growing up, but it is certainly not that way at all.
- Very interesting and challenging tasks if you join the right team - Smart colleagues - Microsoft cares about its employees (health, dental, 401k, stocks) - Good work/life balance - Hackathons
Great Pay, Great Hours. Would recommend as a career
Solid vision for Devices & Services. Perfect Every Time philosophy. Great Pay and Benefits.
pretty stable business, good work life balance
Leadership from the top was fantastic with a great focus on the future. Benefits are great, and access to the alumni group after leaving opens many doors. Community outreach is fantastic
Ability to move between and work on different product lines within the company. Reasonable WLB. Company is trying to execute fast in all product lines. Excellent Benefits. MS has started embracing open source and contributes as well.
Great company overall. Will be viable for a long time.
Great Internal Tools Great Benefits Great Experience Smart Co-Workers
Good smart people to work with , Good benefits
Great Culture here at Microsoft!
Very good benefits, some of the best I've found. Great health plan options with contributions to an HSA/FSA, $0.50 on the dollar matching on 401K, health and fitness benefits, etc.
Opportunity to work on range of Products and Technologies. Technologically sound peers around.
Great history. Okay paychecks in the past. Can play musical chairs really often.
A big company like Microsoft you can expect the usual great compensation, benefits, etc. generally there are a lot of great people there and you will be amongst a lot of really smart people. The company is very diverse with people from all over the world. The work environment is relaxed and has a lot of team building and extracurricular activities and events.
Excellent culture, good work life balance,
Fun R&D team and great engineering team
- Quality resources that you can bring to an opportunity - Office 365 and Azure will save the company over the long haul - At the end of the day - Microsoft has enough cash to buy or innovate their way to the "next level"
- Many brilliant people - Incredibly broad product range - if it's tech and you're interested in it, Microsoft works on it - Opportunities for synergy - when different product lines work well together, amazing things can result. - Growth-oriented culture: the company (mostly) knows it's behind and needs to do better, and there is a great openness to change and feedback. - Benefits: all sorts of great benefits, from very good health care to free gym membership to bicycle commuter reimbursement, they take care of you pretty much any way they can think of (except no free food, which apparently is due to the lack of cafeteria space). - Giving campaign: Microsoft gives the most money per capita to charity of any company. And no, Bill Gates doesn't count towards that :). - Satya Nadella appears to be a good CEO. He is open to innovation, to change, in a way that Ballmer wasn't, and he's generated a lot of positive sentiment around the company. - Pay is competitive. Others may pay somewhat more but it's all enough that pay isn't the deciding factor. - Flexible hours, decent work-life balance in most groups
good place good people good benefits and pay
Easy working with everyone around
Microsoft has a very good environment for new employee to grow, it offers very competitive starting salary, it also offers a lot of internal opportunities
Best retail company you can work for! Best benefits on the planet.
Have not worked there since the new CEO took over so I don't know how it has changed. Could be good or bad depends on what has changed since the new CEO.
Pay is really good, benefits and total comp are pretty competitive. Cost of living is lower in WA than in CA. Easier workload than other hardware companies I've worked for.
Improved vision with new leadership, good work life balance, smart people to work with.
The nice culture and good salary
It really depends on which team you end up in, but I got lucky and worked in a team for 7+ years that was really awesome. The engineering culture was top notch and work/life balance was pretty good. Of course when we got closer to shipping, you'd be working a bit more, but for the most part, I never felt pressured to do more work than I was comfortable with.  I believe the pay and benefits are on par with other big tech companies. If you stick around for a while, you get a lot of vacation time.
Great company culture! Exciting new direction under the new leadership. There is opportunity if you make the right connections...
good base salary, better 401k matching, flexible work hours
Excellent benefits and focus on employees. Competitive pay. Very family friendly. Great place to specifically grow a finance career. The jury is still out on our new strategy and offerings but the early returns are good.
The most flexible place I have ever worked, great co-workers, great experience. I made the mistake once of leaving for another company, I returned after year.
Good working environment, good teams
challenging work, well paid, plenty of opportunities to learn about new and upcoming products
It's a good company to work. It's very lay back and you have a lot of liberty.
There is a lot happening, no day is ever dull. Working on the back end, your customers are usually down the hall from you. Everyone I know was promoted after a year. Main campus is like going back to college again, except with free drinks, and more impact.
challenging, well resourced. You get to see your results and impact in the global market. No better place to learn about business realities.
Great medical and dental benefits with high importance/incentives placed on physical fitness and health. Flexible work hours means ability to take care of life's demands while still producing quality products. Performance-based bonuses rewards hard work, mentorship for career-minded individuals assists in preparing for advancement. Give program matches charitable donations of money and volunteer hours 100% up to $15,000/year.
Company has a wide variety of roles and tech opportunities to work on. Great people
You will constantly be challenged and pushed to improve both yourself and your team. You will both learn and grow yourself professionally and technically at a much faster pace, and be exposed to many different industries and markets. Each day is a challenge but the benefits, rewards and experience awaiting you is well worth it.
Working with smart people Great benefits Opportunity for growth
Flexibility and schedule were good
Compensation, location, working environment, campus
* Awesome people to work with - talented and smart and considerate * Great flexibility at work * Superb community around * Awesome benefits like shuttles, Pro club gym, stay fit, insurance, etc. and encouragement for volunteering at non-profits, etc.
Great management, plenty of high impact projects, lots of career opportunities, plenty of opportunities to do garage projects
It is a great place to work with smart people all around you. Dynamic environment that brings the most out of you
Microsoft has great benefits and if you are a high performer you can be rewarded significantly. I worked in three different organizations and mostly felt like I was being paid and acknowledged as I would have expected.
Microsoft has great benefits and if you are a high performer you can be rewarded significantly. I worked in three different organizations and mostly felt like I was being paid and acknowledged as I would have expected.
creativity, work life balance, compensation
The have a lot of resources.
Great benefits and smart people
Great benefits and ability to transitions roles and divisions.
Great work life balance in most groups. If you are a bit technical and know how to build products for customers you will be treated like a king. You can create a great impact and learn a lot if you are in the right group. Since there are many different groups if you want to make a change it is rather easy.
High pay, good company name, great benefits
I've been working at Microsoft for 6 months as a new grad. Microsoft is an awesome place to start your career.
- Great work atmosphere - Great Product Road Map - Good Compensation
I worked with some amazingly talented and passionate people who were willingly to go above and beyond to help out. I was also fortunate to have great managers who genuinely cared about my growth at the company.
Awesome, Good, Excellent, Nice, Amazing
Great benefits and smart people
- Great benefits - Work hours are very flexible, mostly up to you to decide - Coworkers are all great and very open to collaboration
People are pretty nice and smart
Great benefits and ability to transitions roles and divisions.
I worked with some amazingly talented and passionate people who were willingly to go above and beyond to help out. I was also fortunate to have great managers who genuinely cared about my growth at the company.
The company CEO change was long over due and is making an impact in showing our longer term strategy. Good pay and benefits.
Great benefits and compensation. Training
Good offices. If you love power point that is your place. A strategy is a slide - and god bless account managers.
Great culture and atmosphere. Fun place to work.
flexible environment, friendly colleges,good place
Best experience you could get as an intern. Center of the innovative forefront and provides tons of hands-on work. Approve of management.
Stable and well known. Cares about employees a lot.
I was fortunate to get hired on to a project with a great team for a great project. There were lots of nice little perks like free snacks in addition to the company-wide free drinks, social events with food an beer, and occasionally meals were provided. Free parking is also a plus, even if it can be tough to find a spot on Microsoft Campus.  The job itself was a great experience for me and I was allowed to be self driven. After learning the ropes I generally worked on my own, but if I needed help or didn't have the solution to a problem everyone on the team was more than happy to help. Overall it was a very positive environment. I especially enjoyed being able to work directly with people in the production and design teams, which made it easier when trying to understanding intended functionality of the product.
Cool projects to work on
Great Team and great food
A lot of good energy, always a great environment.
Brilliant, good people. Efficient teams. You learn a lot and gain a lot of insight into many aspects of business.
Great benefits. Great compensation. Smart people. Flexibility to move around the company. Great support and technology options. You can use the best tools for the job.
Flexible, Smart people, Good Pay
Microsoft still has an enormous enterprise customer business. They are also uniquely positioned for hybrid (cloud an on-premise) environments and solutions, which are strategic and high-value for enterprise customers. Their challenge looking forward is engaging the "born in the cloud" businesses where they are barely being considered. Microsoft has traditionally been a high cost, high functionality provider and the cloud IaaS environment does not have that tendency.
Benefits are great. Challenging work.
Benefits, new technology and bonus program. The new culture under Satya is making a positive difference in how teams work together
Work-life balance, supportive management, intelligent and driven teams
Working for company as big as Microsoft, you can choose to work in areas you want to work for.
Great work environment/ Great benefits
fantastic benefits for overall health
Since Satya Nadella has taken over as CEO, Microsoft has become a more collaborative company focused on embracing open source and partners. No longer is Windows the center for what teams develop for. Windows is still quite important. Also, agile development and innovation is
Lots of opportunity to learn. Good pay.
If you are lucky and land up in a good team with a good manager you can do really well. Lots of learning opportunities available
- Great benefits and pay - Terrific work life balance - Ability to tackle really big projects - New leadership focusing on being the best at fewer big items
Smart people, high impact on the world, opportunity to move around the company to gain resume building experiences.
Culture is so diverse and generous. The Company is a great place to work for, lots of innovation, conviction and drive. Products are making a great progress in capturing market share in search and productivity software, not to forget cloud computing.
Awesome place to work and learn different technologies, develop skills
Great Company to WORK as it is a new change after Satya came as CEO
People are really awesome to work with. Super chill environment.
- competitive compensation and benefits - some team offer really awesome experience of growth for your talents (xbox, bing, macbu) - less heavy burnout that you might experience in other companies such as Apple/G/Oracle
Smart people, great benefits, not too stressful
- Wide variety of options to choose from starting from embedded devices to OS to Cloud to Analytics - Flexibile work hours/schedules
For young professionals, and more specifically for Developers, Engineers and other technical or related roles, Microsoft is a major school that will yield solid foundation, will enable the participation in challenging projects and even provide decent compensation and benefits. Field sales roles will also have the opportunity to make very good money in a not long period.
Flexible, depending on the group you work for. Corporate culture doesn't always resonate
Great overall employee benefits and pay.
Great pay and benefits. Good Work-life balance. Smart people arround. Good moment to be here, good outlook.
Great company with tons of smart people everywhere you look, and plenty of room for advancement. Great pay and benefits.
Employee's hard work is recognized.
Immense potential, great strategic direction and actual product and services delivery
Great Benefits & Salary and focused on stock appreciation
Microsoft USED to be a great place to work, filled with some of the best and brightest minds in the industry. It was a place were a person could fully reach their potential by working and collaborating with other talented employees to create great products and services.
It is a very big company
Great pay, slightly above-average benefits, access to lots of internal lectures and training courses, good peers to work with.
Lots of cool opportunities to get engaged in truly impactful, global projects, Good benefits (although they definitely aren't as good as they used to be), a well intentioned, dedicated employee base, very philanthropic
Flexible, depending on the group you work for. Corporate culture doesn't always resonate
mature, high variety of technical areas
Work life Balance and Benefits
fairly good compensation, smart people, challenging problems, will be friendly to people who need to take time off for personal reasons
- Streamlined processes and tools - Tons of smart people - Great opportunities to work on exciting projects - Good work life balance and benefits
Easy to move around, many teams encourage collaboration over competition. Coworkers are intelligent and dedicated. Work life balance is often up to you, and many product teams frequently have fun activities together. The CEO cares about employee's happiness as well.
Microsoft has so many different products and groups that it's easy to find something you can be passionate working on. Movement around the company is pretty easy if you're doing well (you still need to interview for new positions of course), but it's possible to move between groups and divisions. Engineering processes are mature, and you can really solidify your skills there.  The People and corporate culture is excellent. People are very bright, open and friendly. As with any large corporation it has it's own share of politics which you need to keep an eye on, but for the most part it's a great place to do solid, meaningful work.
*Flexible hours *helpful and responsive management *Weekly meetings with managers *Management recognized the position as also a learning experience, and were willing to help in areas I didn't understand. *Was able to work on a number of different projects which I got to chose and often lead.
You get to do challenging work on exciting projects. You'll work with very smart, motivated people. Microsoft has a clear vision of the future of personal computing and is working aggressively to create it.
You get to do challenging work on exciting projects. You'll work with very smart, motivated people. Microsoft has a clear vision of the future of personal computing and is working aggressively to create it.
still lots of passionate and intelligent people, still lots of cutting edge tech.
Some of the brightest people in the industry. Competitive benefits package. Excellent support for employee charitable giving. Ability to truly change the world in software.
EPG has many smart and hardworking people. If you can make politics work in your favor, you will be rewarded. Good place to leave and go to the field.
Fairly lax working environment and NO dress code which is very nice. I hate wearing slacks, dress shirt and dress shoes. Shorts and flip flops suit me just fine.  You can't beat the benefits. I doubt that Boeing is as good as the benefits that MS provides.  If you are fortunate enough to get on a team where you have a good manager who cares about their people, then you will have a GREAT experience during your time at MS.
Environment, care with employee, opportunities
Great company, campus', food, and office life. Good pay, benefits, and bonus'
Free resources to gain knowledge Diverse tasks and teams Challenging environment where skills are put to work and you can grow professionally
Good pay, benefits, nice work space.
Brand-name, blue chip company opens doors everywhere, good training and experience, opportunity to learn many parts of the business
Company offers great Compensation and Benefits as well as travel opportunity.
Great benefits, flexible work schedule, and smart people.
good money, lots of time off and flexible. stock has been doing well. New CEO
Good pay and benefits. Clean environment to work in. Decent work-life balance schedule. Working with cutting edge technologies and product development processes. Great colleagues to work with and learned from.
Feasible working hours. My manager cares about what I think. Everybody has his own office. Good work life balance. You could get promote very fast.
Empowers billions of users - great products.
Great people to work with
MS is a decent place to work if you can manage to get on a good team with transparent managers and stay away from office politics though this will certainly shorten your career
Benefits were very good and campus was nice.
Worked as the only one on my team in iowa, a lot of freedom to work your plan.
Worked as the only one on my team in iowa, a lot of freedom to work your plan.
Great company to work for, great benefits and they treat each employee with care
Good benefits and decent work life balance. Interesting projects and challenges working on software development at scale.
A globe company is a must to experience in your life time. The campus is nice, co-workers are always encouraging you to learn
Highly leveraged - chance to reach the world Interaction with other Microsoft groups
Lots of career options to choose from. A lot of training options provided.
Many teams are very flexible with schedules, Great pay, great bonuses, there are tons of great positions that are available all the time, free MSDN subscription
- Salary and benefits are superb. - Lots of support for self-directed growth - they'll reimburse up to $6,000 of college tuition for any classes in any field, and you're encouraged to seek out projects or roles that specifically interest you. - <i>Everyone</i> you work with is smart and very motivated. This isn't just the engineering department - tech support, UX design, business strategy, etc. are all staffed by people very good at their jobs. - The Online Services Division is very diverse. About 90% of our employees were born overseas, in countries ranging from Nigeria to Russia, and people are very open and curious about different cultures. I'm a woman, and I've never felt the management or my team treated me differently or respected me less. I did get some dubious comments from two of our developers (out of 40+ developers I've worked with), but those specific people have a reputation for being abrasive with everyone.
It's a great company with a lot of great benefits.
Great Pay. Good Benefits. Lots of internal job openings.
I have been with Microsoft for almost 23 years now and have seen the company grow, succeed, fail and reemerge. Overall it's a great company to work for with lots of talented people. Microsoft usually gets it right with benefits etc
With Satya as CEO, it's starting to return to the glory days of the late 1990s with a better corporate culture - more inclusive and healthier.
Good work life balance, good benefits
Great pay and benefits. Ability to carve out your space and take on challenges you want.
Bottom up philosophy. Opportunity for impact through tech transfers with forward looking product groups. Opportunity to publish interesting and relevant findings, contributing to the academic community Company is becoming again very innovative and forward looking
The benefit package is awesome at Microsoft
Free drinks Free snacks Free Shuttle (redmond)
health insurance, salary, people, techonolgy
Smart Engineers Scale problems to solve Great benefits
Excellent sense of impact, accountability and empowerment. Working with great, smart, passionate people with good intentions.
The engineers are smart. The benefits are amazing and the work-life balance is better than at Amazon or Google from what I've heard. The company has many products and services to offer so there are many internal opportunities and transferring to a new team is easy. There are many opportunities to learn.
Team atmosphere, training, benefits, nice work environment
Innovative job, flexible working hours, very good career development plan
Highly flexible work life and lots of freedom available to explore and learn new technologies
Working with incredible talent! Was empowered to have broad range of responsibility, given great trust and autonomy and accountable for results (both good and bad). Interesting and complex work assignments. Access to all levels of the corporate organization Excellent benefits and compensation.
Great perks, own office, free soda, great benefits, lots of morale events, etc... Pay is good Get to work interesting problems at massive scale
Decent co-workers Smart people Ok benefits Paid parking or commute reimbursement
10% off shares, pays 5000 a year for school even as part time, 10% off most hardware, software is even more discounted. Great community, always holding great events.
Culture at Microsoft is awesome. I'm sure this was biased since I was interning there but they really take care of their employees / everyone seems to be happy to be there.
time is flexible, great people to work with, smart ideas are constantly exchanged, good managers to work with, great products and technology to work on.
Compensation, Colleagues, Business Practices, Employee Development
If you are placed on a good project it can be quite fun and working on projects that have big impact.
Love the work climate and down to earth atmosphere
Dynamic, fast paced, lots to learn, surrounded by smart people.
Compensation was good and it was clear that there was an urgency to improve business performance in the Cloud space.
The people are very friendly
A company that rewards hard work
Very exciting work, connecting with the world. Understand local business needs but also many different cultures and objectives. Microsoft is a fantastic place to work where you meet all kinds of professionals.
Microsoft is a very good company to work.
Free drinks, free coffee, cheap food
Free drinks, free coffee, cheap food
Great benefits Get to work with new technology
Fantastic salary and benefits. Good stability (credit rating higher than the US government's). This is a great place to build a career.
There are so, so many compelling, interesting people to talk to at Microsoft -- the culture is, for the most part, very welcoming to anyone who can pull their weight.
Great co-workers, scope and benefits.
It's great to work. Learning new thing is everyday business. Benefits are great. Health benefit was best couple of years ago. Not we have to pay co, but MS provides Health Savings Plan and each year they refill your credit card.
good benefits smart coworkers opportunities to grow
Great place to work and wonderful atmosphere..................
1) They really took superb care of all the interns. Work load on them is as much as could be to a normal employee. 2) Great intern events
great experience, awesome place to work
Very good benefits package from medical, dental, tuition reimbursement etc to donation matching. Good bonus earning opportunities and stock plan.
Azure and Office 365 - cool tech with a growing customer base.
Because of the size of the company, experiences are different in different departments. Overall it is a nice place to work with good pay, bonuses and perks.
The most intelligent folks I have ever encountered. They are not only thinking and planning but they are doing. They are trying out lots of new things knowing that many of those things won't work. They are trying desperately to change their stack ranking culture to a fail smart and fast and move together culture.
great program. You will learn a lot. Fun environment to be in.
Excellent compensation, Luxurious insurance coverage !
Great direct team. We all worked hard and tried to help each other be successful.
Some of the best mind and most passionate people around
Lots of benefits, lots of smart people
Learned a ton, and met some really great people, who end up leaving, because the culture is so toxic. Learned how to deal with highly toxic and incompetent middle managers, who are in charge of the place. I was a group manager and was shocked by how petty and calculating my peers were. Hey - but that's what we were paid to do! If you're a nasty and highly-political middle manager with no interest in customers then this is the place for you. You will stay there forever and be richly rewarded.
Microsoft as a company is great, very innovative products.
Lot's of learning and support. Able to develop skill sets and plenty of room for growth.
quality people, dynamic culture, very active
Amazing benefits for a U.S. company! Great 401k matching, quantity of vacation days, maternity/paternity leave, etc.
Great pay and benefits, culture focused on technology and innovation, strategy not focused entirely on making profit- it has a higher mission and does amazing things to help those in need, the environment, and the community.
Latest technologies and complex problems to solve.
Great culture, atmosphere is amazing for a company that requires a high level of output. Amazing opportunities to grow. Phenomenal benefits.
real innovation happening at this company!
company culture, flexibility, people, impact
With Satya Nadela at the helm, Microsoft has got a clear mission, strategy and excellent product line up. Transformation to a Cloud first, Mobile first business is setting the stage for a big comeback.
Work with some amazing people on software that is used by billions around the world
Newer employees and even some senior ones are very nice and often just want to code. Great health benefits.
Great benefits including gym membership, subsidized housing, and great (and affordable) food provided on campus.
Excelent pay, Comissions, Constant Trainning, All the necesary tools, Specialist available to help you with the prospects customers and IT departments.
Compensation is industry leading. Work/life balance is valued. Great co-workers. Lovely offices.
They added more public holidays and generous parental leave. Work life balance is very achievable as far as tech companies goes
Excellent positive environment excellent benefits
Tremendous freedom to get your job done. The team atmosphere is terrific, people are always willing to pitch in and help. Very committed.
Great benefits (50% 401k match, 3 months parental leave, solid pay, bonus/stock awards), opportunity to have impact on billions of people, easy to move around between different groups and parts of the tech industry
MS is adapting well to the new world of cloud services. Struggling with mobile but I like our focus on cross platform support. Satya is not tied to the past but focused on the future. pay is good and benefits are top notch. work life balance is ok. lots of flexibility on work style, work from home, office on the road. great technology to support mobile workforce. People are generally great to work with and collaborate.
Work hour is flexible. Talent people.
Good place to work for
Great benefits, flexibility, cutting edge of technology
Great facilities, benefits, cafe's. You get to work with a lot of talented senior engineers who have a ton of experience and you get to learn a lot from them. Though it varies with teams, overall I had a good work life balance.
Good exposure if you take accountability
I interned at Microsoft Research Cambridge in UK for a summer. I liked the place a lot, my mentors were very helpful and we discuss a lot everyday. Of course there would be high expectations, but I was learning a lot also each day.
Friendly team, great product, enthusiastic people! The internship program is very well structured - you have three "official" meetings with your manager during which you can plan out your goals, get feedback on your performance midway through the internship, etc.
The best part of a Microsoft job is the opportunity to claw your way up within Microsoft. Also, Microsoft still has a long way to coast before it completely runs out of momentum.
The company is always re-inventing itself, providing many varied growth opportunities to its employees.
Great environment to work in. Coworkers were all very intellectual and upbeat. Amazing Benefits and a place to expand your horizon on technological innovations.
The best part of a Microsoft job is the opportunity to claw your way up within Microsoft. Also, Microsoft still has a long way to coast before it completely runs out of momentum.
The company is always re-inventing itself, providing many varied growth opportunities to its employees.
Great environment to work in. Coworkers were all very intellectual and upbeat. Amazing Benefits and a place to expand your horizon on technological innovations.
Excellent benefits, great people, competitive salary, and the chance to work with great brands.
Lots of opportunities, many great people, intellectually engaging work
Microsoft is the best company I've ever had the pleasure to work for. The management is intelligent, and really does try to give the employee as much success as they want. I loved the work hard play hard culture that Microsoft seems to celebrate. They are a diverse company, that really does try hard to be inclusive of everyone. The money is great, benefits are amazing.
Good salary, nice bonuses for those with high security clearances. No health care premiums are take from your paycheck...YET. Definitely building a culture around diversity and clean business practices.
Microsoft is going to do right by you. They will always try to do right by you. They are built to take great care of their employees. Depending on the group, you will absolutely be empowered to be the best version of yourself.
I was very impressed with the quality of work @ microsoft. Cutting-edge technology, very knowledgable architects, and very smart co-workers.  Needless to say, Microsoft has one of the best benefit packages in the industry.
Lots of growing opportunities if you work hard
Broad range of products offers diverse set of opportunities, from client apps, operating system, hardware (phones, xbox, surface tablets), to cloud. Ability have impact on wide range of customer's life and business (consumer to enterprise). Great benefits, team culture, etc.
Great product company to work and learn processes Has liberty to share ideas and best thing is no dress code
Awesome benefits, flexible work schedule, good pay
good. had an amazing time here. definitely recomend
benefits, and its really not a hard job.
- Good Work life balance - Great benefits - Good location
Awesome company to work with. very good work life balance
Super talented and technical employees. Excellent Compensation and Benefits.
- Good work-life balance, for the large groups in which I've worked. - Plenty of opportunities to learn on the job. - Easy to move between groups when one needs a change. - Easy to find groups doing the types of work one is looking for, since the company is involved in many different areas across the industry. - The current annual review system is much improved over the past 15+ years' Ballmer-era system & its variations, at least with respect to one's performance rating.
Awesome work. Awesome people
Awesome work. Awesome people
Good work-life balance, great benefits, understanding supervisors and managers. Terrific company giving program. Clarity and transparency about the path toward advancement, though that path is very long.
Great stable company with dependable work, work timings and salary with good flexibility depending on who is your manager
Never a dull moment around here. It feels like a $400 B startup. Lots of benefits to care for.
Great place to work, but still too new
Good benefits. Lots of opportunities to move within the company.
Smart people, Innovative technology, option to change the team,
Microsoft is an exciting place to work because there is so much going on within the company. There is also great opportunities to transfer between teams if you are looking for change. The recent changes in senior leadership has also re-energized many people within the company.
Process variability on project by project basis
Flexible time and goals, you get to work with really smart people
You work with a lot of smart people and typically get ahead based on your performance and nothing else. The company seems on the right track at the moment. There are a lot of opportunities to move around and the company encourages this. Benefits were fantastic a few years ago, but are still pretty good. Work is generally exciting and impactful. The review model is much better than it was..
It really depends on which team you end up working for. I know folks that have worked in crappy teams at MS, and other folks that have worked in awesome teams. I'm one of the latter. MS does take good care of its employees.
You get to use the latest software. MS is a brand name and you get to work under MS brand.
Best company ever, very low stress & huge pay!
Great people, awesome environment and good pay. Executives were willing to help at any time. Flexible work hours and other fringe benefits.
Good benefits and smart people.
Very good office culture and all around great benefits
Great place to work for a few years, but be aggressive about pursuing your own skills, and be prepared to move on at any time.
Working with very smart and fun people!
Not too much stress, You have your own office (if it helps!), good compensation and many other benefits.
It goes without saying that Microsoft has great benefits.
You get to work with very talented individuals from across the globe, participate in large projects and have a direct impact on the execution and results of the business
They are flexible in where and when you work. There are a lot of opportunities to work in a wide variety of roles.
My 20 months at Microsoft were filled with a lot of learning, personal growth and development. My team (Windows Live Safety Platform) was a very energetic team with very high bars for quality and agility. I had a fantastic mentor who also happened to be one of the smartest people I've ever worked with. While at times it did feel like the company was too big and that some decisions could be made faster, it almost always felt understandable. I heard complaints about other areas of the firm, but my own personal experience was fantastic.
Great place to be if you love tech. I was in a non-technical department, but still felt up-to-date with a lot of the tech developments that were going on.  Great benefits such as the 401k match, yearly fitness stipend, good compensation.  Relative stability: MS isn't in danger of going bankrupt anytime soon.
Work life balance, Exciting work, mentorship
Great pay! Great bonus. Ability to work remotely.
Smart people all around and good location
Work amongst some of the smartest people in the field.
Talented people, good benefits and pay-package. The company is making significant changes to remain competitive for the near and long term.
Microsoft treats it's people very well overall. The compensation is competitive for the Seattle area. Career development is a focus area. The review model changes over the past years have made improvements to the cutthroat nature of the culture. The number one improvement, and felt literally every day, is the naming of Satya Nadella as the CEO - much more inspired leadership that is practical to today's technology market.
Great benefits and pay, stock options help too
Benefits are decent, although nothing like they used to be. They have some extra perks like the Prime card which allows employees and their families to get a lot of buy one get one at many restaurants as well as very low entry prices to zoos, museums, etc.
Salary and benefits were generous. Work environment was flexible and work-life balance was very manageable.
company provides very competitive benefits, and there are a lot of product groups focusing in different areas. Get to work with a lot of very talented engineers from all over the world.
CEO Satya Nadella has a new direction for the company, the direction is clear and employees feel good about his leadership.
- Challenging and interesting opportunities - Pretty decent benefits
Work Life, very smart people, benefits
great work life balance - I managed to finish my project by working 8h days, though I've heard that sometimes fulltime employees have to work 12h+ plenty of intern events interesting projects
Flexibility to do different types of work.  Good benefits and pay.  Diverse working environment.  Many different locations.
Smart people but not really. I worked at other tech companies and I think Microsoft gets more than its fair portion of sales like personalities. I think that's both good and bad. The best tech is being made here by just a handful of people but with the worst implementation cause the focus is to sell not make something great.
Working for a big employer like Microsoft is a great opportunity mainly because of their great benefits.
Many opportunities to learn and to build your skill set. Opportunities to work on many different types of technology and software interfaces.
Vibrant firm with very smart people.
After spending nine years of my career at Microsoft, I can say without doubt that the one thing that's kept me here, is people. Building products, and solving problems for a billion people, attracts some of the brightest minds. It can be intimidating, but is almost always also exciting. Creativity and innovation is always encouraged and rewarded.  Role boundaries are as flexible as you want them to be. I work with rock-star devs who live and breath hyper-scale code. Whereas I often operate in the fuzz between full stack engineering, program management, and marketing.  Benefits are pretty good, once you get past the unnecessary complexity of the way they are structured.  Management knows things are different now. This is not the same Microsoft as two years ago. You can almost smell the change in campus air.  Speaking of smells, management's finally listening and the cafeteria food has been excellent lately.
I am a new full time hire here at Microsoft. I previously interned here and have had nothing but a good experience. Flexible hours so long as you complete your work. Great compensation and benefits. Nice location.
- nice work/life balance - good benefits - there are teams that are doing everything: from online search to hardware
Huge choice for work, (almost) top class benefits, better than average colleagues, great campus, MSR, many high impact products
Very nice working space and office. Team members are sitting close to each other.
Interesting position, relaxed environment, always learning about new research
Great, smart people, great benefits. Community oriented
Too many to list out.
Great place to work, never a dull moment. Fast pace and high expectations, but love to be able to always work on the latest and greatest technology with so many brilliant people.
Working as a contractor at Microsoft provides many benefits. Depending on the group, you have a lot of flexibility, great wages, and a team environment, without the politics. Contracting opens up many doors for FTE opportunities and/or other contracting positions.
People were smart and good in a lot of ways. Early one, when Bill was in charge and the company was growing, it was a fabulous place to work. People were high energy and loved the job, the stock was growing and you did not have an up and out culture. People were valued for their work, not their career mobility, so I use to hear the phrase, the company ran on 12 (level 12's where the majority of people stayed career wise). Very few went on to management and for good reason, you don't need that many leaders.
Great office and Team Free lunches
Personal and professional growth potential is tremendous, corporate support of employees is outstanding, peers are of high caliber, the pay is good, the benefits are justifiably legendary. This company truly stands by their commitments to support their employees.
The opportunity to work on such great games as Forza and Forza: Horizon was a great experience. The art teams, Vehicle Art in particular, were amazing people to work with and made coming into work everyday enjoyable. The studio had a somewhat decent cafeteria, free soft drinks/coffee/tee and if you had to work late or on weekends they brought in food.
Very smart people, pretty good technology updates, excellent benefits (when I was there).
Good management good people good friends and easy to talk to people and go to people for help. Would recommend this for anyone.
lots of smart people around, very collaborative environment within the team. We also value human connections.
Great training process and culture. The employers not only focus on your technical skills, but on your overall behaviors.
The best reason to work at Microsoft is because of the customer service representation.
Nice facility, most co-workers are civil to friendly. Salaries are higher than average for the area. Contractors were great to work with.
HUGE institutional memory - access to years of problem-solving history, plus (generally) deeper info if you need it. Benefits aren't as amazing as they were a few years ago, but that means they're merely "stellar" now.
Some good teams and smart atmosphere
The corporate culture in Office was best place I ever worked at Microsoft. They cared very deeply about shipping great products.
Great pay, benefits aren't what they used to be but still are pretty good. Most managers are really good and most of the people you work with are really nice. It is the best company I have ever worked for with a pretty good review system although it is not perfect.
xbox was great when growing, lots of accountability, gamers in charge
Compensation was very good. Stock program was excellent. I worked with a lot of talented people while I was at Microsoft.
It has been amazing to help others make their dreams a reality.
Many different groups with their own cultures. You can most likely find something that fits you.
Tons of benefits, they definitely spoil their interns and make sure you are getting the best experience possible
Great company to work for
Culture, Leadership, Opportunity, Profitable, Lots of Cash
Great career potential for those who are driven
Awesome in every way possible
Lots of flexibility to achieve work-life balance. If you have to leave in the middle of the day to run an errand, it's usually fine
-Awesome benefits -Smart coworkers -All the resources to do your job
Your peers are some of the best in the world.
benefits, work hours, flexibility, team size, process.
Benefits - pro club, decent medical, dental, vision, 401K is good, holidays  wide range of work to do, complex problems to solve, lots to learn
Large diverse company with enough budget and support to pull off anything
Solid company when times get tough, varied product line allowing for internal moves, decent compensation, some really fine people. The new CEO has a good vision for the company, though he'll have an uphill battle.
Positive change happening under Satya's leadership. More agile. More focused on product metrics.
Microsoft has all kinds of possibilities in all kinds of disciplines, so it's little wonder they attract as many people as they do. And if you're working contract and find a staffing agency with any sort of testicles, they pay very fairly.
Great benefits, good pay, fun environment,
Laid back environment, good company to work for, the experience you gain, so many people to work with that have amazing talent
The compensation is fair and as a contract employee it is easy to move around the company to experience different organizations. Having a limit on contract hours is pretty great, a hard stop at 40 hours is a relief during peak seasons.
great place to work and amazing for work-life balance
Benefits are top notch One of the leaders in technology
Some of the best learning opportunities for online services. Especially in the marketplace services division of the onestore business. Agile environment.
401k, paid vacation and sick time.
It's great here, when you have a dedicated team and management. I've learned that MSFT is very thorough in qualifications and has a lot of red tape-- but for good reason.  1. You're as worthy of moving up as you are dedicated. 2. You aren't going to be spoon fed opportunities to grow-- seek and you shall find. 3. Room to network and make your name out there. 4. The company actually listens to what Retail is saying and they grow with their employees. 5. They have, honestly, the /best/ coaching and constructive criticism training. I used to be an ASM at another retail company and I was honestly moved by how graceful managers are when it comes to attending to a problem and setting you up for success. 6. The pay is substantially more than other companies-- but be forewarned, with greater pay it comes with greater responsibility.
amazing vision and product portfolio very optimized operating model
Good benefits Good career opportunities if you have a good manager who has your best interests in mind
Great Employer to work for
The people I worked with were great, company benefits were second to none, and there were flexible work schedule if you got the right manager.  And depending on the role, there were meaty issues to solve and plenty to keep the mind active.
Colleagues are friendly and intelligent. Benefits are not bad, including medical, 401k, vacations, etc. Work life balance is usually under your own control.
Pleasant facilities, abundant resources, smart coworkers, networking opportunities, benefits, flexible schedule. Coworkers are always willing to help and very supportive.
Great benefits, smart people, incredible amenities- Commons, shuttle, software. Work life is what you make it, as is career advancement . I have learned a ton at Msft in my 11+ years here
Company policies make it easier for you to have a life outside of work Working with very smart people
Interesting research areas with many top researchers in the field. Brilliant colleagues that collaborate. Beautiful location and nice campus.
You meet smart people. They come and go.
A great company overall. Many good people and lots of resources to learn and grow. The projects & stuff you work could be challenge but could also be very trivial and boring. Good work and life balance. Okay composition.
great benefits and cafeterias with good food
Decent talent pool if you're lucky to be in a good team. Okay benefits. Good place if you want to find startup founders.
Great place to work at
lots of opportunity, smart people, good perks
Access to pretty much all MS software. Gives you the opportunity to learn whatever you want of their technology.
Great benefits, great people, salary is above average for position, stock options, bonuses, large corporation
Work life balance, Work hour flexibility, Compensation
Pay and benefits cannot be beat
Fantastic people - world class all around. Amazing benefits. Flexible schedule and great WLB.
Love Seattle, great place to intern, my manager was fantastic, great benefits
Lots of positions available in a very wide variety of tech areas. Most people are very intelligent and motivated to help and work with you. Awesome IT infrastructure. Decent salary, pretty good perks and benefits overall.
I had a great experience in Bing/MSN. we built an App engagement platform and MSN Travel Website.
Flexible hours, smart people office, yeah
Good Team .
Great work life balance. Great in house career development programs. Solid growth path. Company reinvigorating itself to be more agile and market driven. Solid products.
Benefits, Flexible work schedule, Innovative
1. Have a lot of projects. 2. Smart people. 3. Easy working environment. 4. Great benefit
Massive positive culture change in past year - focus on agility, breaking down org silos, utilizing open source. Encouraging more small team projects, but trying to cut out legacy products/teams that are no longer relevant or draining the company.  Very good benefits, managers can be good or bad (like any large company). Move away from the bad ones and find the good ones.  Dropping stack ranking was a huge improvement.
boots on the ground people are great, if you can stay out of the politics.
benefits are good. Pay is ok. had own office which is rare in the tech companies nowadays.
Large company good processes, good benefits for families. Still makes a lot of money. Provides a stable job with not much to worry about
Overall, it is a great place to intern. Lots of benefits and events, pay is great.
Great benefits, the company is very committed to doing right by its customers. Microsoft is very hungry, trying to grow across existing and new markets alike.
Intern specific events, challenging and fulfilling project, good benefits and compensation, great team environment, and amazing campus
Benefits, Pay, Culture, Opportunities, Inspiration, Peers, Networking
I work at Microsoft headquarters in Redmond and have been with the company for 2.5 years. This is a great company to be a software developer for, and they pay well with fantastic benefits.  Some teams at Microsoft are fast paced, new, and exciting. Some teams are slow moving and have tons of process. You can probably find what you are looking for at this company given the wide variety of products and teams.
There are a lot of great benefits and perks. A lot of rewarding work.
Really interesting work. The impact of what you work on is very large, since there are so many customers. Great changes in cultural starting to trickle down after satay has taken over as ceo.
- Strong post-MBA immersion program
Great people to work with, many perks, awesome campus, very challenging and rewarding work. There were a lot of brown bag events where you can jump right into new technology.
The interview went great. I was hired on the spot. And that's fast for Microsoft. I have a sense of accomplishment knowing I was hired because all of Microsoft's H1-B workers couldn't do the job I'm doing. People are polite, even if they tend to be somewhat passive aggressive in the way people from Redmond, Bellevue, WA can be. And that's kind of where the pros stop.  The only other bright side so far - I won't be here longer than five years I'm sure. Which is good, because in IT, anyone who has been at Microsoft more than five years is "damaged goods" on the job market.
Amazing benefits, great company vision.
I spent many years at Microsoft and it was a very fulfilling career. Microsoft has an incredible set of smart people who love to work hard, and challenge themselves.
Good people good company. Good products. Good growth potential up to 2014. Not sure anymore as I departed for better long-term opportunities pre-Satya... I wish them great success.
Quality company creating excellent products.
It has great benefits, compensation program
Benefits, pay, performance opportunities, great and smart people
depends on the group your working in... i worked at msft for over 20 years. i liked it better in the old days.
Good Benefits, challenging work, opportunities to learn
-Challenging -Flexible -Talented community - Open door policy -Unique opportunities everywhere you turn -Can move up quickly
Very nice healthcare plan, The co-workers are usually nice and helpful Work-life balance
Worked in Microsoft Consulting Services. Lots of opportunities to learn, company very focused on customer satisfaction. Very interesting assignments. Lots of responsibility thrown at you from the first day of work. Overall, I recommend the company.
Very competitive wages, at least when you are first hired. Work/life balance is hit or miss, my team was great, others were more like Amazon.
I get to work on some meaty projects that affect our customer base. Definitely have a lot of autonomy to make the work happen (but there are issues here too... see below). The people are all very smart and, for the most part, enjoyable to work with. Amazing work life balance.
If you are lucky to join a good team, you work with amazing people on amazing products
Benefits, training, career growth are wonderful. Also, your annual increase is based upon how you have helped others, how you have learned from others, how you have helped Microsoft grow, and if a consultant, your utilization. They truly put effort towards giving everyone an opportunity to grow and excel. Constant visibility to corporate direction - town halls, etc. New CEO has made a real difference from what I hear from long-term employees.
With the right manager, the ability to navigate your own growth is spot on. My ability to promote out of administrative work to something more program management oriented was seamless. Work/life balance is encouraged. Benefits are great and the stay fit benefit is an additional perk the helps reward feeling healthy overall.
Great opportunities for impact, smooth integration of new employees, very smart colleagues, great perks and benefits, good work life balance.
Surrounded by unbelievable talent. Working for a product company, you have direct access to the people that actually created the software you use.
Deep pockets, smart employees, re-invigorated vision and company strategy. Very good compensation and benefits which keeps a lot of people here.
Lots of opportunities, smart people around.
Great people, diversity in opportunities
Great pay Average benefits Brilliant people to work with and learn from Feels great to work on products that so many people use It is possible to keep working on an open source project you may contribute to, if you follow the appropriate process
Great benefits, smart people and transport is free
You get to work with some really smart, driven, fun people
Peers are very smart and of high caliber - some of the smartest people around. Pay is on par with the industry and the benefits are exceptional.
co-workers have a good attitude, always willing to help each other. there were about 10 cooks for the 6 stations at the Microsoft property in Sunnyvale, CA.
team management, strategy for business
Provides an opportunity to work in a wide variety of products and services. No other company can beat the diversity of experience that Microsoft can provide. Very good benefits Health care, health club, ESPP, 401K, infant care, Paternity leave, good vacation, free food (in certain divisions). Microsoft has one of the best benefit package out there. Good work life balance in most divisions.
Great opportunity to work on new technologies
Building the latest and greatest with flexibility along with making a huge impact to billions of people in the world. Strong leadership driving directions, example Open source/ Interoperability across technologies.
Very smart people, healthy culture, very strong market position, admired CEO, low tolerance for toxic people and non-performers
Amazing company with some of the most talented and smart people on the planet. The right strategic moves are being made to keep the company growing and remain competitive. Technology innovation at its best!
* Great benefits * Great Salary * Great People
I have enjoyed working for Microsoft most of my time. It has a lot of opportunities within the company. Good learning courses and good testing training. Entry level salary is great.
good benefits and stimulating work environment
- Ability to work on leading edge technology that can change the world - Strongly values diversity - Back in a growth trajectory after faltering
> Excellent career opportunities > Great benefits > Awesome work environment
Stable Company and good benefits. They used to be much better.
Great people, reasonable salary and wonderful co-workers. I really had a great time there. Learned many things on the job.
Smart people, exciting technologies and products
Large amount of resources, and an anything's possible mentality. Nearly unlimited software access, and a wide variety of resources and training to help you build technical solutions that improves your job effectiveness and efficiency. Transportation using shuttles with wifi to and from your neighborhood. Guaranteed rides home via taxi if you miss your bus.
Enough smart people to learn from. Lots of interesting projects to choose from. Decent work-life balance and flexible schedule. Good for building career in long-term.
Great benefits, great pay, awesome campus facilities and really smart coworkers. You work at a company which is one of the top 3-4 technology firms in the world. There is pride in that. I also like how the company evolves its benefits to care for its employees' needs. For an engineer there are opportunities to work across the stack from productivity software, cloud, gaming to operating systems. The company cares about work/life balance.
cloud and solution specialist roles are solid
If you work really hard and make the right people like you, you might be one of the lucky few who get selected for BENCH/HiPo/Lab365, which is the fast-track to promotions, bonuses, and raises. Even if you don't, compensation is still pretty good.
Great potential for evolution inside the company.
There are so many opportunities and you can work in almost any field with any audience on so many great products.
You learn from the best of the best - and if you are in the right group - you learn from each other.
Good pay, great benefits, lots of opportunities to grow, Good people to work with. 160 hours of training a year
Good Brand ,Good Brand , Good benefits , Good experience
good benefit, base salary, stock
Peers are great. Benefits are good, but not as good as they used to be. The technology being created is still fun, and exciting, but the processes are continually being reinvented.
Smart folks, a lot of projects
Great Working Environment, Lots of new things to learn, Amazing Stipend and lots of exposure
Great benefits package. Generous severance. Bright, hardworking people.
Great campus facilities, good peers and company culture. Good daily food allowance limits for during travel
Good Brand ,Good Brand , Good benefits , Good experience
Reinvented culture encourages Open Source contributions, cross platform development, agile planning, and quick delivery.
Great Working Environment, Lots of new things to learn, Amazing Stipend and lots of exposure
Cutting edge technology & intelligent collegues
Great Benefits and pay. Depending on what part of the business you are working for your co-workers can be outstanding.
Great benefits. Large company. Lots of opportunities for management. Clear focus on ubiquitous computing, i.e. cloud computing after Satya Nadella took over.
Benefits are great and so are the people
Improving culture, strong talent, greater strategic focus than ever before
Excellent Benefits Great Culture Motivated Career Growth Millions of areas to work on
Smart people, great resources, good work life balance
Latest cutting edge work, Smart people
Matured company and stable. Treat employee as valuable asset, learning and growth opportunity. Desire and ability to adjust itself. Decent compensation, with perks such as single office. Making a lot of money.
Challenging work, good work/life balance.
Great potential for growth in company. There are many opportunities if you're willing to really "put your nose to the grindstone" year after year.
Very good chance to try different roles within the company.
Overall - it's a good job. Good benefits, if your on main campus - mail, bank, food options and the company store.
Microsoft is going through a lots of changes which opens up a unique opportunity along with great benefits.
Great people (talented, focused, good to work with...) Technology that reaches a wide audience Access to subject experts
Lots of different projects to work on, and now it is easier to move around internally. The benefits are really nice, I especially like the ESPP program where we can buy stock at a discounted price, and it matures over 3 months to the full price. Main campus is also great and is in a good location (close to Bellevue, Kirkland and Redmond, all nice areas).
New CEO culture and business shift
Challenging environment with a great many learning opportunities, competitive benefits, smart colleagues, philanthropic environment
Smart people to work with
1) The pay can be very good and at times it is very exciting, when a great product or new technology is released. 2) It's fun to be a part of something big.
Company seems to be doing well under Satya, but morale is varied. Pay, benefits are decent
awesome management - great people to work with !
Great benefits. Good work life balance
Microsoft has a lot of opportunities for growth. It has a great training and conference to improve your career
Good benefits, good people, commitment to charity
1. Awesome 'speak your mind' culture 2. Growing 'hack' culture to follow your dreams and how you want to change the world 3. Cool new products to work on 4. When you ship, millions will use it 5. Great bunch of people to work with 6. Highly ethical company 7. Great benefits
Good environment, good benefit, a lot of different opportunities
Great people to work with, autonomy, and benefits. Challenging, rewarding, and generally a fun place to work!
Great benefits and perks. Work on world-class technology with infinite reach. Tons of talented people. Now that the review process has been re-vamped it is a more positive experience while still encouraging employee growth.
Amazing compensation and benefits. Health, fitness, dental, you name it. If you get on the right team, you get to own a lot of scope. This makes it fairly easy to get promotions early on in your career.
Sponsorship for green card, good money
Great pay, cash bonuses and stock.
Life and work balance is good. Good perks
Good internal training resource, education reimbursement, and benefits. Generally good job mobility across groups. Flexible work hours, able to work from home (varies by group/position)
Excellent pay and benefits, big company philosophy, lots of great training classes, sense of loyalty and being proud to represent a major player in technology.
good benefits, good campus, good office,
Good salary, good benefits, flexible schedule. Some interesting projects
It is the best company in the world
great products, great atmosphere and positive energy in the workplace. great flexibility for working from home/remote. Awesome benefits.
There are so many teams within Microsoft, working on so many different things, and it's easy to move between them. My current team helps other companies, writes in a variety of languages (Node.js, C#, Ruby, Python, C++), and releases to GitHub. Other teams have long cycle times and ship products, while still others build services across tens of thousands of machines helping hundreds of millions of users a day.
Great team to work with and great leadership. Amazing exposure to B to C sales. Lots of training all paid and useful.
Great company to work for. Very good benefits. Great location. Smart people. Innovative technology platform. Extensive medical coverage. Performance bonus and employees stock options.
Microsoft is a great place to work. While Microsoft has entered into middle age, and continues to transform. It has a number of outstanding benefits. The best thing is the very smart and passionate people who are committed to making the company successful and a great place to work.
Lots of very smart people Aggressive college internships and hiring Well funded research division Many technologies and opportunities for career breadth and growth Excellent benefits Generally flexible schedule Strive for diversity First class charitable giving campaign
Ability to navigate through a large company Several layers if experience across different groups
Dynamic leadership and great potential
Microsoft was a great place to work. The number of smart people you work with every day is amazing.
Here you area empowered to give birth to your creativity, collaborating with other great minds in order to have a big impact on business priorities and customer needs.
Great work life balance, competitive and challenging environment.
Big company with great people. Good products and great teams. Appericate people who work smart
Benefits, great campus, facilities, Opportunities to move laterally
- Highly talented people in the team to learn from - Variety of projects to work on and ability to move across teams with ease - Managers that are technically strong and great mentors as well - Above average salary and benefits
Mostly smart people, passionate about s/w, lots of positive changes have occurred under new CEO Nadella.
I have an amazing manager, and get to work on great projects. We work hard, and do it as a team. Very rewarding, and a good cooperative environment, at least within our own team.
Family friend company. Mature and stable company. Good work life balance.
Wide ranging opportunities to work on different technologies Right focus after change in CEO
Great pay and benefits. Exciting place to work.
Great buffet for marketing and other jobs. Great work life balance depending on team. Great benefits. Microsoft really cares for its people overall.
Smart people and excellent benefits
Very nice people very nice place and good pay
good pay and good benefits
It is turning the corner.
Great company to learn from others, no matter what level of experience you have.
Microsoft is growing in a number of areas, is moving the culture in the right direction and has a great work/life balance.
Good strategy, great environment. Positive outlook. Azure, office 365 and now Windows 10, all great products.
Creative work, Autonomy, Meritocracy, Fun place
good salary, good fellow talents along side, good teaching stuff. good working environment.
Lots of opportunity for new skills and new roles
Good job pays good and really great for people who know technology well. This is a great job for most people
Great benefits for people with families. 401k match up to the IRS maximum. Competitive pay for the Seattle area.
Great benefits. Work/life balance. There is a variety of teams & projects to work on.
Good health benefits, thought they were better. Excellent 401k, vacation, and the other perks Very smart people, passionate about technology, software Great development tools, hardware, anything you need to do your work right
Great place to learn and grow.
Excellent benefits. Attracts smart people and a good place to get a career started.
You can tell that the company cares about its employees. They work hard to provide a positive working environment with competitive compensation.
Amazing learning in terms in Machine Learning. People are extremely helpful and polite.
Good job pays good and really great for people who know technology well. This is a great job for most people
Microsoft was a technology powerhouse in the 90s. However, poor management, bad acquisitions, and a flawed performance ranking system have turned it into the IBM of our generation.
It is a great company to work for
Microsoft has some really talented people -- sure, they may not have been winning the recruiting battles in more recent times but they've got some deep benches. When I first got there, I was surprised at how many employees there just seem to stay for A LONG TIME. I knew several folks who had been there 10, 13, more years. This was unheard of in the Silicon Valley tech companies where I had worked. I worked hard there and believe that my work was adequately recognized and appreciated.  They treat their employees really well. It was pretty hard for me to leave in spite of having a number of solid reasons for doing so. Why? I got so comfortable. It's true. It's a nice lifestyle. Didn't have to work THAT hard. (Not relative to how hard I was working.)
Flexibility in schedule. Teams are working together and support you. Benefits are getting better.
Great people throughout the organization, everyone really tried to work together to perform for customers. Corporate charity is a massive emphasis matching cash and hours up to $13k.
Exciting projects, some brilliant colleagues and good benefits.
Benefits are great, internal processes are really well thought out for the most part, and there is a great vibe around the direction of the company overall. The Premier division places an emphasis on work-life balance (mixed success, but the effort is there).
You get access to alot of online tools
You get access to alot of online tools
It is overall a great company. They really care for employees, work life balance and overall human value. You can work on so many products from xbox, to azure to windows to office to bing without ever leaving the company.
Flexible hours is the biggest advantage.
Technically Challenging and good work life balance
Top performers very well compensated. Play with amazing technology all day! Company going through amazing transformation.
Lot's of freedom and great work environment.
Good work life balance, good relocation package
Enable employees to get things done and open to new ideas
Payment and other benefits Fun intern experience Free and open team & environment
compensation and benefits are solid, cannot complain
Empowered to make an impact, lots of super smart people. The world uses what you build to be productive. Good vacation with seniority.
tons of smart individuals and a breath of technology to work with
Great talented people, career growth, and convenient locations
Potential of good bonuses. The company is doing good, but you have to be on the right division. The Hardware business is struggling, but the other areas have better growth potential.
Great company to work for. Great benefits, lots of flexibility, lots of interesting projects, good pay, Good life/work balance......
Many rewards for good conduct and sales, enthusiastic management, discounts on software and hardware. Great benefits, quarterly bonuses. Other benefits apply to health, stock options, and 401(k).
Interesting and challenging work, great people
Well organized and passionate coworkers.
They allow flexible work schedule and values employees. There are many different teams and products you can work on. Lot of opportunities to broaden your horizons.
- Fair compensation - Many of the cool "tech" industry benefits without the crazy SF start-up hours and anti-family culture
Great work environment and amazing peers to work with!
Good work life balance. Good benefit. Good career growth from junior to senior level. Some people hated the curve or stack ranking, but it does allow each team's best engineer to stand out and get promoted when if their project is not going well.
it's fine, good company but not great
Decent benefits. Really great people. Stock adds up if you stick it out long term.
Great engineering projects to work on. Great products to be proud of.
Better top management now with Satya at the helm, the future looks bright For the most part great benefits and competitive salary Awesome product line in Surface, XBOX, Hololens, etc
Great with work life balance
Great Perks Job Security Wide range of products You can easily move around within the company
Work-life balance, talented coworkers, lot of resources, great design community
You have lot of experience people around and good Microsoft stack is available. Good salary, bonus and stock. Work life balance.
- Working with smart people. - Fun events on campus. - Capable hardware. - Own office.
Venerable company with a great track record in the IT industry
Excellent benefits including health care insurance. Excellent work life balance.
good culture, user-driven decision, work-life balance, good benefit
Business environment, career opportunities, salary, benefits
Somewhat decent pay and benefits.
Satya has done a great job at shifting the culture in the short time he's had. The company's priorities seem like they are in the right place now. Fat trimming is good to see Lots of smart people to work with Competitive pay Excellent benefits Can set my own schedule and work
Good Career opportunities. Very diverse teams. Good Environment. Surrounded by smart people. Quite exiting projects. The benefits are awesome.
Good pay and benefits. They recently dropped a 5% attrition goal so now good employees aren't dismissed to meet a quota. Still a fairly relaxed atmosphere, working with great people.
Great place to work
smart people, good benefits, wide spectrum of technologies
Good pay and benefits Motivating work place
Meaningful project, great mentors, international travel opportunities
I enjoyed my position with Microsoft and learned a significant amount during my time there. I was stretched beyond my comfort zone often and grew as both a leader and a presenter in this role. Great company to work for and a great opportunity.
Good work life, lots of potential to impact many people. High values and integrity.
Awesome people who are very helpful Good Benefits Diversity
Benefits, local work culture, local management
Smartest people you'll ever work with. Some of the best, if not the best benefits in tech. Benefits got slightly worse post recession and government healthcare rollout, but just improved with changes to family leave and 401k contribution.
• Work/Life balance can be great if you set and stick to your boundaries (more on that in the 'cons' section).  • Casual workplace, no dress code, free drinks, most of the people I've worked with over the years will be lifelong friends.  • Flexibility - have a dentist appointment? No problem. You can hop online later from home to see what you missed, or decide beforehand of you wont be available after your appointment, just let people know.  • Benefits. As in medical, "perks", etc - can't beat 'em!  •Name dropping... "Yeah I work for a little company called Microsoft, maybe you've heard of it?" Everyone knows that name, that brand. Whether the other person thinks highly or poorly of Microsoft, they know your company. In any country, anywhere. That's pretty cool.
Highly flexible working environment, telecommute is very usual
Highly flexible working environment, telecommute is very usual
Work/life balance is stressed, usually not a problem to adjust schedule to fit in kids. Pays well.
comfortable, easy, good pay, good benefits
Good direction with good people.
great job but must be very creative because everyone depends on you.
Microsoft offers amazing benefits to its employees. You will never find better. The people who work there are smart and have great experience.
Probably the best intern salary compared to Google/Apple/Amazon especially given that in Washington prices and taxes are lower. Subsidized housing
access to a lot of advanced technology and some exceptional people, Very good library and research resources. A lot of amazing internal tools that for reasons I don't understand were never productized.
Brand name, open culture, ability to do differnt roles across organisation
large company with lots of revenue, easy to find a place to bury yourself and work out your career in obscurity, great brand visibility that looks good on your resume
Great and smart people around you
Huge company, good benefits, a lot of resources available for the employees
Very competitive salary, incredible benefits and perks, flexible work schedule, great people and culture
You work on real life projects and have the opportunity to make a real impact.
Fair compensation, lot of benefits, flexible work culture, ton of opportunities within the company
solid company with wide range of offerings, from consumer to enterprise, smart coworker, good training and learning opportunities, good variety of projects to work on, almost unlimited resources, overall positive
Very good benefits. Truly care about family and help with your career. Opportunities for travel within the company.
Solid salary and best benefits around.
Amazing retail environment. Very fast paced with lots of energy. Awesome people and customers. Plenty of room for advancement.
Flexibility in working time. Many experts in domain to discuss and learn from.
Exciting times to be at Microsoft with lots of opportunities
You're working on products millions of people around the world will use.
I worked as a campus brand representative in Microsoft. It was a perfect job for any kind of student.
Great benefits and compensation packages. Great managers from my experience and want you to be successful
Inclusive culture (race, sex, sexual orientation, personality). Good benefits for the industry.
Leading technology and good health benefits
Global organization allows for international experience.
The salary is fantastic, the benefits are top-notch, and the products you work on truly do change the world, so it is easy to find meaning in your work. The people you meet here are genuine and very intelligent, which is great considering how much time you spend with them.
big fat company, lots of projects
High quality research, involved mentors
Doubled salary in 8 years of employment, used to be a wonderful company
New Parental Leave Policy Bonus and review system is much improved over the past Open to using the right tech to solve problems is a big improvement over the Ballmer days
Very few pros working for Microsoft
Offices are preferred to cubicles.
Allows for growth for individuals that have driver mindset
Company definitely has a bright future if they work hard on innovation and cloud computing.
Free soda, very good IT department, good culture of quality first.
Challenging technical problems, and infinitely learning opportunities
Smart co engineers, very good employee care and benefits
The company overall pays a bit more attention to work-life balance, compared to another local big online giant in the region. They also offer ergonomic furniture and the necessary hardware to do your job.
The company overall pays a bit more attention to work-life balance, compared to another local big online giant in the region. They also offer ergonomic furniture and the necessary hardware to do your job.
-Company has improved dramatically in the last few years since Ballmer's departure -decent pay, good benefits -lots of opportunity to do awesome work and make a huge impact in the industry -our culture is slowly changing for the better
A great, challenging work environment.
- good work life balance - most managers are really nice and open to grabbing a coffee etc. - there's a good amount kf training resources available - people are pretty down to dart and the interview process and fairly laid back - free soda - free bus pass
company pays good salary, and has work life balance.
Paid Well and very good benifits
Good work-life balance (at least most of the time), while there are a lot of bureaucracy, the company and the managers do care about the company image, they usually won't do or say anything that would outright be considered evil and outrageous (unlike Amazon).
Great team of smart and motivated colleagues. Great products with loyal customer base. Good pay and benefits.
-Its a great place to learn a lot - a lot of smart co-workers
Innovative and game-changing company with great products and solutions. Microsoft continues to invest significantly in solutions to deliver its vision to customers, and become the leader in the multiple areas of the technology industry (i.e. magic quadrants).
Very good working environment in Redmond
Great benefit, flexible work time management (depending on your manager), good salary
Reinvigorated under the new leadership of Satya Nadella
There seems to be a breath of fresh air in Microsoft that makes working here both refreshing and challenging depends on what you are looking for. If you are the creative types that like to leverage people's idea to be successful and believe the success of the group equals the success of individual no matter what it takes, you will now find MS a place that actually measure your performance in similar ways. Also If you are the experimental kind that thinks that good business in tech needs to move fast with ideas, you will also find that MS is now a place that wants you to help it move in that direction (surprisingly enough)
HR and recruiting are really committed and invested in their interns. They offer a great experience.
- Lot of opportunities within multiple different types of businesses and technologies - Benefits - International multicultural environment
Great technical experience. I learned a lot while there. And I was able to take that technical experience with me when I left. It's a great place for a year or so to get experience. But not very many people stay longer than that.
Immense opportunities abound across a wide variety of products, technologies and geographies
Flexible working time Good resources Interesting projects
Great culture to work in!
Great salary and benefits, Tele work available.
Work space is super great!
One of the best internship programs in the US. Great place to learn hands-on stuff about developing software. Plenty of interesting people to learn from.
Microsoft tries to allow equal opportunities to employees, and the new review system encourages employees to collaborate with one another
Benefits are great, and if you have a good team, the culture is fantastic. Can be as flexible as you'd like.
Company is great to work for, especially because they help promote innovation and creativity. Really good benefits as well, which I liked a lot.
Good comp & benefits, freedom to do great things once you are senior enough, energy is upbeat and focused on great work, energized by new senior leadership. It's work life integration not balance and when you like what you do that's ok.
Technology, Money, Software, Flexibility, Employment
Microsoft provides a great opportunity to work on impactful software. They are very professional and allow many opportunities to interact with top talent.
Lots of smart people, decent benefits, you actually get your own office, you schedule can be very flexible
-Great people -Great products -Good atmosphere -Good benefits -Good 401k
Great place to work - flexibility with work schedule. Work from home.
Great benefits and pay. Pretty good work life balance. Nice people, and cool events sometimes.
Great company, open environment, always learning new things
It's been a good place to work overall. There were no major downsides. I enjoyed it.
Decent benefits High differentiated rewards for strong performers Good office environment Reasonable work/life balance
1. good perks 2. work culture good
Microsoft is a global leader in software, with a strong business drive and a clear and well communicated strategy. It is a company ready to shape the world future
Work life balance, changing culture to be more fast and responsive, intelligent passionate people
Smart people. Best company on earth. Lots of time to learn, fortune 5 clients.
Big company many products you can work on
Compared to similar companies in this region, Microsoft offers a decent work-life balance. Great culture for fostering working beyond boundaries - including a flexible remote working environment Plenty of opportunity for upward mobility by the motivated employee
had great products, challenging every day.
Good work life balance. Culture seems to be turning around from its period of stagnation of the last decade.
New products, Challenging, Good Benefits
Benefits, Fellow co-workers, get to play xbone for "sells", 1 hr lunches, stocked break room with all the junk food your and imagine.
Microsoft will always be a company that will continue to try try try and eventually get it right. The genuinely believe in their people and take business very seriously. You can meet great people and smart people...and have fun doing it.
Great benefits, smart, good people, if you get a good manager the review system is fair and helpful
Big company, big tech. Learn about the latest tech.
Decent pay, great benefits, and a lot of opportunities to move around the company. Also offer a good tuition reimbursement package.
great people, diverse workplace and cheap software
Solid pay, flexible schedule, strong benefits and dedicated colleagues.
Great Talent , Socially connected Company and employee love their benefits.
Compensation, People, Location, Annual Review Fair
Great work life balance Very talented engineers (team dependent) Competitive salary Excellent benefits Can move around the company easily
Great company, great culture. great opportunities
Good work life balance. Work time flexibility. Single office.
It is great company if you are working with right teams. Some of the team members are very passionate and highly technically capable leaders. Their ability to manage larger team with great process has kept them leader in some and survive in other area.
Good people, office environment, trained well, promotes from within, good benefits
Being an entry level tester, working at Microsoft has been a great learning experience and will look nice on my resume. There are some really great people who are more than willing to help and teach you.
It is the best company. They care for their employees.
Great compensation and benefits Meet and connect with brilliant people Great work/life balance (depending on the team) Easily jump to other teams within the company Extremely flexible schedules (depending on the team) Work on products and tools that touch millions of users Freedom to pursue projects that interest you (and up to you to initiate) Travel for conferences and workshops Free coffee and drinks
Work life balance, good benefits
Great benefits, good salary. Work with smart people
Super smart people, great CEO, good business minded people, great at strategy, like the new performance management system
Pay, Time off, culture, and working with very smart people
Microsoft provides great benefits and because of its size it offers many different opportunities to expand your career without leaving the company
High level of tecninical competency in all project resources. Focussed on Cloud based systems through Azure.
Microsoft has very good employee benefits
Work life balance is best here. Have the choice to work on focus area. Not so political in decisions.
Good benefits, you learn a lot, good coworkers, interesting challenges, respectful and cery enjoyable environment.
Stable and pays well. You can have huge impact on the world. Benefits are nice. Stock is up. Did I mention stable
Established company, great products and a great customer base, good benefits although they have declined over the past few years
Good benefits, good salary, flexible work time
End to end ownership is always available
great company to work for
People, benefits, overall interesting work.
Benefits, Flexibility, Perks, Insurance, Food
Good Benefits, Starting get more hardware products.
good learning environment at all levels
The good thing in Microsoft is that you can always find some group to work on things that you're interested in. Front end, back end, services, client side, mobile, operating systems, compilers, etc. You name it. Changing groups inside Microsoft is relatively easy if your performance is not too bad. The base pay is OK and benefits are pretty good.
Not much stress, work-life balance is great, it depends on who your boss is, but most of the time you are free to doo home office, control your own time, etc...
Had the best benefits and good people to work with
Some of the smartest people I have ever met work at Microsoft. They have a lot of products and services which means a lot of opportunities for the employees.
It waa a ok expericencd
Great pay. Smart people, trying hard to do the right thing, great physical work environment.
- Great Opportunities - Excellent Experience - Knowledgeable People - Broad Range of Fields and Specialities
- Good Environment - Smart People - Lots to do
Great working for a diverse and people focused company. Satya is an amazing leader that has the right vision for Microsoft's next 20 years.
Everyone was smart, helpful, professional, and friendly. Your work contributes and builds on that of others. Your manager encourages you to take breaks and balance your work with downtime. Free drinks, free coffee, decent cafeteria food. The company is currently in an upward trend of gaining respect.
Good pay. Self empowered. Company has a great culture
The people and work-life balance is good, but this depends on your manager.
Good engineers, good work, challenging set of problems to solve, good company benefits
-Depends totally on the managers you work under, if the manager is good then even the workload is fine but if the manager is insecure then you are in hell. -Multicultural & professional Environment
Used to have one of the best benefits and also a company to admire and to work for in Seattle areas
The company is extremely stable long term. It seems like a great place to settle down. Also, Microsoft is so big, you'll find someone doing just about everything in software development. Movement is easy, if you look for it, and you get to work with a lot of great people
Benefits, innovation, community giving, vast global opportunities to learn, grow, and support long term career path. Your career is up to you to manage, not your manager.
There is a great deal of work flexibility, complete the work that you need to complete and the day is done. It does not matter when you come in or not.
As a sales consultant I constantly was in competition with other employees and as a team we work together in order to meet our monthly goal.
More real customer focus, working with the market instead of trying to control it. Expanding to new platforms is going well and gaining momentum, both inside the company and out
Excellent potential for growth. Excellent benefits. People were great to work with
MSFT salary and benefits are on par with high tech companies. Windows 10 OS is promising on PC but not on the handset and tablet.
The campus is fantastic, it has multiple locations and each one has a different feel. Downtown Bellevue has a city vibe (great for lunch, christmas shopping), the main campus(es) have a more classic Microsoft feel. All feature easy access to the supplies you need to work a long day (a positive when you need it). Lots of great legacy to be proud of.
Great pay, great benefits. Management is very supportive of charitable activities.
Great technology, super smart people
Incredible work environment, demanding but rewarding, fast paced and yet very easy to manage, and just an overall great experience despite only working there for a brief period.
Excellent environment. Enlightened, transparent management. Great products. Lots of opportunities to learn and grow.
Benefits, great team, nice offices, good diversity, strong leadership, fair pay and rewards, nice cafeterias, mentoring encouraged, great local schools.
I love the leadership in my division, really respect the smart and down to earth people leading us, and it trickles down to their directs and so the culture is great. I'm constantly challenged and feel well compensated. Satya is doing a great job. Microsoft matches a ton of my charitable donations - love working for a place that is so pro-giving.
- Microsoft - C# - Lots of learning - Awesome developers - Good perks
- Company really invests in you! The quantity and quality of courses available really allows anyone to grow and improve their understanding. - Lots of people who help you succeed! I was lucky to have an amazing mentor and a fantastic manager. - If you get bored with one problem, you can always move on to something else that is equally interesting. Microsoft really offers a wide variety of problems to work on (from games to enterprise software to search to mobile phones to operating systems to ...)
New CEO and direction of the company is giving this company another chance. Benefits are pretty outstanding.
I loved every day I worked there. Awesome experience.
Great benefits and flexible work options (telecommute, work/life balance). I would highly recommend Microsoft as a great place to work.
Structure Every customer is a customer
+ Ability to set own work hours + Casual work environment + Benefits are excellent
Great salary and benefits. flexible, kind of hours. Smart capable people.
Work/life balance is managed well.
Organized, dynamic, large scale, potential for large impact
Get people to work with, always fun and never a dull moment
Great employee benefits, good work life balance, a lot of flexibility to make my own schedule, fun work group
good benefits , good salaries
Overall good work life balance. Free drinks. You will always work with professional and smart people.
Lots of space to invent, contribute and lead.
lots of different teams to work with
great company and benefits great schedules
Good pay and flexible hours.
Great benefits, free to choose what you want to own, no micro managers. Good facilities, get to work on latest technologies.
Technology, Career opportunities, Culture, Work/life balance
have your own office, lot of office buildings, good environment
Great people to work with. Flexibility to manage book of business. The rewards for hard work are there if you can make it through the first 6 to 12 months.
- Good base salary, - Good 401k - Flexible work environment - Great customers - Great place to start your career
Exciting and fun place to work
Fair compensation and one of the best benefits provider in the tech industry. It offers the unique opportunity to work in different groups (from cloud to embedded) without having to change company. Great middle managers. Overall, it's a good place to work at.
Challenging environment where you are surrounded by smart people trying to make the world a better place through technology. Good benefits. Work/life balance is easy to manage.
Amazing benefits! It truly is a great company to work for. You do what is right by your guest, and you are given the ability to make decisions.
At first, the company had great benefits and average pay.
All around brilliant people in Microsoft helped me to grow fast everyday. Charlotte is also a great a place to live with relatively low living cost.
Nice company to work with
Smart people, excellent benefits and compensation
Very dynamic work environment, fast-paced, work autonomously, great pay and benefits.
Fun place People are very energetic and smart. I would highly recommend Microsoft.
Benefits and diversity of job opportunities
Salary, benefits and flexibility and culture
great employee benefits,challenging work,good location to work.Growing company, lots of users, high impact work, love my coworkers. It's a product that is changing the world.
A great company to work with.
Unlimited resources. Huge scale. Super smart people. Tons of interesting projects. Whatever you want to work on, you have access to experts in the field. It looks great on a resume. The stock is finally moving after flatlining under Ballmer.
There are some very smart people and some of them can be great coworkers. Where the company is committed, there are great resources brought to bear. It still is a place where great things can happen.
You work, with smart people who care about the work they are doing.
Great technical company to acquire excellent technical sales training. Excellent territory management process.
Empowered to be innovative, disruptive, game changer.
Microsoft stack learning opportunities Allows for needing to be as technical as you want to be
Incredible compensation plan, incl. benefits, flexibility and autonomy in role, ability to move around the company and wear a variety of hats
Flexible work hour. People respect each others.
Great Benefits, Nice people. Microsoft retail loads FTE up with bonus opportunities and even occasional MS products. Where some companies fail is Human Resources, Job Resources, and a communication stream to management, Microsoft does not have these problems.  The Service Advisor role is slightly privileged, people will trust your training and expertise, you may even be invited to travel to special events.
1. Lots of experienced engineers to learn from. 2. Large scale project to contribute to, so one can learn how a large scale project is run 3. Well delineated career path
The work environment and cafeteria are good
good firm to work with
The benefits are fantastic and there are massive amounts of opportunities for upward mobility.
Lots of friendly, helpful co-workers. Microsoft is such a large company that there are opportunities to work on a huge variety of projects, languages and environments. Wonderful work-life balance. Everyone is very understanding if you have to take a few hours off here and there for family or other non-work reasons.
Outstanding career growth, ability to change roles, explore opportunities, pay/compensation and benefits, innovation and team spirit.
job security, world class benefits, plenty of other smart people, plenty of resources, lots of room to grow and park your car (Redmond)
Fun team, relatively relaxed environment. Learn lots, grow a lot, and make connections. Overall I am glad I worked here.
Still having great presence in Enterprise segment.
Great Work Life Balance considering it's retail. Employees are passionate about the product and services. Health insurance is amazing along with other incentives like stay fit reembursment.
I enjoyed Microsoft. However, it has changed greatly since when I joined in 2006. It's still a first-class company but not as much leading-edge any more.
Good benefits. Fun technologies for potential projects
There is little positive to say about my current organization. They have great off-sites. If senior management likes you, life is good. If they don't, not so much..
Most products at Microsoft are impactful at one way or the other. There are very few "small" products. Work you do matters. Individual Contributors (ICs) are generally fun to work with.
MS pays great - lots of extras that affect the total compensation.
Great team and direction
Great benefits. Pay is pretty competitive.
- Smart people - Cutting edge tech - Great salary - Awesome benefits
great benefits, competitive pay, good work/life balance, innovative products and services
work life balance is good
Great company recovering from slow days. Lots of new initiatives. Attracting lots of talents from schools and research institute.
You're never bored You'll have plenty to do You can always wait six months if you're unhappy, because it will change.
If you land into the right group the project will be really interesting and impressive
Still good bennies and depending on where you land organizationally, you could be super happy with a steady gig.
culture, diversity, working from home, career opportunities.
You are free to propose and create. This company moves fast. Change is the only constant. Be prepared to be challenged to the limit.
Big brand, big company with not bad benefits and high professionals around. Last couple of years were all about changes and company getting rid of many old problems.
Benefits are amazing. Feel like 2015 Microsoft is rapidly changing and can lead to good things in the workplace.
Large, well established company with great culture.
Great company, Great benefits, good flexibility..
Interesting work. Redmond/Seattle is nice. Some innovative things being designed right now.
Good and enjoyable work. People are generally nice. Good work culture.
Good to have a taste of what a professional working environment is like. Great to ramp up your skill in software development.
- Flexibility of working from home - Work/life balance good. - Good Brand name - Lots of smart people.
- Salary - Benefits - Connector shuttle
Engineering, Benefits, Assets, # of Businesses
Great and talented, people, great benefits,
Excellent Company generally pays higher, flexible at a very fast past environment.
A good place to work, I dont really know about the cons. Probably no to very little cons, very good place to work.
Smart people to work with and learn from, lots of opportunities in different parts of the company
Awesome benefits, relaxed environment, fun co workers, and a lot of resume boosting opportunities.
Great place to work. Always given challenging work. Given great opportunities to move forward your career
If you want to go up the ladder fast, you can do it. Provided you select the right team with the right people beforehand
Good for young people who does not have a family to support.
Knowledgeable coworkers, lots of opportunities
Good pay. Good benefits. Exciting problems to solve.you get to work with smart people. You love in the edge of new technology.
You get to know how to scale the business across the globe & also with Partners
It is possible to get a good salary and do nothing, if your friends with the LT Seattle area Some amazing individual contributors (who never rise to management) opportunity to make large impactful changes.
Benefits are progressive, with a focus on wellness and preventative care. Lots of family oriented assistance as well. Team members are smart and collaborative.
Great benefits and great people
Awesome company to work for. Company with great talent.
Good benefits, health insurance, 401k, ESPP. Full tech stack, large campus. good work life balance. Microsoft is getting back.
Microsoft is a great company. When functioning at its best, you will absolutely have access to resources and to challenges that are unparalleled in the industry.
Microsoft is located in a beautiful place, is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Redmond, Washington. Most benefit are covered.
Great benefits , work environment and flexible working time
Good integration of consultants and FTEs, well standardized processes, good communication channels, clear project objectives, relatively few levels of management for a large Fortune 500 company, fairly self-directed and flexible work
Good compensation plan, very smart people.
You're working for an established ocmpany
Good team and people to work, overall company takes care of employees.
Professional environment, everything is process driven.
Excellent immigration department. Very good (used to be excellent) health care plan. Good benefits and decent salary.
Smart people working on products used by millions
Great MSFT salary and benefits, great office hardware that is refreshed often, good vacation time, stock awards, ESPP.
Good pay, bonus structure, flexibility, the MACh development program and the hires and that is about it. I really have nothing else to say that was positive
There are worse places to work, and also better places. The coworkers are friendly and pleasant. The job is interesting but the work always seemed underappreciated
There are worse places to work, and also better places. The coworkers are friendly and pleasant. The job is interesting but the work always seemed underappreciated
Outstanding Cadillac benefit plans. Stock ownership for all employees from day one. Great earnings potential. Fantastic facilities with 5 star dining and free vending machines in break rooms. Very professional atmosphere with high quality coworkers.
Good for someone who wants to work all the time. Good free water and coffee.
work and life balance. best manager ever met.
Very competitive company to work for which has forced me to become better than I thought I could ever be. Great place to learn, grow, and potentially change the world.
Great pay, benefits, opportunity to work on great products, talented colleagues, and exposure to new technologies. Overall, a great company and place to work.
nice work, really fun thing
Family, fun, transparency , unique, lovely peace love world desire hard work
Big impact, smart people and sometimes cool projects.
great pay, great work-life balance and benefits, a lot of flexibility in marketing to try new roles, and there are plenty of programs to take advantage of
Work on really interesting things at such a large scale that you will not find anywhere else.
Great benefits Truly collaborative culture, not a dog-eats-dog world found in (mostly) other tech companies Razor focused strategy and execution from the leadership level Microsoft is cool again!! seattle is a great place to live
good projects, able to move around
Good benefits and decent work/life balance.
good company with best salary
Wide portfolio to move around the company and work on awesome products if you ever get bored.
Great people and opportunity to learn a lot, opportunity to truly be an expert in your space.
Lots of scope to create products used by large numbers of folks worldwide, in capable teams with great environment and benefits.
I really enjoyed my 7 years at Microsoft, during which I held a variety of roles in the online space.
Great opportunity to learn and network. You will have Microsoft on your resume in high school which is unheard of. It will allow you to get tons of internships your freshman and sophomore year in college which is very difficult.
Well respected in the industry.
Brand recognition and hi energy backstabbing people here that is last man standing with constant navigation of who can get closer to the boss. Big time opportunity for brown nosing and deceits. No integrity needed if you make your numbers
Big challenges Huge potential impact Good compensation Good benefits
Culture intentions were good (initially). Good health/medical/vision benefits, employee stock discount. Great perks like free employee phones, low end Surface RT, affiliation benefits like discounted dealer lines for phone companies for about $30 unlimited everything. Sometimes we get free food and massages for Black Fridays.
Innovative, thought-leader CEO, focused and inspirational mission
Surrounded by intelligent and passionate people.
Excellent company o work with. Excellent performance can be achieved driven by the tools and highly skilled personel
Opportunity to try new things
Great pay and benefits. People are highly intelligent and a great environment to work in.
great place to work well defined milestones
working with talented people on programs & projects that impact daily work.
MS still attracts plenty of smart people and offers great benefits (even if the platinum health insurance has been downgraded). As the company matures, there's more work/life balance - in some groups. MS is also far more charitable than Amazon - matches employee donations and hours, allows for payroll deductions, and has a day when the entire company volunteers.
- Plenty of opportunities for personal growth - Good salary and benefits - Good work-life balance - High-impact work
Fun and bodacious, although not great or bad. But mostly good and not too bad.
Does great things for the community Nice benefits Good pay
Great benefits Fun work environment
Very good pay and benefits, ample budgets, lots of agency and internal resources
great company to work for. respected
Good pay, Great team, Good upward mobility.
Very nice offices and work environment. People are reasonable and intelligent. Cafeterias are good prices and healthy.
Very nice offices and work environment. People are reasonable and intelligent. Cafeterias are good prices and healthy.
You can see the world change from what you do here. Awesome benefits and incredible salary. Very, very bright people and leaders in your field are your coworkers.
The campus is beautiful. People are not packed I liked working in an office with only one other person. I liked the flexible hours.
Large scale problems, very smart people to work with.
Great job and responsibility for good area
Culture Perks Location People Products Campus
Excellent conditions and benefits: - office space and resources - great salary - satisfaction of working on products with high impact
strong organization with plenty of opportunity for growth. Encourages networking and advancement. Pay and benefits are very competitive with the industry.
Freedom to try new things and fail if necessary. High expectations mean that you'll continually grow and expand your skill set.
Great work culture with a lot of flexible benefits, World known brand, Superb IT and work interface, Good Salary, Ethical and transparent work environment
Nice buildings Green campus Decent food Still a few good perks Everyone comes in late and goes home early
I have joined as a L59 and left an L61. Big PROS are: - (if you're lucky) having a good manager who can guide you up the career ladder and broaden your horizons - smart-ass people. You CAN learn every day, if you want to learn. - good compensation benefits (until idiots who dialed 911 just for a simple scratch forced MS into introducing co-payments for benefits).
Great company culture. People are nice.
Better than average benefits and great pay. If you can last in the fast paced environment, overloaded with work, n-1 staffing approach etc. you can thrive at this company. My advice is to work there for a few years then move on to a company that will really value you.
Great people culture Great products Strong orientation towards partners and customers Very strong strategic direction and fast communication and execution of changes Lots of focus in helping the community
Decent benefits (once the deductible is met, very good benefits), opportunity to explore many areas, interesting work if you like the industry
Working with cutting edge products and a super engaged team. I probably never had more fun working with a team than the one I reported to here.
Good pay and benefits, though they have chipped away at the health care. Huge company, so you have mobility options. Lots of smart people around to learn from. Plenty of training options. There are still some very good people there, but many have left.
Benefits, Pay, Resources, involvement in variety of technologies
Benefits were very good salary was very competitive and supported a great lifestyle location is absolutely gorgeous - Western Washington is a gem in the United States Projects were continually challenging
Company is on a great trajectory under Satya's leadership.
Excellent conditions and benefits: - office space and resources - great salary - satisfaction of working on products with high impact
Nice buildings Green campus Decent food Still a few good perks Everyone comes in late and goes home early
the people - everyone is super nice and helpful, the pay - very competitive with all the benefits and Seattle cost of living vs California, the scale - the reach of all the products
smart people, benefits, CEO, company is changign for the future.
Benefits and flexible work schedule.
Ocean of technology, good to learn and work.
Learn new technologies Good benefits Friendly environment to work
You get a chance to make a difference and work on high impact products. You get to work and learn with lot of smart people. Good pay and benefits.
I love this place because me and my friends always work on project and it's just so fun to hear hat my boss has given me a raise man it's so fun chatting with clients and and emailing the
Great Benefits. Pay well. Lots of learning opportunities. Good if you are in Redmond.
Microsoft is good company to work for, good benefits and good co-worker around you.
Collaboration, technology, fast paced, innovative.
Great benefits and compensation. Highly motivated and intellectual co workers.
Great benefits, flexible hours, experienced team, interesting semiconductor chip & systems projects.
There are some really great engineers you can work with. Contradictory to many beliefs, I still think Microsoft has above average engineers. The question is how they can be utilized better in a system that did not have good management.
- A renewed sense of purpose under new management - Great benefits - Working with very smart people on products that impact billions worldwide
Benefits, culture, work and life balance
Salary, Benefits, Challenging, Office spaces, Flexible hours.
- Access to the entire technology landscape - Smart people - Great benefits - Reasonable pay, especially for Seattle area
Excellent pay and benefits Incredibly smart and helpful people
- Good career development plan
An enormous body of institutional knowledge, benefits that, while maybe not the gold-plated Cadillac that they were 10 years ago, are still top-notch, recent much-ballyhooed "cultural changes" are really happening, at least in some groups.
Microsoft is a great company. Nice compensation and benefits. A fair amount of focus is paid to work-life balance and how people feel about their jobs. My manager allows me a lot of autonomy to do my best work and my job is extremely flexible.
get paid better than most mall employees
People who work are excellent, which gives various opportunities to grow professional skill.
Large company with room to move around within organizations
Good benefits, flexible timing to work, few hardcore geeks here and there who are loyal to core making things moving in right direction.
Great company to work Work is challenging and rewarding Good career oppurtunities
With flexible working hours I like the good work-life balance here in MS. Also, the campus is beautiful. Although the food is not as good as it in Google, still a good choice.
Good quality of life benefits
Easy to work with!! No micro-managing
Smart people, exciting direction for the company
Huge reach for anything you do. Lots of smart people. Lots of cultures to work with.
challenging things to do. flexibility. fair pay and good benefits. career opportunities for the right job functions.
Great set of experienced people with a lot of depth. Breadth of work across all aspects of CS and ability to move across.
Microsoft provides a flexible working environment and encourages work/life balance.
Every day I'm energized coming to work! Been here 10+ years and love it
Microsoft is FILLED with amazing minds. Contribution matches and access to software are pretty sweet.
Nice environment, health cautious, good wlb
- A very stimulating experience for learning and growing - As an established company, they have a way to bring people to a certain level which is valuable to novices to the industry - Their standard is high, when you manage that, it typically makes you confident for other opportunities in younger companies, or comfortable to grow with the company - The company seems to experience some positive changes heading sound directions
Benefits are par with tech industry, regular cafeteria benefits.
- Depending on the team, you can get a great work-life balance. . If you find a good manager in an area that you like to work on, it is a very low stress environment. - You will get good resources, unlike in startups, or medium-size companies. The company does have resources, and if you land in the lucky areas in which it is investing heavily, no expense will be spared. - Total compensation package is still good. You can definitely get more money at some other competitors, but rarely a total compensation package that is guaranteed. Don’t be fooled by that lucky guy who left at the right time many years ago: for each of those, there are dozens of others who left and are back at Microsoft after burning their savings.
Customer impact is generally quite high, no doubt that your efforts will have an impact on real customers. Excellent benefits.
Smart people, fast pace, brutal meritocracy.
Challenging and I like that a lot
As a contractor you're not expected to do anything difficult.
comfortable salary and benefits generally plenty of resources to bring on extra help global, well-known company
Great opportunity Great compensation Treats employees well and their families
- decent pay - solid benefits - flexible work schedule
Lots of opportunities, smart people, good work life balance.
it still leader in some area
Excellent compensation and lots of responsibility early on. Environment is friendly and respectful. Flexibility to shift hours or work from home when necessary.
They try to make the workplace anything special
Free Drinks, mostly coke products Loose Hours, I can come in as late as 10:30 and nobody bats an eye as long as I get my crap done. Simple Job, I make powerpoint presentations on features that I want added to the product and talk to customers to confirm what I want to build will solve their problems.
I love the people I work with on my immediate team, and I love my management chain 2 levels up. Our benefits package keeps shrinking, but is still pretty good. I love the flexibility in my work schedule. I think most of this has to do with the team that I'm on, not all my peers have it as good as I do
Work -life balance Work on innovative products and services Great benefits : HSA , Maternity/Disability leave ,Child support, tution assistance etc
- Benefits, good health insurance, Connector buses - MS Library, access to books, online books, courses, reference materials
Good Money, Smart People, Travel the world
smart people, opportunity, can be stable
Strong product, Excellent talent
Great products and services and awesome people. Exciting environment for a technologist, always something new. Breadth of products and services creates interesting opportunities for a resourceful individual to close deals. Compensation and benefits are second to none. Lots of opportunities for recognition. The senior leaderships is taking bold steps to reinvent the company, which is to be greatly applauded. Highly recommended place to work.
Generous environment, work-life balance, highly intelligent co-workers, interesting projects, a new senior management team has made it a cool place to work again
Great place to work. Flexible hours and collaborative teams.
I really miss Microsoft. It was a great company. It wasn't without it's own set of problems, but overall it was a great place to work. The people were generally dedicated and for the most part people there cared about others.
As an ATS I get to be in a position to lead sales efforts over multiple years with assigned accounts. This allows me to be strategic and build great rapport and relationships with my accounts key stakeholders. I'm less motivated by whatever is happening this quarter because my eyes are on a future state. Great job to be technical, consultative, business acumen is a must, and your ability to lead/collaborate with the account manager. I love it!
Pay is good, benefits are good.
Good pay, great benefits, fun atmosphere if you're not in a professional role
Some very Interesting proprietary technology, great coworkers.
Good Engineering practices. Driven people. `
Good benefits. Good work-life balance
Flexibility and work from home are by far the best pro on Microsoft and so far the only reason to stay.
Great benefits for all employees
Great benefits Tuition reimbursement Fun place Sometimes free food
- Competitive base pay - Good bonus and stock for higher levels (Senior band and above) - Excellent benefits - probably close to the best around - Product organizations are highly respected and easy to move around - Product organization are interested in your career and will help you succeed and treat failure as a learning experience (just don't keep failing) - Work-Life balance is pretty good most of the time (there are some exceptions)
Great Organization at across roads, Interesting Times, changes galore and refocus on Product and Service
Good benefits Opportunity to work with world class researchers (if lucky)
Internal mobility is good. Location and commute options are good
Good benefits. Good salary. Lots of perks and discounts on Microsoft products.
People Where Awesome , everybody was nice.
Work life balance Good baseline benefits(Pay, health and vacation)
still a great company, solid but innovative.
Good work life balance depending on the team you are in. Microsoft is getting rid of most of the hierarchy in management and streamlining which is helping.
Job stability, fairly predictable situation
Great people and amazing products/services that you can get behind
Company is improving from the Steve ballmer days. Things feel more positive than they have in many years. New apps and other products are on the way...
Good benefits, strong leadership, great work/life balance
Interesting and challenging problems to solve. Lots of highly motivated and competent coworkers
Microsoft has its strengths as a good place to work if you can handle the pain of indecision and seemingly constant and rudderless change of direction. Good benefits and generally good pay.
access to great training, opportunity to reach many smart people
Fantastic place to work out of college. Great benefits, superb work life balance, lots of career advancement opportunities
Treats people with respect and is a great company to work for.
Really great colleagues, important work that requires you to work hard, and you will be recognized for the effort you put in.
Great benefits, good work environment
Microsoft has excellent benefits, far beyond the substantial salary they provide, along with largely supporting excellent causes.
Smart people to work with. Nice facilities.
Tons of energy Leading edge of cloud transformation Challenging situation Lots of customer variety
Microsoft is a good company to work for. Very socially responsible. Benefits has reduced over the years, however, they are still comparable to the industry. Recent CEO change has been perceived positive by employee which is a good thing.
Relaxed sales environment Great training process Many opportunities Great Benefits Work isn't repetitive Different approach to retail Co-workers seemed friendly
Good salary Understand how to ship big enterprise scale products
Good work/life balance Nice, smart people There are many teams you can transfer if you want to learn new things. Huge user base for products Nice campus.
Good benefits and work life balance
The company provides good technologies that help organization improve productivity and collaboration.
Smart people, interesting work. Historically great.
Benefits, use of latest technology, comfortable office space, matching gift program
Excellent perks and benefits. Very good communities for all cultures. Nice sense in changing the world via personal efforts in the team.
Good pay. Many perks,
Good salary Understand how to ship big enterprise scale products
Brand name, lot of teams/technologies, flexible to switch between teams, reasonable benefits
Amazing company with amazing benefits
Great opportunities to move around and grow.
* Good work life balance * Good work culture
Great benefits, can now move around to find the right team *as long as you don't have bad reviews*. Huge resources and can work on projects that ship to the world.
Good person in new CEO in Satya Good benefits Job security (... mostly) Reasonable work-life balance (depending of the team / project and your ability to work smart) Reasonable mix of talents with people to learn from Good company for your 2nd job in your career if you can get in. Ok-company for graduates at the cost of been brain-washed, you will need time to re-learn reality when you get out of the Microsoft bubble. Bad company late in your career - recruiters do not value your industry experience, internal idiosyncrasy of senior review will take you time to learn and get used to if at all, expect 80% politics and 20% real work.
Employee Benefits. Peer to Peer relationships. Networking Possibilities.
It provides great benefits. Still one of the most innovative companies in the world. Work with many smart people around you.
Microsoft is a fantastic company. Entrepreneurial and lot of opportunity
Access to latest technology Great people to work with Nice environment
I am wanting to start a full time Network Engineering career.
Having a good manager is very important, meaning someone who leads technically while also supporting you to take on challenges. Working with very smart people is a plus. If you don't like the current org structure, just wait 6 months, it will change.
Great place to work. Too many interns.
Until now, only the name of the company on your resume
Money was good and didn't have to work too much
-Very technical -Needs quick and deep understanding of the various components in the pipeline -competition is fierce, so is personal development
amazing team work, learn a lot
Strong enterprise presence and finally moving into cloud.
1. compensation is relatively good 2. work-life balance 3. private office
Health benefits, opportunities within the company, work/life balance
Used to be one of the best, but now no pro for the company.
Foundation - Microsoft is a great place to learn and to explore. Sure, the first year of employment, you'll be trying to figure out our process around planning, developing, testing, code reviews, checking in code, opening bugs, tracking bugs to builds, build process, talking to others in a 'diplomatic' manner but you'll learn how software is delivered and be able to articulate it. Microsoft is good at formalizing workflows which is good if you've never worked with a large team. You'll think of things from security, efficiency, even variable and method names (for public APIs), they have a team dedicate to reviewing and teaching you.  Structure - If you're a fan of process and structure, there's a lot. Some people hate it, but if you ask "why?" instead of complain, you'll often see a reason and if not, you can always find ways to improve it.  Movement - Microsoft is huge and work on many things. The benefit of being able to transfer teams to learn new things is amazing. I started working at Microsoft on the front end of some silly application that no longer exists, a year later, I was working on the kernel drivers of their embedded platform.  Security - You'll always be able to pay your bills. There's only ever been one layoff in my 9 years at Microsoft that has shocked me. Benefits are spectacular.  Flexible - as structured as the process goes, managers are always willing to be flexible on hours. It's great for life balance as the demand of life outside of work changes - new parents, family health issues. When my child was born I would be out at 4:30 and work remotely after my kid was in bed.  Every team at Microsoft varies on the structure and culture, something will usually fit you.
Foundation - Microsoft is a great place to learn and to explore. Sure, the first year of employment, you'll be trying to figure out our process around planning, developing, testing, code reviews, checking in code, opening bugs, tracking bugs to builds, build process, talking to others in a 'diplomatic' manner but you'll learn how software is delivered and be able to articulate it. Microsoft is good at formalizing workflows which is good if you've never worked with a large team. You'll think of things from security, efficiency, even variable and method names (for public APIs), they have a team dedicate to reviewing and teaching you.  Structure - If you're a fan of process and structure, there's a lot. Some people hate it, but if you ask "why?" instead of complain, you'll often see a reason and if not, you can always find ways to improve it.  Movement - Microsoft is huge and work on many things. The benefit of being able to transfer teams to learn new things is amazing. I started working at Microsoft on the front end of some silly application that no longer exists, a year later, I was working on the kernel drivers of their embedded platform.  Security - You'll always be able to pay your bills. There's only ever been one layoff in my 9 years at Microsoft that has shocked me. Benefits are spectacular.  Flexible - as structured as the process goes, managers are always willing to be flexible on hours. It's great for life balance as the demand of life outside of work changes - new parents, family health issues. When my child was born I would be out at 4:30 and work remotely after my kid was in bed.  Every team at Microsoft varies on the structure and culture, something will usually fit you.
loved working in the tech space with broad visibility of innovation in the mobile world as well as marketing worlds
Great people to work with.
If you perform, it's a good place.
Great culture, training, teams, compensation, benefits.
Benefits are great and it offers a flexible role working with the forefront of consumer technology. In an always changing environment it keeps things fresh and engaging.
Lots of flexibility to define your role, your contributions. Great resources at your disposal. Benefits are terrific and hard to beat (except infant care leave, which lags in the industry).
It offers decent pay and benefits.
* Individual offices for most people are still the norm though I hear it's eroding fast in some departments * massive company with lots of projects you can work on if you want to move between teams * Though the benefits were reduced thanks to Obamacare, it still has one of the best benefit packages around * Massive, fully-developed Intranet sites where you can do almost anything electronically.
Great salary, lots of benefits e.g. health insurance, promotion opportunities. Work on projects that millions of users will experience, own the product from concept to delivery and learn from data collected.
A job with stable environment.
Flexible, good work environment, respectful
The new Microsoft has opportunities to work on a variety of non-Microsoft technologies, overall leadership is in the right direction. Products are good (Except in mobile space), getting more innovative. Excellent medical benefits, workspace is great.
Ability to work on technologies that have worldwide impact for customers and society. Good employee benefits, despite recent changes
The benefits with the exception of the health insurance are good. The health insurance in the worst in the industry from what used to be the best. Salary is decent
Great environment and place to work
Vast improvements in pace, energy, and expectations since Satya took over
Microsoft offers the company employees a large set of opportunities globally, and focuses on it's people and the company's ability to grow responsibly.
All coming feedback depends on which team/group you are in, this is my experience. - The environment is flexible and not pressing at all you can do whatever you would like to do - The legal helped getting the permanent resident status quickly and easily. - Great benefits and management
Good place, smart people, you get a free surface pro out of the internship
great company to work for. turning the corner for b2b sales his year
Great opportunities for career growth.
Terrific place to work. Very little micro-management. Flexible hours. Good pay. Great benefits. Working with some of the smartest, most passionate people on the planet. Lots of folks with longevity (15+ years) at the company.
focus on technology & product
A lot of flexibility, good pay, cool gadgets to show sudens
Good benefits and really sharp people work there.
Slow pace. Not very demand ing. Get to work on interest ing technology. Decent salary.
Great Food and dance parties
interesting challenges arise daily here
Nice place to work, once you start working as FTE at Microsoft its very hard to leave and work other companies. i love working Microsoft. - Benefits are great - salary is great
Brand recognition and well respected by partners that develop on the platform. Benefits are some of the best in the industry, even with some of the recent changes/cutbacks.
Good Benefits Good Base Great new CEO
Flexibility to dive own work. Decent co-workers.
meetings, pay is ok,
Terrific place to work. Very little micro-management. Flexible hours. Good pay. Great benefits. Working with some of the smartest, most passionate people on the planet. Lots of folks with longevity (15+ years) at the company.
Great benefits package. Depending on the team the work-life balance is on average very good.
A lot of flexibility, good pay, cool gadgets to show sudens
Variety of positions, benefits, services to the employees
Strong name recognition Salary is good
I was working on bleeding edge technology, to experience something completely new was a thrill and made coming into work easy. Surrounded by some of the smartest and talented people I have ever encountered, working with them was a pleasure. The companies focus and goals have improved since joining, I believe their overall outlook is moving in a positive direction.
Great benefits, pretty good pay and great experience.
company with a wide range of products , a lot of opportunities.
Great hourly starting pay, great work environment. flexible work hours, able to move up quickly if interested. Part-time employees get the same benefits as full time employees. AMAZING health care.
Endless opportunity for growth and responsibility, Management team is supportive of risk taking and entrepreneurship. Great compensation and benefits.
Great benefits. Good work life balance.
Good living benefits and work life balance. Good living benefits and work life balance. Good living benefits and work life balance.Good living benefits and work life balance.
Great benefits, smart people. The culture is getting better (more collaborative) under Satya. There's also a lot of opportunity to move around. If you work here, find one or more mentors to help you navigate the waters and prime you for things you may not be aware of, especially in your first year.
Great company to work for, great benefits.
great money and great co workers
Great company to work for
Amazing company, no complaints. Met many amazing people
Great Place to work with Great Future ahead
Awesome benefits, Flexible hours, Work with really smart people which makes for some stimulating conversations. Get to work the newest software.
I love microsoft. It is a great company with a great culture. Yes, it is a big ship , but it is trying to move as fast as possbile.
At Microsoft there are Intelligent people, we also provide highly competitive products and services to customers in commercial and government sectors all over the world. The pay is about as much as you could get for the level of experience required.
Great Work-Life Balance Great Benefits Constantly Evolving and Learning
Great work environment, collaboration and knowledge sharing.
Great brand, solid products, Dominate position in several technologies
Fantastic company that's focused on developing and rewarding top talent. Resources are abundant and aspirations are high, so there's always some interesting work to get involved with.
You get to meet a lot of smart, interesting people who have interesting hobbies and viewpoints, and there is free soda, but that's really a dumb move when it comes to long-term employee health.
You get to meet a lot of smart, interesting people who have interesting hobbies and viewpoints, and there is free soda, but that's really a dumb move when it comes to long-term employee health.
Disclaimer: I realize the experience in Microsoft could be very division/team dependent, specifically I'm writing mostly for Azure and Bing.  1) Microsoft still does great tech., whole company emphasize on tech. and engineering first for the most the time (remember what Ballmer used to say at Microsoft conference). So you can end up with a resume doing cutting edge techs., but how much the industry cares about that when you walk out is dependent.  2) Microsoft is a great place to educate junior people, imo better than most of the "on your own" companies. Your career binds to a tech lead as junior people if he's technically strong (what supposed to be for most of time), you can improve a lot on how to do engineering. As a junior after 2-3 years in Microsoft with a right team you can be technically stronger than Google or Facebook made due to reasons above.  3) Company generally be nice for employees, they don't have good benefits like Facebook does but they do have comparable perks not including free food. For example they have legal insurance and ESPP which I found missing in Google or Facebook. Also they have free drink on quality/variance more or less the same about Google. Also I found their legal team (mostly for international employees) much more supportive/professional in general.  4) Some recent move make me think they are about to find some ways. But in general the moving slow pattern I mentioned below may prevent it from making them happen.
Great engineers and has lot of technology
I really liked the software especially windows and word as well as excel. Now the windows phones are quite impressive as well.
Good wage and benefits. Had an interesting project lately with lots of modern technologies and OSS usage
A lot of practical problems to solve, Learn a lot,
- Innovative in certain areas - Smart and fun people to work with - Work-life balance is what you want it to be
Free drinks, cafeteria and no micro-managing.
Fast paced work environment, culture of dedication to delivering big software with rigorous process. Lots of really smart people to work with.
Easy Work. Easy Life Work Life balance
Lots of opportunity if you want to live in Seattle. There is a lot of opportunity to learn and grow in your career as long as you deliver results.
There are a lot of products to sell
Amazing technology that usually does not make it to the public. Lots of smart people to always challenge you. Entrepreneurship atmosphere. Have an idea? You have the freedom to pursue it.
Opportunity to make changes
Great perks and benefits and smart people.
Great finance intern program for undergrads looking to get into corporate finance.
Good pay, lots of process in place to support employees personally,
Large company, very safe and good if you're older and looking to stay in tech and settle down.
good company with great benefits
Microsoft has been constantly evolving in the 11 years I've been here. But up until now it seemed disjointed. Now we are building great software again. There are some people who just don't get it and seem to hide in the large company and resist change. However I think some of these people will not last the transformation. The culture is really favoring the agile, the entrepreneurial, the team. I like how Satya has started from day 1 with his vision and mission. Some still don't fully listen and internalize what he is saying, sticking rather to old habits. Great people to work with, great leadership, and a vision that will set trends in tech for the next 20 yrs. You can really build a career here.
Good work life balance. Diversified business models.
Great teams of people. There is definitely a lot of people to learn from. Good atmosphere. Some perks in the office, but most importantly....free soda!
Microsoft has a large customer base and is a leader in a number of fields. There are lots of opportunities to make a big impact and the company's direction shift over the last few years are starting to make a real difference.
The health benefits used to be top-notch. Tuition assistance program was great...if you could find the time to take any courses.
- Lots of different areas to work. - A stable job (Microsoft isn't going anywhere soon). - Find the right team and you can have a good work/life balance.
Great insight into the company and it focus Good people to work with
Pay was overall decent and project were generally interesting. Some people were very nice and I had members of my team volunteer to go to HR to protest my treatment by management.
Building products on the frontier of consumer electronics and software industry. Company treats its employees well and I feel respected. Company has a lot of resources and is willing to invest heavily to be successful in a market. Satya Nadella has been changing company culture for the better, inspiring more innovative thinking and collaboration across teams at all levels.
The people are some of the brightest and creative out there.
Vast areas of technologies to chose from. Good benefits good people. Decent work life balance.
Benefits, learning possibilities, on the job training
lots of opportunity, lots of tech
Flexible work schedule, passionate employees, multi-national company,
Higher than average starting pay rate Pretty decent benefits actually having a cash bonus incentive is really nice very positive atmosphere
Great career guidance and resources. Good ability to move around.
Plenty of employment opportunities within the company. Can easily switch around if needed.
Benefits are good even for part time employees.
Incredible scale, fast paced, smart people to work with, challenging. Great to be exposed to so many areas and able to try so many things in the same company.
Fun Makes you happy to wake up in the morning Grest pay Great benefits So many ways to grow in the company So many ways to grow outside the company
Working for Microsoft was a big highlight of my life, let alone my career. I enjoyed the people, technology and good work! You get to define your career for the most part, and of course play with some of the best technology on the planet.
1. If you love tech, this is a great place. No doubt you'll talk tech (mostly the MSFT stack) from enterprise to consumer - from PCs to phones to Xboxes - from datacenter to desktop.
great place to learn about new technologies
Great pay, competitive compared to industry.
Almost every one that I have met in the company is smart and reasonable. Some of the managers go to great effort to ensure equality during performance measurement which I really admire.
Excellent work life balance. Good Sal.
Application Developer worked on windows phone
Great company with a lot of opportunity.
The org is flattened, less opportunities, more politics. It used to be MS encouraged both staying in one area and becoming and expert, or going broad and enhancing one's skill set. The second path is now very much discouraged. Great place to work if you want to do one thing for the rest of your life, to the exclusion of all else. Very focused on making small incremental changes to the exclusion of doing anything big, new or cutting edge - very risk adverse.
Often you overlook how well Microsoft employees are paid as compared to the whole industry. Great work life balance. But depends on team
Excellent Professional growth for good employees
Big Challenges, Smart people, Dynamic environment, Focus on employee development and opportunity to work on latest and greatest technology.
Awesome medical benefit and work-life balance. open culture, working with smart people.
Was the best company I've ever worked for until the culture changed. Over the past 24 months, there's been a gradual decrease in values that the company stands behind. Anywhere else than this market, I'm sure, is still great. Still had great benefits. Decent pay.
Good Salary and nothing more
Great boss, great pay, great benefits
Good partnerships forming internally as the new leadership takes form. Shift in mindset and culture is allowing people to work cross group to achieve goals
The company provides lots of opportunities, globally, in different areas: software development, program management, IT, sales & marketing in a very inclusive culture.
- Anyone passionate about technology can spend their entire career with Microsoft. The company is already involved in so many different areas that it's impossible to get bored. - As a whole, the company is always looking for ways to improve. - They place a high value on customer satisfaction. - Their compensation, while not what it once was, is still very competitive, as is their benefits package.
Good Benefits, great health plan.
Challenging roles available. Movement across division with opportunities for varied roles.
Good pay and benefits, interesting problems to solve on most teams, many good people to work with, and since the CEO change it finally feels like we're back on track with modern tech and solid business opportunity.
You can stay at Microsoft as long as you want as long as you are competent and not a jerk. The pay is not terrible. Wide variety of technology to work on, and it's fairly easy to move within the company.
Good compensation and good benefits.
Nice benefits, many products to work on.
good ambient for work and people
extraordinary set of colleagues who are serious about what they do and how they do it. they are consistently professional, dedicated to their profession, and hard workers.
Great pay and benefits, neat technology
some very smart people to work with, doing some high tech work,work-life balance, benefits
Some teams in Microsoft are agile and innovative. Most people I work with are highly intelligent and capable. Benefits are good.
Established culture and great work life balance.
Great compensation, great work-life balance, Super smart people to work with.
Salary and benefits are good.
Benefits Work with diverse group of very bright people Make an impact on millions of users
Location, compensation, benefits, variety of projects and products across the entire company to work on vs moving.
Big, Great Benefits,lots of resources and perks
I experienced great people and management during my time there. Things are never boring. There's always something to do.
Great place to work, good salary and benefits, smart people
Good benefit. Good compensation. Flexible work hours. Good medical benefit.
- great work life balance - smart people, making solid business decision - priorities are more in line with overall corporate philosophy - amazing benefits, worth it just to gain an economic foothold
Amazing company to work for
Smart people, some products have big impact, big ambitions for the future. Compensation is great. If you want to work on something specific, chances are you can find it at the 'soft. Decent transit options to get there (Conncetor private bus at headquarters)
Great benefits, laid bad work environment, private offices. Getting enough resources to get the job done is usually not difficult. You get to work with Microsoft's latest technologies before anyone else does. You get to work on problems at a large scale, which can sometimes mean you have big impact.
- Compensation is amazing. - Lots of up and coming technologies are within hands reach. - Allows you to actually search for your passion.
I like Microsoft that there are so many teams in it.
First and foremost there wasn't an actual dress code. ,) The work environment, depending on the team, was really good. Hallway conversations generating ideas, somewhat laid back but still professional, a lot of smart people but not intimidating.
The job is fairly easy depends on the team you work with. No overtime at all, workload is reasonable.
Great overall compensation package. New company direction is on target and more open. Finally, embracing open source and competitor solutions to make our own products and solutions stronger
Tons of resources,defined career path (growth opportunities), pro-education, advanced technologies, fast paced and dynamic environment (won't have time to get bored), very knowledgeable personnel and the opportunity to work with people from around the world.
Great benefits, good pay, and name recognition.
Innovation, high performance, driven, and lots of really smart people.
Dynamic change, competitive and clear vision from the top. No longer satisfied with what was done in the past that led the company top success
Amazing company to work for
fun environment and a growing field
I was a postdoc at Microsoft Research. If you are looking at an academic career, or an industrial lab research career, MSR is an excellent place to do a postdoc. You have access to the best-in-class researchers in most areas, and there are a lot of visitors every year.
Decent medical benefits and maternity leave. I like that they have paternity leave as well. Plenty of re-orgs to let you meet new people in the company ,)
Highly competitive salary and benefits package. If you're smart and work hard you will quickly advance in terms of position and responsibilities, the company actively tries to find talent and invests in it. Company is modernizing and unifying their vision and infrastructure to create a more focused and streamlined development environment.
The bonuses and team & tech support + Care's of family support.
Lots of smart people, opportunities to move around and stretch and learn new skills. Great salary and benefits (at least at that time period- benefits were going through a significant change when I left) I learned a ton while there.
Worklife balance and health insurance benefits are suitable for single and growing families
Can be a great place to work if you get on the right team. If you get on the wrong team, your career options will be very limited. Satya is trying to eliminate the bloated management structure but there is much resistance from the management ranks.
Can be a great place to work if you get on the right team. If you get on the wrong team, your career options will be very limited. Satya is trying to eliminate the bloated management structure but there is much resistance from the management ranks.
Name and legacy will get you noticed - it's still one of the most profitable companies around so people pay attention. You get to open doors and get invited to events to speak because of where you work.  Benefits and Pay are still top notch compared to a lot of other companies. It may not be Facebook or Google, but it's competitive.  There are almost way too many resources - if you're looking for information or need a product/service, someone can get it for you as long as you can justify it.  Recruiting is top-notch. Bar-none probably the best system of interviewing - it's a great experience for the interviewee and interviewer - which means people tend to be a good fit (at least for the 6 months that your job is the same).  Innovation and excitement in some pockets - there are some really cool things happening with Hololens. Small pockets of innovation within incubation teams are very inspiring.  It really is a giving culture. People volunteer, give money and promote social causes as part of their DNA. It's not just for PR.
People are great, great health benefits (at the time), unlimited learning resources, movement potential, innovative, stable company with great vision & strategy, good salaries
All the coffee, tea, soda, milk, water, and juice you can consume. Cafeterias are a cut above with loads of options reasonably priced. Flexible work hours can be arranged. People are generally very smart.
Great benefits, great location in the Pacific Northwest, "best of the best" technical co-workers
The best things about Microsoft are the smart people and the city of Seattle, if you are smart enough to live there.
Working environment is great. Microsoft provide an office for full time employee.
microsoft was great. i learn a lot.
Salary, Benefits, Flex Time, Commute Options
Great company to start off your career as a college grad. Broad exposure to business and very collaborative environment. Good to build relationships with colleagues who are from diverse background.
Looks good on the res
I loved working at Microsoft in Redmond. Good culture and probably better now with Balmer gone.
Work life balance is good. But it mostly depends on the team you work. Package is average not high not less. Make sure you join the right team all your growth is depend on that.
It was fun digging into a lot of new products and ideas. And quite often you would work with some great people
Good salary and health benefit. A lot of smart people
Good company to work at, enjoyed employees and management staff
Great 20 years. Loved I until the end.
Interesting projects/products and services. Excellent benefits.
Great benefits, competitive salaries, bonuses
Lots of opportunities. Work can be very interesting if choosing the right team (but often interest comes with risk). Lots of learning resources. Good pay, but not as it used to be.
I loved working at Microsoft in Redmond. Good culture and probably better now with Balmer gone.
Nice Buildings, Free Soft Drinks
Huge technology company that focuses on engineering excellence. Possible to move up in an engineering role without changing to management. Competitive salary Huge variety of roles, from customer facing support engineering, to consulting, to internal functions. Very possible to move internally to different divisions or roles.
You'll strengthen your professional experience and earn good money.
Microsoft is a fun and fast paced place to work. There plenty of opportunities for growth and finding a good manager / mentor is key to success here.
smart coworkers, big challenges, ample opportunity, fast paced, high pay, fabulous benefits, physical work space is great with a ton of on-site perks
Culture was fairly good and i enjoyed it quite a lot it was fun to be an employee at microsoft hope that helps
Excellent company culture Work life balance Challenging work
Always ample amount of meaningful work and challenges to take on Wonderful co-workers whom many I consider friends All my previous managers have been supportive of my career development and become mentors and advocates for me after Many opportunities to grow within your profession/role Stable business, definitely moving faster now and more innovative, great benefits
Good Training Good Salary Good Work Culture
good company and comfortable, without question about the medical care, not the best but still ok.
it was pretty cool and amazing
Overall a great place to work. Exciting projects and fast-paced industry make for challenging work and most employees are nice, intelligent and interesting. Very good pay and benefits.
Great compensation package, flexible hours, can move around in the company, intellectual challenges, some level of freedom.
In general, the people are great to work with, intelligent, and passionate about what they do.  The benefits are exceptional from the medical/dental to cafeterias to health options.  The variety of work opportunities is quite nice. There is an area for everyone.
Microsoft is a great place to work. It's filled with smart, hard working people.  You need to have the initiative to push for your ideas to be adopted. The engineering system and organizational changes have stripped away a lot of the bureaucracy and make it easier to make a difference.  If you want to see your ideas turn into products, and they're good ideas, the company will provide the resources to see your idea through.
good benefits for employees. free beverages, nice cafeterias and beautifully maintained landscapes. newly renovated, spacious open work spaces.
Great work ethics that drive success
Huge place, lots of potential
Fun job to have, the hours are retail hours so you can meet a lot of people while learning about the Microsoft culture
Pay, benefits, culture, work life balance
loved the technology and believed in the mission. Smart people very enthused. Drink the punch and intensely competitive sometimes makes the best rise to the top (not always). Huge array of products and services makes an endless list of sales potential. Believed in the leadership and their vision. Beautiful offices in Seattle/Redmond with good benefits.
great people, interesting project, good career development opportunity
none that i can think of
World-class benefits for families, good development opportunities and training. Smart people.
As you would expect, Microsoft is a very interesting and dynamic company. When we joined after the Nokia acquisition, we were very interested in getting to know a little about Microsoft from the inside. Nokia was one of the biggest acquisitions made by Microsoft and that change along with the already significant changes going on removing silos was an interesting thing to observer and try to understand.
Great company with solid benefits. The corporate culture was positive and people all working towards similar goals. Innovative within certain lines of business.
great people, benefits, and pay.
The benefits are good, the culture is good, and the pay is competitive. The Pacific Northwest is a great place to live.
Great environment with very talented people. Benefits and work life balance exceptional. Company turning itself around to invest more in cloud business and take advantage of the its incredible RD investment
Good Work Life balance Breadth of technology Challenging Problems to work on
supportive environment for making something.
Flexibility of location and telecommuting
Great brand to add to your resume
Great gig if you don't have a degree, and if you don't they reimburse your tuition if you pass your classes.
New CEO has a great vision for the company and I am proud of where we are going as a company. The broader market, our customers, partners and competitors see us as becoming a company of innovation. Strong philanthropic culture Smart people
Relatively stable employment, reasonable compensation for local area, relatively smart people, and often very high-quality/hands-on lead-level management.
* Great benefits package options provided by company
Great people working hard to solve difficult problems in important areas Good benefits although the healthcare isn't what it used to be
Good people and benefits. Fun after work activities - like on campus soccer fields.
Great culture, lots of perks, good work-life balance
work/life balance, pay, benefits, company momentum
The people and culture at Microsoft are fantastic!
Great benefits: good health coverage, gym memberships, commute options + bus pass, employee stock purchase plans, 401k, and more. Very good hiring bonus and starting salary for college hire.  Company is moving in good directions under Satya and feels like a modern software company
pay and package is good so far.
- Great, sharp people - Surprisingly great products still, especially back end products - NW is a wonderful place to live
-Still a big company - Good pay - Great benefits - Flexible work hours
I got to work with the smartest people I've ever worked with, on really exciting and interesting projects. There really are some great people that work at MS. Some of the older and more senior engineers especially. It's great to learn from these people. The projects you get to work on really do have huge impact, and you get to see how world class engineers create, ship and maintain large software systems.
Engaged employees with unique talents and a good work life balance. Good benefits with PTO, sick leave, holidays, and retirement options including ESPP
Good health and dental benefits. Great people -- at least in my organization.
A real engineer company, where engineers are treated with full respect and offered with a clear growth path.
office to yourself, flexible schedule
- Salary & Benefits - Stay on top of Company Technology - Change the World through donation and Volunteer programs
Large company with lots of opportunities and different products to work on.
* smart and helpful people surround you  * opportunities to do great work, learn and grow  * software that you build has an impact on billions of people  * you can maintain a healthy work life balance  * a giant that is currently reinventing itself and doing more exiting work
Varies from team to team, Explore the team, requirements and day to day activity thoroughly before accepting any offers. In general, PMs are responsible for driving a project end-to-end, and this requires information gathering, market research, analysis, prototyping, project management, marketing etc.
Work with people and products
Large company to move around in.
great benefits including health benefits. if you are not at a senior level then good work life balance usually.
Work with like minded people, interesting projects, innovative work.
Valuable opportunity to learn and develop skills.
positive changes since Satya became CEO
Flexible working hours, great benefits
Shorter days, relaxed environment and great on the job perks.
Microsoft is large and established. The benefits are pretty good.
you can enjoy you work here, and also can learn many new technologies. you can arrange your working time and location.
Very Very Very Very Good
good salaries, flexible work schedules
Great Work Experience,Ambience, Work from Home.
Good life work balance, stable,
perks and benefits telecommuting flexible hours great people
Flexible work schedule, casual dress, good pay, excellent benefits (health insurance, vacation, sick leave, discounts), training, collegial culture, and great corporate citizenship programs
Excellent pay decent hours fun
Great ppl to work with
It's a stable job. I still feel like it's the best employer in Seattle. Hours are good People knock on Microsoft for not being innovative, but I really disagree
Interesting and varied technology Smart team members Creating products that can be used by millions of people
Lots of teams and groups within the company that work on a diverse set of exciting new technologies from pure client side apps to enterprise grade cloud services, from pure software stacks to hardware and devices.
Amazing Benefits - even for part-time staff. Fun to play with latest tech like XBOX as part of your job.
I spent 18 years of my life at Microsoft. I helped SQL Server, from a PC database one of the world's most successful software products. There are few other companies where you can have your work impact so many people and businesses. I also felt like the quality of employees that Microsoft attracts is very high.
- New changes are good. Company seems to be moving in good direction. - Atleast they have managed to get good press - Great benefits
Great atmosphere and culture Leadership is responsive and making good decisions Managers encourage growth Benefits are top notch
Excelent work environment, good benefits package, if you love technology you will love this work enviornment
Internal process Teams Career development Travel Compensation
great benefits, lots of internal resources, smart employees, lots of charitable work
Great company. Great benefits.
Roles are shifting as the company strategy shifts towards cloud first.
Things are changing. 'Lost decade' seems to be in the past. No more buckets. Free internal transitions. There are even Linux machines in Microsoft! Benefits are said to be not perfect as before but still good, very good.
It's a very large company with a lot of very driven people. It's easy to get lost here, but for the right person it's a good place to work.
Get to work with new technology and contribute to products that will be used world-wide. Lots of smart people to collaborate with.
Company has great benefits. Even though they trimmed lots of it 2 years back. Salary is at par or more considering you don't pay state tax in WA. You get to save way more than bay area.
Company has great benefits. Even though they trimmed lots of it 2 years back. Salary is at par or more considering you don't pay state tax in WA. You get to save way more than bay area.
Good pay, bennies and some good people. New CEO trying to turn around an aging ship and he has energy and is not old and is technical
This was my favorite job. I enjoyed working here. One of my best experiences.
It is the best technology company in the world! The people are outstanding and the benefits are great.
Innovation, product-oriented, exciting, always changing
Overall a great company to work for. Many, many opportunities to do great work and to collaborate with very smart people.
good work life benefit and nice perks, company is transitioning to faster pace and open source culture
I've encountered mostly just people with a good attitude. Everyone is really trying to make a good job and are open to new ideas.
Great resources, team, and management. Lots of flexibility in how you get your work done.
Wonderful colleagues, great customers, supportive management.
Treats employees very well. Lots of opportunities to learn and grow if you like where the company is heading.
Get to see things work at large scale. Job stability and decently good pay.
Dynamic, Positive Community Outreach, Smart people
It is a great organization to work for.
Work life balance and quality of people
Smart People, Hard Working, People work together well
Best benefits, complete flexibility, all the best tools. World renowned company and prestige. Really shaping the market in an enormous way. AND if you do very well, you will be treated like a king.
smart people, amazing markets, global impact. you can work in almost any segment within tech industry and any audience without leaving the same company
Good people to work with.
Loved it! Smart people. Strong culture. Strong values. Strong community outreach.
Great impact, you work in one of the top tech companies. You learn a lot everyday. Good benefits, health insurance, etc.
Individual office, casual dress (I wear jeans and sneakers). Great time off - 3 weeks of vacation for new employees plus two weeks of sick time and two floating holidays, along with paid holidays off.
Good salaries, some good people
Large company with many international career opportunities
Great benefits and work life balance
Innovative company with a great brand
everything best in microsoft
Collage campus like feel. The new review model is very positive and rewards working well with others. Cool tech, cool work environment. Seattle area is the best place in the world to live.
Super well paying jobs with great benefits, better than most other companies out there. If you are social, well-liked among the upper management, and can play company politics well, you will be successful here. Best advice is not to advance too quickly, and be mediocre, and you will have a great home life as well. If you give too much and people start expecting too much of you, you will get taken and left out to dry.  Other than NY Metro, mid-level career progression is actually quite good, and you can build a name for yourself amongst the technical side of the business.
Smart people, good products, resources.
Outstanding Company, vibrant, energetic, intelligent workforce making contributions to almost all sectors of economy
Great vision, technology resources and global footprint
Every org at Microsoft is different, so this is specifically for Lync (Skype for Business) - A lot of smart, talented and experienced engineers whom I learned a lot from - In general, managers had been promoted from within org and were very knowledgeable and passionate about the product - Get to work on very interesting, deep challenges and learn a lot about how to make large scalable services serving millions of users - For the most part, there weren't too many tight deadlines or pressure to work an exorbitant number of hours - A good amount of freedom - teams were generally left to make a lot of their own technical decisions without much micromanaging from upper management. At least for my team, the leads were always up for a discussion on the best way to do things. - Catered breakfast! Everyday!
Microsoft has been around for many years and it produced many great products. A lot of smart people are there. Very broad technical scope.
Innumerable perks and opportunities for growth and advancement if you want it. Hard work and good attitude is generally rewarded. Each group is different and lead by individual personalities that may create more challenges. The company culture as a whole though, is supportive and nurturing. I have learned a lot from very smart and genuine people during my time here.
People were great. Leadership lacked focus at times. Better now
The people are really good.
+ Salary and Benefits + Cool Technology + Incredibly Intelligent People + Passionate about Technology + Philanthropic Focus
It is a large company with unlimited opportunities and learning.
Nice people to work with fun culture.
great work environment and very ethical
Strong software engineering practices Fairly easy to move between groups Much improved review system Good salary/benefits
Great company with a lot of potential. The new CEO is turning things around.
-Great benefits -Creative atmosphere -Super smart people -Connector buses -Incredible learning opportunities & environment -Great opportunity to try new things
Great benefits. Can be around some really smart people.
Competitive pay, amazing benefits, challenging, supported, incredible work life balance
Great Benefits Exec Pkg amenities are amazing
There are lots of smart, passionate people working for the company. You have the opportunity to learn something new every day and have your work benefit people around the world. An upside to being a big company is that there are lots of opportunities to do lots of different things.
Job Security, Salary, talented peers and amazing programmers and artists
Some of the smartest technical people in the industry works here. The overall package is above industry average. Access to Microsoft products and services before they are released. Interesting scalability opportunities.
Experience, Great coworkers, benefits, management
Great pay, benefits, super interesting challenges.
Constant learning and keeping current on leading edge tech.
Challenging environment with lots of smart people. Compensation package was decent. Diverse culture that encouraged a respectful atmosphere. Allowed telecommuting with flexible work hours. Lots of opportunity to move around and try new things.
My team was a part of an org where we operated like a startup, from concept to obtaining funding to executing our capability.
great work life balance, good benefits
I can pretty much pick whatever I want to do and learn about technology, business, etc.
Get deep in the techology
Laid back work culture in some workgroups
Good benefits, mostly stable despite recent layoffs.
Really good work-life balance compared to other tech companies of the same caliber
Microsoft has a stimulating work environment. The constant challenge and the impact of your work on millions of user make it totally worth it. Free drinks and snacks..
- Industry leading compensation package & benefits - Work on cutting edge technologies - Smart and adventurous people - Employees are encouraged to grow within the company - Increasingly embrace flexible workplace initiatives
Great Benefits. Microsoft really gives its employees the ability to succeed, be healthy, and help the world. Also lots of great career path opportunities if you're willing to move to the west coast. Full of smart people that are all willing to help out and try the companies "dogfood" as they call it. Everybody seems to want to always try new software and technologies and really win in everything they do.
Best company to work for
Great pay. Great Coworkers. Different work everyday
Opportunities for your career are boundless. Whether you want to be an individual contributor or manager, there is upward trajectory.
stable, beautiful campus, great facilities. fairly good benefit.
Awesome work environment Very smart people Finally got Ballmer out
Competitive pay, great bonus, stock options, management pushes to see you excel
Smart people, awesome work environment
There are a lot of smart people and a lot of them are friendly and want to help.
Microsoft people are incredibly bright. They are certainly above average when compared to most companies (that are not tech companies). When working on a good team, you will find that your work product excels and exceeds what you could accomplish alone.  Also, as Microsoft is an incredibly large organization, it can offer lots of possibilities -- different careers, products, geographies, and experiences. This is almost unparalleled even in other large multi nationals. At worst, you will be exposed to people from all over the world with different viewpoints and priorities and this is always a good thing.
Great work environment and great people
Great place to learn if you are young and hungry for experience! Pay and perks are above national average. Incredibly smart people work at Microsoft!
can't think of much right now need to put in 5 words
Great opportunities. Innovation. Large company with tons of money, willing to do new things. Great Engineering staff. Friendly people. Willing to help each other
Good diversity of work, good benefits
Great company to work for. Incredible opportunities for personal growth. Excellent access to learning resources. Best medical and dental plan in the industry. Early access to new technologies.
- Good brand, family and people outside like it
You're "in the club" with top compensation for often interesting work. You work with very smart, focused and committed people. A lot of the little "perks" really add up - things like paid contributions to Health Savings Accounts, health club memberships, on-campus doctors offices...
Good benefits Good work-life balance Many choices within company
Work-life balance, people and location
Freedom to work wherever, whenever. Amazing design studios.
Competitive salary, flexible work environment, working with top tier people.
Great company overall with lots of technical knowledge to learn.
The free pop is awesome.
for the self-aware, there are many career development opportunities. you learn a ton of soft-skills given the pace, growth and diversity fostered in the teams.
great company if you find the right proactive and energized sales support team who care about their customers - there are plenty of them out there, and a depth of experience and knowledge which is amazing..
Amazing place to work, work with best and brightest on important projects, strong level of ownership and responsibilities, very motivating work and opportunities to make an impact.
a great learning experience, work with helpful and smart people
- Get to work with intelligent people - Good compensation
Good leadership, but you need to go looking for it. Opportunities exist, but you have to earn them and sell yourself. Performance is rewarded, be willing to work hard for it.
Good pay /benefits and reasonable work/life balance (SW business units) No Pros if you are not a good political gamer or a technical accomplishment oriented person (HW business units)
Great benefits, smart people, big challenges and big pay check
Lots of challenges, amazing opportunities, and if you enjoy being diplomatic, you'll go very far. The trick to working at Microsoft is doing what you're told every time and asking for more. If you're able to do that, promotion velocity is high, rewards are strong, and you'll have a relatively stable career.  Some teams are very in line with the startup mindset (looking at you: Bing, Outlook, Exchange, Skype, Xbox, and IoT).  Benefits are decent, prime card is awesome, food is good, people are cool.
Golden Handcuffs were great, but at the end of the day it's not enough
Great Company to work with
Flexible hours and good comp overall.
Great colleagues, products & services. Lots of opportunities for career learning
-Really great learning experience for PM's right out of college (not many companies let new grads define user experience) -Mostly good people (for the most part), both on the engineering, product, and design disciplines -Really cool projects (in some areas of the company)
You are paid well Opportunity to move around
Good benefits, opportunities to learn new technologies
Your work impacts millions of people.
Great engineering company - great platforms to work with Big Data Bing had the smartest people that I have ever worked with - really really smart Bing engineers were excellent, none of that stupid language bigotry, they use whatever gets the job done. Like AWK, Python, Java - use what ever you want as long as production code is MS. Recently the strategic leadership under Nadella is really focused - he is well respected in the company Very good conditions - $800 a year for sport equipment, very flexible for people having babies!
Great pay/benefits - on-site subsidized food (its not free but its still better than 99% of most other companies), health re-payment (give $800/yr to spend on health activities/equipment- I bought new skis), Medical benefits are as close to it gets to perfect, 401k matching at 4% (Nokia was 8% but not bad) Large company with tons of reach so you'll work on exciting projects (Xbox, Hololens, Office, Windows, Surface, to name a few) Lots of opportunity for growth (for entry-level employees) Company tries hard to make work-life fun Level of communication attempts to be high
- Brand value to some extent - Microsoft still commands decent brand value outside, so if you have clocked a good number of years specially as an full time employee, it does have some weight-age.  - Lots of real estate and large office spaces (Redmond City is pretty much built around Microsoft offices) - Compared to other companies cramming their employees on floors, Microsoft has many buildings and most employees get a room by themselves. This is changing though, with many teams moving to open floor plans. If you are in Redmond, the commute is awesome. Your office would be 5-10 minutes from your home.  - Good hiring bar which leads to intellectual peers and team mates - I think this is the best part. A lot of candidates get rejected and the bar is pretty high. Because of this, only the creme makes it into the company.  - Good perks specially the healthcare benefits and stock options you get in every appraisal cycle.
Flexible, GREAT pay, GREAT benefits, company cares about its employees
Salary, perks, smart colleagues. Lots of opportunities to grow. Good work life balance.
Good exposure to executives, good exposure to smart people and access to product groups across the company, good spirit of camaraderie towards one mission.
Amazing opportunities are provided at the company
Great benefits, work/life balance and opportunities
-Enjoyed the work that I was involved in and the close connection of people I worked with on a daily basis. -Great building to work in--lots of light, open space. -Flexible hours/ability to work from home when needed -Opportunity to be involved in projects I was interested in within my department. -Fantastic direct report!
Strong company highly skilled professionals friendly environment good benefits carreer growth and training available work life ballance healthy comprensation fair
Perks were good, good environment, good money. Overall a good place to work and i enjoyed my time there and the experience was invaluable.
You can work with many talented people. It gives opportunities to use latest technologies. It offers good benefits.
Compensation is generous, work-life balance is superb, colleagues are brilliant
excellent salary and compensation. Access to latest technology.
Great benefits (perks, ORCA card, medical coverage, etc). Get to be involved with a lot of bright people and expose to diverse projects.
Great working environment, surrounded with smart and talented people, solving challenging and fun problems. Good for career growth
+ Great brand name + Lots of opportunities for challenging work + Work with latest technology and on leading edge project + Great compensation and benefits package
Good company, excellent work environment, benefits and human relationships.,
Everyone here is smart and works hard. If you can make partner you'll be extremely well compensated.
Lots of opportunity. Good budget. Lots of options for movement
Great work environment. Good opportunities.
- Good Pay - Friendly co-workers - Interesting work - Up an coming company - Fun and exciting atmosphere - The company has constantly evolved and is growing
Great, smart, motivated people! The company is moving in a positive direction, and the operations team is in a great place to implement newer, customer-friendly capabilities
Collegial, friendly, and smart colleagues, excellent benefits, exciting work
Lots of products and areas to work on. Some areas are very interesting e.g. cloud. The rest of MSFT is boring.
Great place to work. Competitive, challenging, solving big problems.
Lot of opportunities inside the company to work on. With products ranging from Azure to Xbox, opportunities are plenty.
Microsoft is a stable company. We are always trying to do more and are fiercly competitive.
excellent technology. Satya is shaking the environment. Dev! Dev!! Dev!!!
-can make a large impact because products are so widely used -large organization offers many people knowledgable in many different areas
Generally, the caliber of people you get to work with is great.
* Amazing set of technical people * Work-life balance easy to maintain * Salary definitely competitive * Satya turning things around, maybe.
Compensation, Benefits, Training, Cutting Edge
Flexible work schedule, good benefits.
Technologies People Environment Culture Review Compensation Competitive
Work environment is great. Great training opportunity. Compensation is good too. Promotion is quicker for hard workers.
You get to work with very smart people on products that may be used by millions of people.
Smart people Great work place and benefits Great work life balance Good pay
Exciting opportunity to work with smart and innovative team mates makes coming to work enjoyable. The open spaces and campuses make it feel like it is truly OneMicrosoft.
Employee compensation and benefits are great. Pool tables and video games are onsite to provide stress breaks. Free drinks and affordable food are also available.
Good company with smart people
Great benefits, flexible work environment
Exciting atmosphere (depending on org)
This company offers Great work life balance with plenty of opportunity of growth in career
1. Good Benefits for new grads with a 100k+ base, sign on stock, and yearly bonuses. 2. Fairly simple promotion route (can be promoted every 1.5 years if you're slightly above average) assuming you're in a growing Organization (Cloud + Enterprise is hiring and growing, so it's more easily get promoted there than in a well established organization like Windows or Office. 3. Work Life Balance is really up to you. I have seen people come in every day and work less than 40 hours a week and still get promoted (albeit at a slower pace than others) 4. Looks good on the resume, and there wont be a shortage of recruiters reaching out to you.
Great benefits and perks offered by the company
Great community Solid pay & benefits If in the right group, awesome team dynamics and people Can influence the market if you put your mind to it and am in the right position
Lot of smart people to work with. Employee perks, insurance etc ... are great. Will get chance to work on state-of-the art products released to the market.
- autonomy in the job -- you are encouraged to do your best work - global impact -- what you do impacts hundreds of millions of people - the work environment is top notch (cafes, facilities, location)
Smart people, great products and multiple opportunities
opportunities impact in people life programs to grow as a professional
Company is rapidly evolving towards a cloud and productivity focused world. Extremely exciting and challenging problems await.
Great benefits and smart people
Tons of scheduling flexibility, high profile projects, smart people
good work culture, gets lot of opportunities to grow, good place to grow your career
I learned a lot and the products are terrific.
salary, benefits, perks like healthy and diverse cafeteria and company store where you have a big allowance for buying software and some hardware, clean pretty campus, good transportation options such as buses, vans, and carpools. Many smart, competent, and cooperative co-workers
Surrounded by intelligent and motivated people.
You experience the ability to expand your personal as well as professional growth, in a world not where employers are task based.
Great company to work, great salary with good perks. You are going to learn a lot if don't have much experience.
Good benefit and good salary. People are smart.
Great scope, intelligent people, awesome products in productivity, gaming and developer markets.
Great stability and benefits so it's a "safe" place to be an employee. The breadth of products and services allows employees the opportunity to be familiar with many different areas of the influence.
great benefits, diverse, compensation, perks
Lots of learning opportunities inside de company
A big emphasis on investing in people. If you're a winner, you'll keep winning. All you need to rise to the top is keep being in the top performer pool. Then, it's easier to succeed because you have more visibility and you get first pick of projects. A lot of money. Microsoft has the cash to fund your bold projects as long as the business plan that you propose is solid. The new cafeteria have good foods and ambience. Good benefits, including my favorite of matching charitable givings.
A big emphasis on investing in people. If you're a winner, you'll keep winning. All you need to rise to the top is keep being in the top performer pool. Then, it's easier to succeed because you have more visibility and you get first pick of projects. A lot of money. Microsoft has the cash to fund your bold projects as long as the business plan that you propose is solid. The new cafeteria have good foods and ambience. Good benefits, including my favorite of matching charitable givings.
There are some really smart people who can change the game. And BTW, great health benefits.
Salary,benefits and a truck load of opportunities.
Good compensation. In some positions you can make a difference for many users.
Benefit, Employee care, Leadership, Talents
Campus and office space are good
You can find diversity of things to work on, many smart people
Cloud computing, breadth of areas, smart people, work life balance, get things done culture
Get chance to work on lot of good stuff, Learn lot of interesting things.
good salary and benifits. good
Learn subjects, technical, passionate employees
Challenging work. Great people. Good product
Interesting innovative projects A lot of machine learning Private offices instead of open space Good motivation processes Great medical/sport/etc. benefits
Good benefits, relaxing work. Good for your resume.
Lots of smart people. Most people work hard. Get the newest computers to work with. Flexible hours. Can work from home.
Microsoft provides you with plenty of opportunities to grow your career. You can move from one business practice to another if you feel another job may be a better fit for your career ambitions. You get a lot of training opportunities to sharpen both your technical and soft skills. Access to many online training and research materials for technical and sales specific roles. Good pay and benefits, and MSDN subscription. Great campus environment and learning facilities. Lots of technical and social events to network and mingle with your fellow Microsoft employees and leadership.
- Amazing Benefit - Competitive Salary - Personal Office - Large set of products you can explore - Work life balance
- Career opportunities - People and culture - Compensation/benefits/perks - Lots of opportunities, areas and technical problems to work on - Lots of stellar products especially in enterprise arena
Really smart and engaged collegues
Pay, benefits, work-life balance all great. Knowing your product will be used by millions. Getting to beta-test pretty much every new MS product. Lots of smart people who care about technology.
The people were wonderful - personable, kind, funny. They were supportive of others taking initiative and very generous with their time, particularly in helping new team members get up to speed.
Fantastic company with smart people.
Company does not like its employees to remain stagnant, there are always opportunities to move up and get promoted, as long as you are patient
Great career opportunity, compensation on par with other tech companies, good benefit.
Always new and innovative projects available. Many great leaders and mentors available, great benefits and work environment.
it's good, as you guys know
Smart, smart people. The culture within the company is starting to change for the better.
Used to be a big company, so some people may still think it as a good enough IT company. Or belongs to the first tier. Not the top pay company, but is good.
Great work life balance. Good healthcare benefits. Ability to learn and cange job functions.
Take great care of employees
1. People are really smart and often very hard working, you feel very nice working with these people. 2. Benefits are really nice. Salary is also good. 3. The breadth of products that Microsoft has - Native Apps (Office), OS (Windows), SQL, Cloud services (Azure), Search engines (Bing), Dev tools (VS), Compilers and runtimes (CLR), languages (ASP, C#, VB). In short there is a lot to learn and perform. If you don't like something you can move to a different team. 4. Also you sometimes get to work with great research teams in MSR and often on cool and new stuff.
Amazingly supportive culture and people. It is a very collaborative, happy place
good location, flexible working hour, could work from home.
Nice working environment and smart people around
Good place to work for awhile
Nice facility, very good clean place to work.
Great company in the midst of very positive change.
Company in the middle of a reinvention, great people, great benefits
- Good benefits - A variety of teams and products that you can work on - Many smart people - Company is trying to make some changes to be more agile
New visionary CEO and the big name that goes with the company althou it could sometimes be a liability
Opportunity for growth is infinite. The company has tons of products and initiatives and is always looking for new, cool ideas. People are awesome. Vast majority of leaders I worked for were amazing and smart.
Good people, good campus, good pay
I worked for Microsoft for 20 years and I couldn't be happier to be a cheerleader in the market place and workforce for my former company. Microsoft has been doing excellent innovation, and it was a pleasure to have been a part of the corporation and see the evolution of those products and services. During my tenure, I went from a technical writer to a director, and felt Microsoft had my back as an employee. The company has clear values that put customers first but never at the expense of the employees. We worked toward clear goals in my organization (Office) and were rewarded for innovation and results. The everyday benefits of working for Microsoft are simply amazing -- great 5 star restaurants (I wouldn't call them cafeterias), soccer fields, baseball diamonds, fantastic medical benefits that include vision and dentistry, employee stock purchase plan, generous 401K, and the pay is on the high side for the industry.
Compensation, work from home and great co-workers.
Outside of my previous career in the military (blowing up stuff and jumping out of perfectly good helicopters), there could not be a more vigorous and interesting place to work. It's big, it's global, and it's cool. Recent changes aside (things are looking up now), the future of computing services is, to a large extent, still in Microsoft's hands.
Great perks, awesome networking opportunities, and the campus cafe's are likely to put weight on you.
Good compensation and outstanding benefits (especially the health benefits), some of the bets people you'll ever meet, fantastic commitment to the community and giving back
Microsoft takes very good care of their employees as far as benefits and career growth. That being said, it is your career so you only get out what you put in. The people that complain the most are the ones that when something doesn't go their way once, never try again and like to blame others. I didn't move around as much as I should have (note to reader - move around) but I was really happy with the group I was in and the work that we produced. Lots of opportunity to move around if you do choose, although I believe they want you to stay in a single role for at least a year.
Great internship. Lot of Freedom. Great team
I always felt challenged in my position and that my work was appreciated. I loved my team and their willingness to share tribal knowledge to all the new hires.
Many smart people and good technology. Some groups are very creative and driven. Generally good work/life balance. If you're capable you can move up quickly and move between groups without too much trouble. Helps your career if you can take ownership of a product feature and elevate its status. Much of your career is what you make of it.
pay is competitive, work is interesting
Good work-life balance and benifits
good environment and respect for different cultures
Innovative software across a variety of areas, Competitive Benefits package, Lots of opportunities to advance in ones Career, Plenty of Variety of options to work
Good benefits, smart people, opportunity to change career path.
Innovative company, smart people, makes lots of products
Good pay for retail store
great working atmosphere and the benefits are incredible..... the experience alone is worth the whole journey as you are basically employable at any company after microsoft
Microsoft gives one of the greatest benefits. The company really takes a good care of it employees. The choice of product to choose and work on the in company is huge.
Microsoft is the ideal place for people who have passion for their work and the desire to make an impact—in their careers. The company goals are challenging and that makes it great in my opinion. They offer fair pay, good benefits, (They changed the medical benefits 2 years ago due the projected raising heath care costs associated with Obama Care). The employees are encouraged by the direction of the company since Satya Nadella took over for Steve Ballmer. Microsoft has become obsessed with their customers and the experiences they have with their products. Additionally, they are more open with their product categories. This is demonstrated by their recent moves to offer the Office suite of products across competitor ecosystems. Overall, I would recommend Microsoft as a great place to work.
- Predictable schedule - Pretty good pay - Fairly good benefits - smart engineers (if you find the right team) - easy to transition to new areas of technology
Microsoft can be thought of as a company of companies that's changing it's ways to become united and up to date. Microsoft has very good benefits, perks, and opportunity to work on many things.
Lots of projects to contribute.
Very diverse set of opportunities across different marketing segments and disciplines, Tons of options for career path - different products, technical fields, local and global markets, etc. Some amazing talent to work alongside and learn from.
Engineering: Great place to learn world-class engineering. Experience the long term consequences of good/bad decisions of the past, appreciate them for your own wisdom. Strong appreciation for quality, testing, and presentation. Development tools used to be under-supported, but in the recent years they become much better supported on-par like products. In the past, the practice of delving in a non-Windows platform even as a hobby would be against HR policy, but now cross-platform development is recently more acceptable/necessary. Several opportunities for technical depth and impactful deliverables, depending on teams.  Benefits: Used to be great overall. Now they are still very good in a few areas, overall they are more closer to other larger companies. Pay is comparable with the larger companies.  Career: The company is now strongly catered toward advancing manager roles.  Donations/Volunteering: Good support from outstanding members.
no limits, lots of ownership
Invaluable knowledge that preps employees for career moves
-Lots of growth opportunities -Solid team of contributors -Great compensation
work life balance and others
Great place to learn, very talented people with lots of great ideas.
Lot of new stuff and rarely a truly dull moment.
Great salaries and benefits. Some managers really understand how to assist you to continue growing professionally. You can work remotely 50% most of the times - A self managed environment and culture - Micromanagement is fronwed upon.
Flexible, not high pressure, good work/life balance, nice people
internal opportunity to move laterally and upward
Amazing benefits, cool tech, lots to do
Great experience with lots of opportunity for learning and expanding your role. dedicated co-workers committed to excellence in most instances, wonderful benefits.
The company is open to all people.
Surrounded by incredibly intelligent and motivated individuals, great culture that understands a work-hard, play-hard mentality, great benefits and compensation. New CEO is getting back to their tech roots and pushing the company to fix some of its flaws
Benefits, exciting products, and talented people. A challenging place to work but its very rewording because you will learn so much from the work you are doing and others.
The benefits are good, I felt that my salary was good, and I had the opportunity to work with a lot of talented people from all over the world.
Lots of opportunity to move around the company in various roles, strong overall compensation, flexible work environment
Great company with excellent products Interesting things happen in teams like Cortana, Band, Hololens and in IoT.
Nearly everyone I worked with was friendly and professional. I've had a few managers there and they were all fantastic. The department I was in was exceptionally run, although our product struggled to get off the ground. Late nights were few and far between and I felt that I had complete control over my schedule most of the time.
Flexible hours. The ability to change teams.
Industry leader with extensive and multi-domain technology stack. Tremendous opportunities to learn and grow as technical leader, manager or IC. Both on the job and formal paid-for training offered.
good engineering practices, smart people, diverse product lines to work on
In certain areas, Microsoft is pushing the technology barriers and is getting involved in many new, exciting products. They also present many opportunities to move through-out the company.
Good compensation (although not the best). If you end up in the right team/product, then it can be really fun and engaging.
Salary and benefits are still in the top quartile in the industry. Opportunity to make world-changing contribution.
Work life balance is best thing
Compensation and benefits, some projects (you have to be very pushy to get the interesting work) and work life balance if you have management support. Always had a sense of pride working at Microsoft.
Work life balance, benefits, growth potential, new CEO with a clear vision and desire to change the companies culture and future, manage your own business within a LARGE org., client focus
Benefit, Technology, Company outlook, multi-cultural
Great place to work for
Very informal atmosphere at work
good place to work and learn.
Benefits Smart people On a new path
Microsoft offers great benefits (the BEST benefits back when I was employed, but I hear they're still good). If you're looking to learn about business best practices and cutting edge ways of going to market, this is a great place to do that.
The salary is great as are the benefits.
The pay and benefits are great!
Awesome benefits, great work culture and hours, wonderful support group and awesome friends who work there.
Best work culture so far.. Certainly a good place to work in if you are process specific, from a technological point of view this place is A grade compare to rest of the tech companies.. Lots of opportunity to move across teams and find the right spot
Awesome benefits, great training ground to various disciplines, available classroom internal training on tons of subjects, salary is a bit higher than market. A lot of smart people walking around, allows you to always learn from someone else. When I started, teams I belong to were really innovating quite a bit.
Lots of resources, experts in every style of coding, people who care about the product
Great work environment, great company to work for, exciting opportunities
Awesome vision for modernizing an aging company Clear guidance on where the company is headed As a researcher the resources are all there
I spent 7+ years at Microsoft, so obviously couldn't have been too bad! I enjoyed my time there. Work/Life balance was great. My peers were amazing. There was always plenty of money to execute on our plans. And in general, the environment was respectful.
Good benefit toward health insurance and have a very good commuting option
Smart people. Doing things that matter and actually help people.
Microsoft's focus on work-life balance has paid off, and the company is now very easy to work for regardless of life-circumstances. Gender equality is also very big and MS is making a significant impact in their efforts to correct the gender imbalance, at least in the major metro areas.
Good. You get a lot from it , it's understandable & good . You will love it like I did . Try it out !
Lots of stuff going on, there's always more work for high performers. Nice people, good place to spend a career (at least until they laid people off), perks galore (except free food...that would be nice).
The benefits are good and some areas of the company have great leadership but this has been the exception over the last couple of years.
The benefits are good and pay competitive.
Strategy of the new CEO is solid, confident, believable. Future of Azure and O365 is very strong. Good compensation with quota attainment.
Benefits, Location, Environment, Good people
Career growth, Benefits, Salary, Team, Culture
Great internship program! Real world projects
Cutting technology, great benefits, neat location.
good benefits and work environment
Great benefits, good flexibility with availability. Competitive pay.
high level of flexibility dealing with ambiguity
Benefits are great, a lot of smart people to learn from and management is driven by opinion and personality.
Smart people that really understand the product
Solid salary, nice benefits package, most groups have reasonable work life balance, smart people, lots of opportunity
Microsoft, because of its large product base, offers employees the opportunity to work across a spectrum of products and technologies. For someone, who's moved several teams within Microsoft, I'm genuinely humbled by the amount of diversity and the opportunity there exists to learn different things and impact customers.
socially conscious, technical excellence, can still work on relevant things
Great focus on quality and employee development. Lots of opportunities to impact and influence.
*Some* smart people to work with, but you have to look long and hard to find them. Challenging problems to work on, but finding them is getting harder and harder. Relative autonomy if you do good work (but don't dream of working from home regularly). Good pay and reasonable benefits, *if* you've been there long enough.
A nice company that really follows software development life cycle. It is a good place for fresh graduates to learn and to get into the industry.
very good work environment work here
Great learning experience if you are just joining out of college. The people here have a great experience handling large software code bases, hence have a good quality code to work on.
On the sales side, everything is great. Make your numbers, and you're rewarded handsomely. On the Services side, things used to be great but have gone downhill in the past few years. The perks for working at Microsoft are outstanding. The benefits package is comparable to other tech companies (used to be a lot better), and the work environment is friendly.
Good compensation and great benefits with opportunity for advancement. Culture is great if it is maintained as retail division grows, good working environment. Many perks.
Very flexible for work styles. Good paycheck with security for the company
Most of the groups have a high degree of flexibility around work, allowing you to manage your life and work. The pay is pretty good, as well as the benefits still aren't bad.
A great place to work, the people are amazing and definitely smart. The ability to move across the company exist and the experience to grow both your personal resume and the businesses in which you work can be opportune.
More to the company than meets the public eye...innovative in ways that are not recognized, significant contributor to local communities, smartest people in the world around you every day
You get exposure to many technologies (mostly, microsoft stack only). Good medical, and fitness benefits and other perks. Nice to have your own office. Good work life balance.
Great work/life balance and flexibility if you draw those boundaries. Benefits used to be great, but now they are just OK. Nice work environment, easy access to cafeterias, public transportation. Cool to work with the latest technologies. Very smart co-workers who are passionate about what they do.
I have never felt such a warm welcome in to a company like they did for me and the other new trainees. The training, the atmosphere, the coworkers, all are awesome!
Great package of benefits (medical, dental, vision, 401K, and employee discounts offered at a variety of local companies in the greater Puget Sound area).  Outstanding environment for career growth.  I loved the variety of cuisine offered onsite.  Flexible work schedule, depending upon the team and manager.
Good people, good brand, good opportunities to see a lot of IT
People are just amazing at Microsoft, always ready to help.
Dynamic and challenging environment allows very steep personal growth to meet business goals.
Vast amount of interesting career paths and opportunities, generally bright and motivated people
Everything is awesome, no complaints
Empowering environment, compelling mission and values, smart and dedicated people, international career prospects, merit-based reviews and promotions, wonderful benefits, fast-moving and very competitive industry--a learning organization.
Career development, amazing experiences, benefits.
Career development, amazing experiences, benefits.
it is a great place to learn and connect with people in the industry. Compensation is very good. Depending on the team. The culture can be great or horrible.
Great enviorment and benifits. Love the management and products
benefits, balance, time off policies.
Flexible work environment, smart people
Offering endless opportunity for growth
I loved being around smart people every day. A wonderful environment for learning and trying to achieve goals.
Seattle is a great place to live, work, and play Good energy around the company with Satya as the new CEO Some new products are sparking interest - Band, Surface, Azure Good work life balance and benefits
Many interesting projects. A dynamic environment with smart people. Great benefits and perks. Diversity is welcomed.
- Very smart people - Products touch every area of software (and some significant hardware) - Pay (in Seattle) is great against cost-of-living - Benefits are fantastic
- The private offices are great - The tools used for development are awesome - Compensation is grateful - Work-life balance is a top concern of the company
Fun Place, Great Money, Smartest people in the industry, Best work/life balance in the industry (Microsoft is a family company)
Awesome place to work, great pay, benefits and work life balance.
Its such a great experience
a lot of good people around to learn from excellent classes excellent code base
Talented engineers are all around. Sadly slowed down by legacy tools, lame higher levels of management, frugal admins for computer hardware
Great company with lots of opportunities for new roles.
Flexible work environment that treats employees like adults. Encourages innovative ideas with an eye toward results.
Experienced, smart coworkers, good health benefits
1. intellectually challenging 2. actually working on something that will be used/sense of accomplishment
It could be an interesting company to work for as it still seems to attract talented and intelligent people, has market share and revenue enough to try new or disruptive products/services. But because the leadership of the company is feudal and constantly reverses itself, and the middle management is left to itself to create a Disney-sized theme park dedicated to "Lord of the Flies" style handling of their human chattel, none of the pros matter much.
High salary, no state tax
Smart people, big goals, end to end solid platform when competing in the industry. Benefits good, but not great relative to younger tech companies. This is a great company for the people who want stability without potential for a strong career trajectory.
work & life balance, enough time to ramp up
Supportive environment, Lots of talented people, Opportunities to move
Can release/update online service frequently and make one feel
Great work environment. Most co-workers are capable. Great benefits. Many different projects you can select.
Compensation is solid but workload requires a ton of hours.
good pay, especially with a rising stock
- pay, benefits, work life balance
Microsoft provides a good opportunity for a balanced lifestyle. The maturity of the company allows employees to work hard while also permitting time with family, friends, and for personal development. The benefits are great.
Microsoft hires smart people and offers some very interesting business challenges. The company has the resources to invest long-term in products and services that other competitors would have given up on long ago. Microsoft compensation and benefits are generally quite good.
Lots of resources and different experiences available.
Great challenges at work which make it fun going to work everyday, work-life balance is good too
Great Mentorship Cool office awesome perks
Takes care of employees with good benefits. Lots of very innovative and intelligent hard working people to work with.
Great benefits and a lot of interesting projects to work on.
The benefits were always amazing at Microsoft. It definitely something to consider when thinking about compensation.
Benefits Work life balance Great people Good Atmosphere
Good pay for what I do. Love my membership to the ProClub and that LivingWell is on-site. If you look hard enough, there are some smart people, with class and who are personable around here.  I was thankful that I was able to switch careers here.
Good food, nice location, nice people, good benefits, reasonable workload
Excellent benefits, co-workers are smart and collaborative, the campus is expansive and a great place to work.
There are many smart, amazingly talented, dedicated and hardworking people across the company. The human knowledge base is one of Microsoft's primary assets, along with technologies. Many great ideas and technologies are beginning to be effectively utilized, bringing product improvements, new innovations and a new level of customer awareness as the company transforms.  Changing the culture of a large, global enterprise involves dealing with a high level of complexity - but the spirit of collaboration and cooperation has been adopted at the get work done level and is beginning to translate into better customer and partner experiences.
-Unsurpassed pay and benefits -Fun place to work -Great technology and always cool things to try out before they hit the market -everyone is accessible
Pay is good and nice place to work physically.
Microsoft is at the forefront of tech innovation. It is absolutely the place to be in the tech world. Work-life balance is absolutely great. Go MSFT!
Diversity. It has range of product & technology to work on - freedom to move / change, One of the best Benefits in the industry,
Good Benefits High total compensation great facilities
Good pay and benefits is about all I can say
Some of the best compensation and benefits in the world Several weeks of training and conferences a year Tech company where software engineers are held in high honor
Salary and Benefits! Good work environment...
With a good manager the opportunities are endless.
Breadth of opportunities Great managers Fantastic work/life balance Top notch perks/benefits Supportive career opportunities Brand name
Challenging work, smart people, plenty of resources
Great benefits, great pay, and a very nice environment usually (depends on which building you are in). Also the people working there are very very smart.
Great benefits career development flexible time
Work with top people Lots of opportunity to work on a number of different products Huge impact - one project I and one other person on my team did during six months of last year generated close to $100M in revenue Pay and benefits Work life balance
Good interview experience, good communication, good people, good friends.
Great resources to work with and great people. Willing to let people tackle very large projects. The technological infrastructure is excellent.
Good pay for contract/staffing job and opportunity to make bonuses in some areas. Management is supportive and has put many training programs in place.
Microsoft is technical company. Engineering is king. Good place to learn about software engineering.
Large enterprise software development company. Many divisions
Best company for job in the world
Decent company, paid well, great SDEs and many have worked on the same component for a long time. Deep stack of technology and you feel no matter how hard you worked, there are still many you don't understand.
Depending on your manager ,you can be a success
Cutting edge software technologies and tools. Can learn from smart people around you everywhere. Amazing feeling working on great products!
In spite of all its problems, Microsoft provides challenging work and job satisfaction for Program Managers. The compensation is decent and you can have a work-life balance.
Opportunity to have a big impact
They really take care of the people involved in their company. They have great facilities and can work with them on flexibility
The People are Great and the company really takes care of its employees and takes extra steps to make sure they are progressing in their careers as well as personally.
Benifits, food and wearing jeans
Solid but declining benefits. some great core products. finally got rid of review numbers, but don't believe that means the stack rank is gone.
Amazing benefits package. Competitive compensation. Great place to kickstart a soaring career. Very stable, secure company that has built a lasting legacy. If you find the right team, you can become very successful.
Worked in PSS in Las Colinas TX for 16 years, full access to the latest and greatest MS software, benefits were fantastic, pay was really good, and I really enjoyed the people that I worked with
Stil a great place for really smart people who want to work on challenging problems. There is a high need for smart engineers and that will never change. The coolest thing about Microsoft is that the work you do has the potential to impact millions of people. The work is compelling because it can have such a positive impact on so many people.
Their benefits are top of the line. Obamacare did have a negative impact on health insurance.
Working with lots of smart people and cutting edge technology. You control your career by being proactive. Opportunity to bring products to life for millions of users
Great company that has a lot of great benefits!
Company store, which you probably won't use for your-self, but your friends and relatives would love to take this advantage. Only if you have charismatic leader go there.
Good benefits and work life balance. Salary is OK in Seattle.
You get bonuses from xbox and more.
Pay, Benefits, not doing stack ranking anymore (officially)
Living in Seattle, stable company
Great benefits. Nice campus, extremely intelligent coworkers, interesting work
Awesome perks, awesome coworkers, really (fun) challenging work. I really learned a lot from my team and fellow interns.
Career development, company leaders do a good job communicating, employee stock programs, focused on building diverse workforce
Large scale, smart people. There is a word minimum... more words. So many more words. Why is there a minimum? Words words words words! la la la...
Lots of opportunity to learn, all the software you ever wanted, diversity, great benefits
Open Culture, Emphasis on Individual's Career, Great people
Overall the company is friendly and hardworking. Great leaders can be found in most business divisions. Changes have been made to promote better working relationships between managers and subordinates.
Great salaryand bonus/stock structure. Great online and in person training. Excellent and smart engineers. Relaxed and open culture. Benefits are the best among the industry.
smart people and lots of things to do if you want to change fields or roles
Microsoft Corporation Convenient location Software industry Windows proficiency environment always inventing new software
Very good office culture. Energetic and friendly.
caring for employees, great benefits
Amazing campus, great work life balance, great food, innovation
nice people, tons to learn and fantastic campus, diversity is awesome
Great welcome package! After MS bought Nokia they welcomed all and gave us all a Surface or Xbox.  Great Severance Package too!
The company was the leader of the industry 2 decades ago now it is the joke of the industry
I had too many good years at Microsoft IT to give less than four stars. Although with all the recent layoffs, the loss of market share, the pressure of the stakeholders and still no clear vision of the future, it does feel like it will get worse before it gets better. My highlights:  - Great people - Great benefits, competitive compensation - Great opportunities for personal growth: job responsibilities, training, mentors, etc...
* Good compensation. * Interesting projects. * Good work life balance. * Most people are smart and helpful.
You will work with intelligent, sharp-minded people.
Great technical problems and good people.
Very intellectually stimulating environment. Constant opportunities to learn and grow. Many career opportunities. Great benefits. Diversity is highly valued within the company culture with opportunities for everyone. Lot of flexibility in work arrangements.
Great Health Benefits and Salary
Microsoft was a great place to learn and grow in a fast paced cutting edge environment. I highly recommend the experience.
The salary here is great. You will undoubtedly have some great, fun, funny and intelligent people surrounding you. Benefits are OK.
Good overall compensation plan, good balance work/life
Good money, benefits, bonus, lots of travel
Good pay Good benefits (medical, 401k) Good work life balance Seattle is a great place to live
Vibrant Dynamic company focused on team success.
Microsoft is going through some big changes in terms of how it operates. I think is a good change and I hope to see the results in near future.
Great people and great benefits
- one of a few companies w/ lots of touch-points with consumers and enterprises - opportunity to work on products that touch people's lives -- Windows, Office, Skype, Bing, Azure, Xbox, etc. - most colleagues are smart, hard-working, and competent - company is heading the right direction by focusing on cloud and mobile - Satya is transforming company culture for the better - recent changes to modernize product development roles make sense
Exciting work, great pay and benefits, ability to use new technology. Microsoft is a place where you can easily move around to work on new challenges when you are ready.
Company is very forward-looking with the new leadership (Satya). Culture is rapidly evolving to be caught up with, or ahead of, the competition. Wide reach, with lots of opportunities to make an impact on the world.  Time-off is very flexible. Work-life balance is well managed on most teams.
great benefits, although changes to HSA have made more costly, smart people
Smart people, good pay, great benefits, awesome campus
You'll work with a lot of very smart people. Satya Nadella is doing a great job of securing Microsoft's continued relevance and innovative new products. Plenty of opportunities to work independently to deliver results. Schedule flexibility for most roles.
Well paid, good healthcare benefits (though definitely not as good as a few years ago), technically challenging  If you work there you will learn a LOT and to stay working there you have to be adaptable and able to learn new things quickly. Your job description will be a fraction of the work that you actually do. Some teams are fabulous and management is fabulous and others are, well, NOT. You have to find the right spot for you.
good (but not great) opportunities for progression. plenty of chances for skill development. among the best leadership of any company in the world.
Fun projects, good benefits, decent pay, good work life balance
Opportunity to learn a lot. Its like a University. Good benefits. Good company values, and great time-off and vacation policy.
Nothing good seemed to ever happen at Microsoft IT. Since IT is considered a service division that supports the profit making business units. Most buildings are not even on the main corporate campus. The Pros is that you get easier parking. Not a big deal.
Microsoft offers so many choices for career paths, and is open to you changing. Excellent salary and benefits. Hard work is expected, but lots of reward for that. Huge partner infrastructure. Well-respected name in industry. The customer will always take a meeting with Microsoft, even if they don't agree with you.
Very smart people to work with, lots of different businesses.
Great colleagues, compensation, work-life balance, benefits and growth opportunities. The company is getting more innovative and competitive which is all great!
I was a Test Manager at Microsoft and I had to build a team from scratch, it was fun to work with Recruiting as they helped with getting the ball rolling, once I hired the testers, Microsoft has great training classes which brought the newcomers up to speed. I have not seen any other company spend this much time in training their new employees.
Generally experience a laid back work environment with flexible working hours and low-key team culture, morale events are good team building exercises
Great benefits, very smart people abound, great mobility within the company, opportunities for mobile workers, many great reasons to work here.
Great benefits, very smart people abound, great mobility within the company, opportunities for mobile workers, many great reasons to work here.
Transition to cloud, good pay master
good benefits, a lot of options to work, smart teams
Great opportunity to impact global products and programs. Overall great company and benefits with interesting outlook with new CEO. Exceptional philanthropic culture with opportunity to leverage the power of technology to improve people's lives.
Work-life balance and culture.
Unparalleled benefits such as health, 401k, etc.
Great salary, smart people to work with
Good benefits, good pay, lots of available options.
You'll have the chance to work on some good products with global impact, and there is plenty of opportunity for advancement.
pros: great resources to learn (tools, books, SW), free to go over and above and participate in novel ideas and technologies. Good workers, good perks (insurance.....), decent remuneration. great products and steady state future
money bonus and people:S:S:S:S: and nice
Free drinks, morale events, generally professional and courteous attitudes, high level of talent and professionalism among employees
Great place to learn as a college hire
Good salary. Build products used by millions
There is a very serious will to change the culture in Microsoft Great engineering foundation, and tons of experienced people to learn from
smart people everywhere to work with all the resources you could want to improve your skills and learn new things culture of people who care about you looks great on the resume you are driven to succeed
Organized processes, opportunity to different job roles, good overall payment package
Benefits, schedule flexibility, thorough training, relatively higher pay
Good work-life balance. Opportunity to work on large-scale projects.
Smart people working on hard problems, but not doing it the right way. Not optimized for the internet world
Strongest diversified portfolio of businesses in a single company. They treat their employees and extended family extremely well through benefits and family events.
The company is great! Management and co-workers are friendly and all put in for a team effort. Pay is great. Always a positive vibe when working for them. And a lot of room for growth in the company, even after a short time! If you work hard enough of course. And you also get a chance to work with other companies such as Verizon, AT&T, Dell, and ACER just to name a few. Company definitely values you as an employee.
Microsoft's culture is changing and interesting! There is a company-wide effort in modernizing how work is done for software engineers and PMs. Yes, benefits are awesome, especially for a new grad. Smart people all around who are interesting and great people to work with. There are so many resources at your disposal. It's up to you to take advantage of them all.
Organized processes, opportunity to different job roles, good overall payment package
Allows for a lot of flexibility, however...
Ownership over projects as intern, friendly working atmosphere, very exciting products
Nice work opportunities over here
great office settings where everyone gets his or her own office, brightest college to work with, friendly environment, flexible working hours, big organization offers many opportunities to learn and grow, best place to advance in your domain knowledge and technical background
Good salary, good facilities, great opportunity to learn and develope . International company that gives you the option to learn and work with people all over the world
Great brand, lots of good but not great perks. Compensation again good but not great compared to other competitors.
Various number of successful products and services you can work on Great compensation Well established processes and tools Relatively easy to change jobs internally
Great culture, amazing challenges, and career opportunites!
Great place to work, lots of smart passionate people to work with. Plenty of technical challenges to work on in various fields. Great work life balance. Good perks.
Show your commitment, loyalty and consistent good work ethic and you'll be rewarded.
Strong salary, benefits, opportunities, work with the worlds best talent.
Great work/life balance, great benefits, nice offices, flexible work from home policies, great IT department. Some groups have real teamwork. Bureaucracy is manageable for a huge company. New direction under Satya is refreshing and the right thing, creating lots of internal change.
work with smart people, good process and competitive environmnent
Lots of options - client, services, hardware etc.
Great place if you can handle responsibility (yearly commitments) without having total control.
Many interesting products, Very resourceful
Amazing benefits and pay. Can help create things billions of people use.
The people around you are really smart and management is often interested in your growth.
Good Pay, good benefits, the physical office is nice, great cafeteria.
I always learn something new each day. There are loads of opportunities in diverse technologies and products. The company promotes collaboration. Amazing mentors and coworkers contribute to your success.
Good teamwork. Work was fun.
Cutting edge technology. Almost unlimited resources. Microsoft is able to marshall almost limitless resources to meet project deadlines on major efforts
You have various products to work on.
Established company with good benefits.
The benefits are some of the best.
Solid corporate values, pretty decent work life balance, lots of opportunity for learning career development and strong professional network
Great pay, great benefits, get to work with cutting edge infrastructure, great co-workers
Compensation is competitive, benefits are outstanding, the company cares.
Opportunities positive environment support from peers
worth to work in career, good benefit, and salary, smart culture
- Surrounded by smart people - A respected company (for the most part) - Is still ambitious and willing to re-invent itself - Still believes in its self and the organizations capability to change and compete
- One has lots of free time. You can choose to spend it wisely, work on your engineering chops/design chops, look into side projects.  - So many smart individuals.
Depending on the team, there are some great people to work with.
Good work-life balance if you manage it properly. Reasonable benefits. Great pay.
work life balance is good
Great products and smart people
great environment very good opportunities
Many different disciplines and experiences to be had
Great company to work for
Microsoft is a large company that is a collection of small business units that operate fairly independently. lots of opportunities to work in multiple businesses with multiple models.
Good pay, lots of tech, flexible work schedule, opportunity to move around
I don't think there is anyplace I could have worked and learned so much and felt like I made such a big impact to the world of technology. I grew at Microsoft in so many ways.   - It is a wonderful place to become immersed in multiple game changing technologies.  - Few places offer such a rich and diverse workforce allowing you to learn how to work with people better. Something that is more valuable and will last longer than any technology.  - Microsoft allows you to take training, stay on top of new trends and grow you strengths.  - There is always someone who can help. There is a vast wealth of material on hand for research to get you started on new projects quicker, pointed in the right direction, or help you out of a jam.  - Good corporate values
I have been working in the Azure org for 4 years. Very informal culture at dev level. Good work life balance. Close working relationship with PMs.
Big company, good benefits, good compensation
Very smart and hardworking teammates
really cool place to work
really cool place to work
There are vast swaths of people that work here who are genuinely interested in building better products. Work-life balance is decent if you know how to create boundaries
If you have a great manager, they will be a supportive coach and work with you to achieve objectives
Company has huge variety of opportunities as it develop products in many areas.
A lot of opportunists for internal transfer
Great people to work with everyday Good work life balance Great products Flexibility to move around, do anything any job you want to Amazing learning opportunity. It is like 10 different companies/businesses rolled into one
- Smart people. Although quality can vary from team to team - Good perks - Salary good for Seattle
They have excellent company and benefits.
still regarded as a savvy recruiter
microsoft was a good company to work at, with reasonable career growth and opportunities. definitely learned a lot there and worked with a lot of smart people.
We lead / drive the industry. I have been with the company for more than 15 years across different disciplines. I work with some of the brightest and best people. The culture is strong, but there is still room for a great sub-culture as well. Just look at the Garage movement of makers at the company.
Amazing availability to resources beyond your work functions: book author sessions, rich intranet, analyst accounts Real capability to change the world, by influencing subsidiaries Capacity to drive a strong contact network, influence many customers and partners
Great benefits and opportunities to learn and network with Redmond
Working with some of the smartest people in the technology industry.
Good place to work in the company
Okay benefits. Lots of work to do.
You work with some very smart and knowledgeable people. You get to work on interesting problems. Great health benefits (although I've heard they're being pruned), excellent gym at Redmond, good perks.
good pay, career advice, international exposure. majority of managers truly care about your future and growth. the previous peer-against-peer rating system is longer in place which removes unnecessary internal competition
Everyone is set to change the world through technology for good
Intelligent workforce, fair compensation, most seem to be extremely passionate about what they are doing, I'm stronger
Work with a very talented group of people.
Large technology company with global recognition. Many jobs available with ability to move in career and location. Company changes rapidly and seeks the best and brightest. The company spends a lot on employees to ensure skills and morale are kept current. Very good benefits. The office environment and hours are very flexible. Strong company ethics for individuals and the corporate environment. With their new CEO last year the company seems to be on an upswing with product development and consumer sentiment.
Ton of smart people, competitive pay and benefits, tenacious. Unique among other tech giants in terms of charity and giving back through giving campaign and employee matching program.
Microsoft has hired, and still hires, some of the smartest people you will ever get to work with and there are few companies which operate at the same global scale. They pay well and benefits are (still) good by comparison and - due in large part to a lack of growth - work life balance is fairly easy to maintain.
They had pretty good benefits, although I think they are moving towards the HSA plan, as opposed to the 'older' model. There was absolutely NO medical bills, not even anything taken out of your paycheck.. Craziest thing I've ever seen.
Cool place to work, great technology and lot of scope for career
Good pay and benefits, not a ton of hours. You can work an entire career at a single company, which is nice for some.
Smart staff, resource rich, profit engine
Very good benifits, pay and amenteties
Dynamic environment, smart people, great products.
Exceptional talent, quick decision making
1. Great medical benefits 2. A lot of choice of work 3. Great engineers to work with
Great benefits, and a great place to work - especially if you believe in the Microsoft vision. No lack of really smart people.
Stable company, Easy to move around, Lots of smart people to work with and learn from, Easy to find an impactful project
Best growing company and i want to be part of it.
Microsoft continues to expand its portfolio of software and hardware products, providing development positions in a very wide variety of technologies and areas of interest.  Although flagship products have a very large organization size, individual working teams are small, providing cross-discipline fraternity within the larger context.  The working environment is casual with respect to dress codes and personal communication. Work hours are flexible.  Commute options are plentiful. If you drive, there's ample parking, while Microsoft bus, or city transit covers much of the Greater Seattle area.
Great compensation package and benefits.
-You get paid! I could not find 5 words for pros.
Challenging projects, with a dynamic team. You will learn a lot but we ready for change pace and management teams. Great benefits such as training, team projects, and learning about new products and processes. Work life balance is great and you manage your own career.
I was able to work on many different projects and many different teams using many different technologies, and I worked under many different managers. They offer a lot of ways to continue your education and foster ways of working on your career goals.
benefits are good, would strongly recommend those starting out their careers to apply here.
You will be surrounded by intelligent people. Work life balance is pretty good. Paternal leave is 1 month!
great company. no lack of cash
Best engineer teams, lots of opportunites for learn and grow, cool projects
They have amazing benefits for part time employees including 401k, medical, dental, and eyes. They also give you many presents for being a part of the microsoft staff.
Over all good benefits and support system.
Salary, benefits (stock options, bonuses, commuter options)
Good products. High ethical standards.
Smart people, employees are excited about what they are building, products provide great value for the price, the whole company gives back to the community both as individuals and as a corporate entity, have the best story for hybrid (on-prem + cloud) computing out of all vendors. Compensation and benefits are fair, a bit above average.
Great employer with huge potential and many challenges. You have opportunities to work with many different teams.
Great experience gathering for working with Enterprise level accounts. Ability to "sell it all". Good compensation package.
Offers interesting, challenging, and ground-breaking problems Enables opportunities to interact with Engineering, Marketing, Operations, and Finance teams Opportunity to present to Senior leadership
There are smart colleagues to work with. Mature software engineering practices. Opportunity to make impact on products that influence large user population.
Depends on what team you are in but mine had great atmosphere and a great people. Free soda, xbox, caltrain, gym definitely a plus.
smart people, competitive too much disparity in workload compared to otehr areas of the company
Very smart people developing awesome, world changing products. Great benefits, more or less competitive compensation. Lots of opportunities (minus the cons). In general, most are supporting of doing social good (e.g. taking time to pursue philanthropy). You can be yourself.
Best-in-class people. Really, these are some of the smartest, most committed folks you will find. Huge impact on billions of people across the planet.
Overall the benefits are superior to any I have seen. This is a company that supports philanthropic efforts of their employees.
Smart people, cool projects, great pay
good console and it gets the job done very nice.
Awesome compensation package and advancement opportunities
Perks and benefits are nice. Work life is also good.
Benefits, smart people, flextime, remote work, work from home
Great company and products, benefit is great if you have family and kids.
Good people, tons of areas to work on!
Extremely smart people from top MBA programs. Good work and life balance. Decent benefits.
Good product line for service solutions. Promising direction of cloud computing and online services. Microsoft is still good at enterprise market instead of consumer products.
it provides good income and benefits, you have a lot of opportunities to work with a lot of people
Dreams of being a major force for good, pays well, has good benefits and a great charitable-giving program
good benefits and work-life balance
Microsoft is a good company to work for, with better than average stability and opportunities for career growth. The pay can range from average for most to exceptional for a few. Most people you will run across and work with are smart and passionate about something. (but not always technology - see cons) Generally there is a lot of opportunity for autonomy and making decisions which impact the areas you own at all levels. The culture is very diverse and diversity is valued, though that does not mean differences are respected by all.
stable, proven products, versatile, solid foundatioin
* you will be surrounded by brilliant people and cutting edge technology. * humane hours are possible, depending on the team. Some groups have great work/family balance. It just depends where you land. * decent perks for food, deals, etc but not like before and nothing like Bay area companies. * supportive of healthy lifestyles - the StayFit program, the bike commuter program... all good. * one of the most charitable organizations I have ever worked for...
Great people and energy company wide.
- Good compensation (salary, benefits, stock-grant, etc.) - Working with smart and highly-motivated professionals
Was a good facility, good team
Personal growth, benefits, great managers, company values
Good management. Global influence.
[+] Breadth of career opportunities -- Work locations all over the world and in many different disciplines [+] Much emphasis placed on Azure and O365, central to winning the biggest shift in IT since the PC. [+] Company encourages cross-training and transitioning to different disciplines, although sometimes difficult, in practice. [+] Exciting transition to cloud and mobile business underway -- Many new career opportunities in these businesses. [+] CEO is leading culture change, breaking many legacy assumptions, restructuring product groups, where necessary, and attempting to make the company less insular, more innovative, more open to cross-team collaboration, while eradicating the toxic, back-stabbing culture, associated with the former evaluation system, known as stack-ranking, as extensively reported on this site.
Lots of technology Wide swath of areas to innovate Improving HR practices, with a focus on work-life balance
Because Microsoft is in so many different businesses there is a wide array of career options and opportunities. The company is becoming more focused under Satya Nadella, and he is also making some key changes to improve the culture.
Professional working environment. Highly competitive culture. Focus on productivity. Rewards for outstanding performance. Broad scope of influence. Strategic products and services. Good benefits and total compensation package.
Well paying, highly influencial position where direct control over features and schedules is in your hands. Great benifits, salary and bonus as long as you are performing well. New review system is a plus.
Great benefits package Interesting work Opportunity to have broad impact
Great benefits and flexible work hours. A lot of perks if you're an FTE, the free Microsoft bus system is a an added +. Lots of opportunity to move around in the company. To survive your 1st year here you have to think quick on your feet, be resourceful, have excellent time management skills, and build a network early on.
People, New CEO, facilities and tools are best around the world... from Seattle to India-- World Class--- Benefits, HR Support, tech Support are amazing Customer Facilities in all offices are more than impressive and customers love coming to visit. This really helps in strategic Selling.
Great compensation Work life balance Work with very intelligent people
Good Company to work for
Good compensation package and benefits, intelligent employees
Challenging environment. Smart people to work with.
The place to be for all things latest.
Microsoft offers relatively competitive salaries, many benefits, and a nice campus like atmosphere. It is very cool to be (in many cases) where things were invented. There are a lot of resources.
Pays Good, over at least $100,000 if you were good.
As many have stated the benefits and pay at Microsoft are mostly without compare. A healthy dose of 'work/life balance' and a solid set of benefits made this an attractive place to work for many new and mid-career people. Recent changes to the review model is a huge step towards treating employees with the dignity and respect that they deserve.
Excellent compensation and benefits. Great work atmosphere with highly skilled & talented coworkers. Great work/life balance.
Superior benefits. Generally smart employees.
Impactful work, work life balance
Co workers, salary, benefits, opportunity to advance
Learn a lot every day Work with SUPER smart people
I felt like there were good opportunities to work on products with a wide reach. The pay was fair, but not stellar. The benefits were very good.
Career Opportunities, fast paced, great benefits, and innovative
Expectations are clearly defined, challenging projects, extremely bright colleagues.
Fast pace work, challenging, lots of career movement.
Great benefits, lots of job opportunities
Company has gotten much better now with Satya
World wide affects. Good salaries. Great benefits.
Great company with good benefits
- Can-do attitude and producing excellent results is contagious - seeing what my coworkers do inspires me - Wealth of resources for personal and professional growth - The variety of tasks available to choose from keeps things exciting - Proud of being a part of a great company
Great working environment & benefits. Leading edge of technology. Customer focused and forward thinking.
Nice place to work with good benefits
Great benefits, security, but experience 100 percent dependent on your manager and workgroup. There is no such thing as One Microsoft from a personal experience perspective. If you don't like your group, move. It's a well resourced company with a lot of smart people and some of the world's most interesting challenges to work on. Good opportunity to work globally and learn a ton about business if in the right role.
Good compensation in large part. Top leadership appears to be on the right track. Culture is different per group but overall is becoming more collaborative.
Reputation for excitement, innovation, big challenges and rewards
good benefits. loads of smart engineers.
1. It is a technology company, so you do get the opportunity to learn. 2. People means a lot here. If you have manager who values your work, you are at a great position. I met at least three great managers, and I definitely learned a lot from them. They encourage changes for improvements, and without their support, I wouldn't have switched to the role I wanted with very little ramp up time needed. 3. Things could be looking good since the tradition of Windows Office focus has shifted.
Freedom to innovate Flexi time Best health benefits
Career development heaven! There is a really clear path to any job in the company. Build skills with published roadmaps, build relationships with huge numbers of people willing to help, have the job of your dreams. I've never worked for a company that made things so straight forward. There's a ton of hard work to do but worth it so far.
Technology - exposure to many different technologies and opportunities to dive deeply Benefits - time off, stocks, health care, company store products Diverse businesses - you can find many cultures across teams, many areas to focus on, different work life balance Flexibility - generally, doing your work and doing it well, regardless of where you are doing it from, is all that is expected Civic minded - the company's Giving Campaign with the 100% matching fund and interest in giving back to community Immigration help - a generally stellar legal team to walk you through the process
Big company & lots of stuff to do
Stable company that cares about its employees. Wide variety of tech areas options to choose from within. New hires get enough room to settle in and then can pursue their career growth based on their own aspirations.
Great people to work with from a team perspective. Superb opportunities to learn the newest software not just from the company but external, too.
I worked with creative, intelligent, passionate people. The environment was supportive, giving me all the resources I needed. Everyone was generous with their time and knowledge.
great benefits and flexible times
You meet the smartest, most motivated people every day you work at Microsoft. You have every opportunity to move to any team you want to (If they want you) and can grow into anything you want to do.
Microsoft is overall a great employer. The remuneration and benefits are very good - even with recent changes - and the company provides a broad range of support and services to employees. You have the opportunity to work on a diverse set of areas and often have the opportunity to work on projects that have real scale and impact.
Ample opportunities for career growth
Good job perks, good benefits, good global working experience. New CEO is going in a positive direction.
Always challenging projects to work on, expansive scope of business, large revenue and potential revenue opportunity, pockets of great people, flexibility of work hours and location
Excellent reputation. Lots of smart and motivated people to work with. The new CEO is really driving cultural change and increased focus on customers in the mobile and services world.
Things are moving fast. There are obviously parts of the company trying to change for the better (customers, employees, stockholders, etc.)
Finally awakening to consumer needs and how to build them on the machine learning and Bing knowledge platforms. Has the cash and international presence to succeed.
Benefits and perks are exceptional and endless amount of resources for training. No pension.
Great company, great benefits, a lot of options and career paths
Very friendly atmosphere, great culture. This company is truly incredible and you can really move up quickly if you're good at what you do.
Excellent leadership, good work benefits
Free pops and drinks, good professional environment. Bill Gates is the greatest man on earth.
Benefits and compensation great. Work life balance was good in the group I was in. The people I worked with were also great.
The personal offices, free insurance, nice morale events - all used to be-s...
Good people, great benefits, Interesting products and market positioning, great location
Work life balance was easy to achieve Flexibility in hours and location The company doesn't pretend to be what it is not to it's employees (loyal) Pay is very competitive
- Great benefits, pay and overall compensation. - Challenging work environment. - Smart and talented team members. - Constantly being challenged to touch greater heights.
Great experience and lots empowerment.
Got to experience multiple roles and work in multiple teams as part of the MACH rotational program. Its a valuable experience in gaining skills in different roles quickly and learning how various teams work. It also allowed me to understand the breadth of Microsoft.  Satisfaction of working on projects that eventually do impact many people. You can find great mentors and smart colleagues here to learn from and work with. The culture is very respectful and completely non-discrimanatory.
decent salary and benefits, connector shuttles around the Seattle area
1. You are working at a world class company. Good on resume 2. Lot of opportunities for career growth 3. Comparatively stable job and good benefits 4. you can be an individual contributor forever.
Great company, a lot of opportunities for growth and great benefits. Also a lot of great resources, with talented and smart people as well.
Good pay, great benefits and work life balance (on some teams)
Great opportunities to gain breadth and depth of experience in software engineering on industrial-strength applications like the Office suite. Breadth means you can move from desktop apps to mobile apps to server apps to web apps all within Office over several product cycles without having to change companies. Depth means really understanding a platform's "engine" by writing code that must meet high bars on performance, security, robustness, and stepping into many layers of code that isn't your own to track down problems. Learn all the best practices from working on long-lived industrial-strength apps, then do the start-up thing writing throwaway apps so when you take shortcuts to meet tight schedules and budgets, you do so knowing the trade-offs in maintainability, security, scalability, etc.
good place for starters to work
Benefits other than health (which I now consider a con) are great such as software discounts, bus passes, on campus cafeterias with great food.
Decent benefits, ok work-life balance
Love people and the open culture
- Surrounded by smart people. - Great benefits. - Potential to learn something new everyday.
Mostly good peers. Always something new to learn. Fast pace.
The only pro of this job was the ability for me to have this company's name on my resume.
Love the Microsoft Culture they treat you like family not a dollar sign. Pay higher than the average, great health benefits, good work life balance.
Work life balance and a great benefit plan
Contrary to what people think, Microsoft is a very positive environment to work in. There are a lot of smart people and plenty of opportunities to solve tough problems.
- Lots of different projects you can work on. - Stability.
has own office (for some teams), not very busy, not bad benefit,
Great company, they really invest into their employees
Benefits are amazing, company culture as a whole is amazing
This is a mature origination with systems and processes in place. However, there is always an opportunity to provide feedback for improvement and lead projects that create an impact. Benefits are amazing and take the pressure off thinking about what you need for a work/life balance - health, stay fit, childcare, work from home. The company also encourages movement - sometimes a bit too quickly. Internal candidates are encouraged to apply to other positions and are highly considered for open positions.
People are friendly and good overall culture in US office. Good work life balance.
Competitive pay, amazing benefits, socially conscious, the ability to create an impact on your products and your world. Invests in employees, amazing people. Flexible hours, great work-life balance. Fair reviews, huge opportunities to advance your career, great national and global movement opportunities.
If you are a junior, out of collage, Microsoft is a great place to start your career. Lots of smart people and mentors to learn from, lots of trainings and resources. Good pay and benefits. No major disturbances.
Good health benefits are available for everyone at Microsoft. In the Seattle/Redmond area you get a health club membership, or can opt for $800/year in reimbursed expenses. Need a new bicycle to workout? Use it for that.  Microsoft has been good on resumes for getting interviews at my new company, however most experience Microsoft engineers fail their interview because the work at Microsoft doesn't prepare them well to get hired outside. You have to do that yourself.
Good pay and benefits, looks good on your resume.
Great work life balance, amazing pay, lots of good people.
The leadership here is good. They want to see people succeed and the culture is supportive. Coming in as a college hire, there were plenty of opportunities to grow and develop my skills.
If you love product development that tolerates delays :)
work life balance, benefit, environment
freedom in your decicions and trust from management
International company with strong global presence
Great team, great culture, amazing teams, lots of work, flexible timings, great rewards
Great benefits, smart employees, internal moves greatly supported.
Microsoft has so many resources in talent, money, and market power. When the company or a team decides to do something it will keep trying until it succeeds. In the current reorganization started by Balmer and now run by Nadella there's a lot of consolidation going on that will help drive a leaner& faster company. In a few years this company is going to be a force not seen in a long time and one to rival Google and Apple in terms of pace of innovation and quality of results.  As an employee you are treated with a lot of respect and provided so many resources from research and design, to developers and user data, and definitely a lot of time to get anything done. There's a lot of systematic approaches to everything so it is normally easy to predict the outcome of any product development if you're paying attention.  The pay at Microsoft is great, stocks are just ok, but the take home cash pay is generous, especially for new college and industry hires.
- good work life balance - good benefits - a lot of oppotunities
If you are a technology buff, this is the place to be! Always on the forefront of the latest computer technology. Sure the company may still have a smaller than desired market of the mobile business but the product it puts out is good and fluid and fun to use.
Big company with lots of diversity of people, cultures, and ideas. Lots of opportunities in such a large global organization. Good benefits, stock, bonuses, etc. They hire great talent and are driven to deliver timely and useful products
Great company with out standing benefits. A good corporate citizen with outstanding contribution to community.
So many opportunties to grow you career, including if your are looking for upward mobility, technical growth, management/leadership or career shift. There is no shortage of opportunities in this company.
Free tablet, and phone upon being hired. Salaries are higher than most stores in the mall.
Big network of groups and teams to reach out to, lots of learning opportunities.
amazing boss.i am challenged with the work that i do.i love the flexibility in work hours.
Great technology company, lots of users, high impact work, love my coworkers. The technologies empower people and change the world.
Great career opportunities & flexibility to work in different areas. Very talented people & high diversity across teams. Team members generally quite collaborative.
Compensation is at Industry standard, really care about their employees, good work-life balance across the organization, can move fairly easily within the company, great benefits,
Exciting place to work given the breadth and depth of technology with the ability to impact change.
Great salary. Sometimes the work can be interesting and meaningful. Starting to change but it's hard to change with so much legacy crap and invested bureaucracy. Everything that happens there is usually a 100+ person project so that's good and bad. The good is that it can be hugely impactful and the bad is that it's slow as molasses.
Office perks, autonomy, great benefits
Great pay, good work-life balance.
Good benefits Great people to work with. Commute is very convenient with multiple options. Campus atmosphere with a lot of learning resources and opportunities.
benefits are good, compensation is okay, that's about it
Good salary and improved performance review process. Good people (mostly).
Benefits, Working from home, locations, offices
Great work life balance and not very competetive
Perks, work environment, challenges, company values
Incredible benefits and work life balance. Feel fortunate to work for such a great company with such diverse and incredibly talented people. They certainly are finding a way to recruit top notch talent. Am very happy to have made the move to the Pacific NW. Great place to live and raise a family.
Dynamic, perks, office culture, flexibility, training
Lots of talent and people to learn from, decent machines to work off of, working on Next Big Game can be exciting, well stocked kitchen, good parking.
Amount of vacation was okay, medical benefits were decent (though not awesome as of late), salary okay
The people working there were great. Passionate, fun, intelligent people. Free coffee is always nice, and the pay was very good.
Excellent benefits and sometimes compensation
Can be a great place, good pay, benefits
If you are seeking for good life/work balance , Microsoft is good. Not too much pressure on the tasks.
A lot of pros let me test products and i guess it was cool but i prefer sony because they dont care if i actually work there or not go sony woo 2k14
Great opportunity company with growth options and opportunity. Broad spectrum of roles, big impact due to global scale.
Lots of great tech, good salary/benefits/bonus, large customer base.
Work along side smart, dedicated people. A tremendous fresh focus on customer experience and everyone can engage directly with customers for feature, design or other feedback. Flexibility (for the most part) on work schedule with core hours from 10-6pm.
Working for Microsoft has been the highlight of my professional life. I've been there for 20+ years and, once upon a time, the company was agile and each group operated as a small company. What's great? The very very smart people. The company has made tremendous strides in its products & technology and customers genuinely want to see Microsoft and to use its technology. It's been great to have been part of something that has - literally - changed the world. It's generally easy enough to move from one role to another in the company after a few years if you were successful in your previous role.  I had a hard time with this review - there's so much that's great about Microsoft. The biggest problem they have today is that the company promotes unqualified people to management positions (at all levels) and those managers then blindly adhere to "policies" that just don't make sense from a business standpoint.
Great pay and very talented people! A great technology environment where you actually use many of the solutions you sell. Great extra curricular activities and team outings!
Work Life Balance, New direction of company
Smart and very helpful colleagues Great projects
You can learn how big software like Windows/Office gets developed.
Very supporting environment. Great managers, mentors and career coaches. I feel valued as an employee.
Great benefits Nice managers and mentors
None that I can think of at this time.
Good pay and benefits, great opportunity to develop your business-facing skills. Decent systems. Paperless and often phone-based meetings allow for you to work-where-you-are, which is great given how much time you would otherwise spend traveling to different buildings and campuses for meetings.
good to learn MS tech for new grad, good green card support
Working with the brightest and hard working people 50% of the company is sales, marketing, operations, so you don't have to be an engineer to work at Microsoft Lots of resources to get your job done Life on campus is excellent, including a health clinic Women are paid equally The pay is better than many others
Seeing upcoming technology before others
Great Benefits and Salary/Bonus. I've been with the company for 10 years now and consistently advanced. I've also been given great opportunity to stretch and strengthen myself as an employee.
Cool technology, decent amount of freedom to move around the company if desired and beautiful campus
Microsoft offers the best of everything, and you'll have the opportunity to work on world-class problems to create world class solutions where ever you work. Amazing smart people.
* Great benefits * Lots of smart people * Great opportunity to learn * Some excellent managers that build your career
Very competitive compensation. Training includes online, internal in person, college tuition reimbursement.
There are quite a bit of effort in place to grow people, with training, different programs. There are many grassroot initiatives with Exec funding and sponsorship to build strong women community.
Benefits & Investment Options Resume Booster Flexible Work Hours (however LONG)
* great medical and benefits (but this is being trimmed) * lots of smart people around
There are no pros anymore.
Work with smart, forward thinking people. Everyday is different, great work life balance.
Creative place to work Exciting on the edge of technology
Good pay and good managers.
Smart people Good work/life balance
A lot of talent and smart people, literally. You can always find someone who knows what you need (although it requires some experience to navigate). You can also find the best team you have dreamed of if you are in the right group. And for sure Microsoft has still great benefits and perks.
Lots of smart people. Lots of opportunities to grow within the company. Great benefits. Customer focus development. Great culture. Good compensation.
Just awesome love coding in general
benefits, nice area, clean air
Nothing really at all, hoping the board finally fires SN
Smart developers, recent changes in org. are exciting. You learn a lot by staying in the engineering team as a developer.
- Comprehensive benefits - Stock options, 401k matching, etc. - Great bonuses - Not many 80-hour weeks - Managers respect your time off
Benefits, challenging work, internal movement/growth, resume enhancing, time off policy, flexible work schedules
Reputation, world-class employees and facilities, and benefits. I pinch myself every day.
Great salary structure. Good bonus for performing candidates
Environment was supportive. At least in the group that I was working on, people seemed pretty happy with their direct leadership.  If one was interested in Microsoft, now would probably be the time to join, given the shifts that are occurring. (Note: this applies mostly to software engineers, since they are gutting some positions in order to reach a certain ratio between developers and PMs.)
The environment and optimism from working at a Microsoft store is amazing.
Opportunity to impact the world. Lots of smart people to work with.
good pay, compensatice, good work life balance
Adjusting to a new market to stay relevant
Plenty of smart and talented people, great benefits, great location, some cool technology and increasingly a lot of potential for the company as a whole under Nadella.
Teams operate as a small business so there are many opportunities to contribute in different ways. Excellent health & employee benefits and still one of the best around despite some changes over the years.
Diverse, a lot of opportunities, a lot of good talent to learn from, good opportunities for career growth as an IC and as a manager.
The company is going thru a huge transformation, which creates new opportunities but also lots of uncertainty. Morale is high, excitement - overall - is even higher. You got to be in the right team, though. Very good work/life balance, but you need to manage it and deliver the expected results.
Great exposure to new technology and smart people
Strong values and leadership, will and resources to have an impact in the community and world, people encouraged and empowered to do their best most impactful work.
A very good company with lots of opportunities and very friendly policies.
Liked 90% of my colleagues. The work was usually interesting and had an impact. Pay and benefits fine. A lot of resources at your disposal. Satya is really trying to change culture, but he's turning the Titanic
Great place for people who approach their career as a project with clear milestones and goals
Interesting work, smart people Diverse groups, easy to build good skill set Smart people, fun to work with
smart people, good breadth of products
Zero good points, please read the Con. Also, I encourage potential candidates to look at the ratings that are low scores. I have noticed that when a honest feedback is given, Microsoft cronies often bombard the feedback site with high ratings to cover up the truth about their company. So, please do yourself a favor and look at the bad ratings for the truth.
Lot of technical areas to work on, Lots of new projects, good benefits, work life balance
Good benefit's, good people lots of opportunities, some exciting new products. There are significant changes happening from the Balmer years. Stack ranking IS gone, but replacement is evolving.
Nice work environment, very skilled and smart people, great career opportunities
The benefits are great: raises, stock awards, charitable gift-matching, etc. There are many very intelligent people with whom you can collaborate. Field engineers get to work from home. Great place for people who like playing with the latest and greatest tech and software.
good benefits and good colleagues. Access to technology to do your job and learn
Worked with a great team of very smart SDEs and SDETs (and other PMs) who worked tirelessly to get the job done. Egos were left at the door and it was truly a team effort.
Good compensation, good opportunities to learn
Promoted to the next level after showing significant accomplishments during the past two years. Benefits and compensation matched expectations.
Salary is OK. A lot of team to choose.
* Fast paced, varied work environment * Compensation * Benefits * Colleagues are intelligent
it is good in Benefits wise for employee
Fun place to work, usually.
Generally good benefits (though they've been cutting back in recent years). Very sharp to excellent developers, testers, and PM individual contributors to work with.
The pay and benefits are great.
Good boss, good projects, great place to work
- Base salary is very good for engineering disciplines. - Cash bonuses and stock bonuses are excellent (based solely on performance) - Health coverage is top notch (was better before Obamacare, but still great) - Huge discounts on MS products and for local businesses in the Seattle area - Free commuter services to many neighborhoods - Free coffee, soda, juice, tea - Excellent schools in Washington, good quality of life for family - No travel required for most - Very smart coworkers, most have great work ethic  At MS, you get what you work for. If you put in the extra effort, work 12-hour days, perform better than your peers, and get the necessary visibility for your contributions, then you will be rewarded well with good performance reviews. With good performance reviews comes huge merit raises, bonuses, stock, and frequent promotions.
Takes good care of employees, good work life balance. Challenging assignments.
Good work culture, you will be able to work latest and greatest that would impact PC industry
Benefits such as medical/vision/dental are still better than industry. Bonuses and stock options are still better as well.
Good competitive work and pay. Opportunity to work with and network with smart people.
Large company with different opportunities. There are a lot of different teams from OS to online service. Great Office, benefits
Smart colleagues, that too if you are lucky
People are kind in general and very helpful in analyzing your strengths and ways you can grow in those strengths. Microsoft is a study of the human psyche and how to manage stakeholders under difficult conditions. You will learn how to navigate highly complex systems and structures that weren't designed to flow together originally, using systems that aren't typically built for the purpose that you are using them. If you enjoy thinking through massive amounts of ambiguity and aren't driven to create processes to fix those systems, you will do well at Microsoft.  Microsoft is also an amazing place to build a vast network via consulting firms and FTEs at the company. You will also benefit from learning how a multitude of other companies are set up and structured. I've found this to be incredibly helpful in determining what teams and companies you would like to create one day as an entrepreneur or what places/structures you would find most valuable for employment.
new leadership appears to be breaking down the silos and setting the right course
Excellent talent to work with and driven.
A company that can start applying green card from the first on boarding day. A company that has stable income.
Pays well and good benefits. Ballmer is gone. New products seem to be gaining marketplace traction.
There are good career opportunities, compensation, room for growth Work life balance is OK, depends on team and management.
Have worked here for three years now. Great people, great corporate culture and great pay as well. I hope to work here for many more years.
Amazing management, all the way up the ladder, that is very supportive in the daily functions of the store as well as your growth in the company. Benefits, even as part time are amazing. The culture and energy is very positive and contagious. Its all about growing your knowledge, always improving and I love that the company refers to downfalls as opportunities, a positive mindset for improvement. Best retail company to work for!
Great benefits, forward thinking with technology, flexible in where/how work is done.
Lots of Perks, Free games, hardware. Get to experience what you build. Great Beta take home program
- Competitive benefits and compensation - Some co-workers are extremely passionate and intelligent - Industry leader in some product categories
High base pay with annual bonus and stock, low pressure culture, good work life balance.
My experience is in online advertising. The benefits - the ability work from home, the salary, working with a great group of smart people and the sense of community, as well as the autonomy are all great elements. Lots of resources and talent, and team building focus.
challenging work environment but interesting
Not much except for health benefits
Different teams and products you can work in. Good pay. Good diversity.
Benefits are good and flexible working hours.
Great teams, good work/life balance, intelligent employees, and nice benefits in a stable and mature tech company add up to a pleasant place to work. Ownership of the team you work with entrusts you with a lot of responsibility, as well as the autonomy to get things done.
Very very smart people in the company
Whatever you put your mind to, all the tools are there to help you get there.
Stability. Opportunities. Impact. Benefits. Numerous career paths
Great job with an amazing work life balance and smart people.
Company values, renewed hacker culture, networking opportunities, diversity of roles and opportunities, being part of a company that literally changes the world.
Good pay and benefits, lot of smart people around
Onboarding only took a month and I did it on my own
Lots of benefits Great managers Innovation People Result focused Evolving
There are a huge variety of people at Microsoft, including some super smart and effective ones. For developers, there are also jobs in many areas ranging from cloud development to operating systems.
You get plenty of benefits like free devices, betas, and other cool things. It's a technology lover's dream. Great health benefits as well.
Good pay, good benefits. People you'll work with are generally smart and qualified. The work is typically challenging. You can expect that your immediate boss can do your job better than you can. Some departments like server are very diverse, with tons of people from all over the world. Pretty short on African Americans, like every other tech company. Not a woman, so I can't comment directly, but based on my observations and conversations with women devs, "brogrammer" culture is not tolerated. Company is currently in the midst of overhauling its engineering processes. That may net out to a plus or it may not.
1. You will sufficient time for your family work. 2. You will not feel high work pressure as most of the work is going to be useless. 3. Career growth would be good if you know how to drive the thing which can highlight to higher management. You don't have to be smart or geek engineer but you have the attitude of bureaucratic manager. 4. Salary is better than most of company except few others.
The company really values top talent. if you are smart and driven to prove it YOU WILL BE REWARDED! So many intangibles Microsoft employee discounts, many cafeterias on campus, etc.
Great medical benefits and occasional perks such as new devices.
They treat people very well. Lots of outings. Everyone is incredibly smart and exhibits passion for the work. Excellent facilities for everything. The Redmond campus is a combination of university and shopping mall. Everything you can imagine is here.
Good place to work: location, compensation, smart good people, interesting job and lots of high paced innovations in many teams. Pro Sports Club is awesome and paid by company.
flexibility, resources, talented people to work with
- Some teams are great, give people lots of responsibility, and get out of the way so that they can execute. However, these teams are hard to find. - Great benefits
Microsoft takes really good care of its employees
There are still small teams where one has significant influence on ultimate outcome. Engineers can thrive in huge organizations by taking ownership of their deliverables. Great benefits, really, even with the 2014 HSA changes.
New review structure involves clear, simple, quarterly discussions with the manager. CEO is inspiring. New direction for cloud and devices makes sense. Long term strategy is good -- execution is going. Great HR perks -- Get Fit (Health) is fantastic! Tuition reimbursement is solid.
Good rewards, smart people that love what they do, good benefits, lots of teams so if you want to move internally there are many options.
By and large very high hiring bar for development. (Not sure with new conversion of SDET's to SDE's). Sustainable working hours for the most part. Some cutting edge research and product development with hard engineering problems to solve. Affordable living close to work. Good perks.
If you land in the right group and have a good manager the culture will be ok, and you will have the ability to drive your own personal development plan
Large portfolio of applications, absolutely zero micromanaging, competitive salary, extraordinary benefits, perfect work life balance
Join a "startup" group at MSFT with a good product and mission. Picking the right product makes all the difference because the people at MSFT are usually great to work with and hours are regular.
The company provides good benefits.
It's nice to work at a place where there is a budget for research and usability testing, diverse teams and skill sets can come together for adhoc project groups.
Loads of different products produced by the company so you can switch anytime and grow.
Lots of new projects. Lots of fun. The people were nice and friendly.
There is a reason people come from all over the world to work for this company. Experiences vary widely depending on your group, boss and co-worker. Mine were always positive. And I LOVED that MS matched my giving to non-profits. The benefits and perks are beyond amazing.
There are some amazingly talented people at Microsoft and working with them is a pleasure. The sales environment is getting more high-pressure, but still nothing like what you hear from other places. They froze S-plan (sales people) base salaries and upped OTE by 8%, I believe, but the quotas are getting staggering. Everyone on my team has a quota over $10M. You can make a comfortable living and have good work-life balance.
Excellent compensation, benefits and perks.
Talented people to work with. Good work space compared to other tech companies. Great work life balance. Lots of opportunities to move around the company. Good transparency.  Management is working in positive direction by removing the stack ranking, making inter company transfers easier, setting clear goals, creating good scope to collaborate and providing a better direction. Lots of potential and good positive energy with the new CEO.
Excellent benefits and perks. Great means to learn new areas.
Lots of gadgets and technology to work with. Development and test teams are usually very knowledgable.
It's a great place to learn and evolve your career. Plenty of opportunities to explore other areas. Also Microsoft is evolving... I'm starting to hear and see dramatic changes in some basics that I though I'd never see... it's pretty exciting to see and cheer along.
The benefits package is very good. Great work life balance. There is great flexibility in the way you dress, work timings, etc.
a lot of teams to try
Great variety of products where (in theory) you can choose where to work. Amazing work/life balance. Fair compensation.
Good products and great people to work with.
Benefits were the best in the area. Nice campus with great cafes. Parking is easy, and the connectors made the commute somewhat bearable.
Great environment to grow, nurturing and positive.
Large company with large number of opportunities to gain experience, excellent compensation package, Challenging environment pushes you to produce good work.
Benefits are good, overall salary package is good
Great people managers who understand how to give their employees excellent work-life balance. Challenging projects to work on that affect the lives of often tens, or even hundreds of millions of customers. Great changes in the last year to fix culture problems and crazy inefficiencies where the same thing would be built independently by different teams. A removal of leadership who led to the creation of poorly-received products. Incredible freedom to move between product groups to try new things with management that supports such moves.
Much of what's been said about the company is true - it's a fascinating and often challenging place to work with smart people on tough problems or cool products that impact or are used by millions of users. When it's good, it's great. I worked on internal-facing/supporting teams and released products and they were both gratifying. The changes during Satya's tenure are promising, but not with impact. The culture is good, but there's still a lot of "old skool" and elitist thinking. I had a great career there, was well compensated, and provided plenty of opportunities to learn and have an impact.
- A lot of support for young college hires to gain experience and get your foot into the career - Culture is changing. Satya is really getting our culture direction is the right direction
The great experience and advancement in my understanding of how to utilize my time and manage creation and complete tasks
Very smart people with genuine attitude of team building and team success
Everyday is a new learning at work. The people around, especially the individual contributors, are mostly very smart and there is hardly any day when you don't feel like you are not being challenged.
Microsoft has a great benefit package, the salary is above market and it is located in a beautiful campus in Redmond. One of the best perks are the paternity leave, the awesome gym, and the connector system.  The salary packages are very attractive since you will get a nice base salary but also you will get bonus and stocks.
Pay is great Great work life balance Challenging work
work-life balance, challenging, encouraging environment
Cares about employees. Continually improving.
Microsoft has its hands in so many things that you can really do anything that you would want to here as an engineer. There are amazing people to learn from and the opportunity is huge.
Working on the main campus is like being in your own little world. Walking paths, athletic fields, cafeterias, even places to shop since the Commons was opened. Office culture varies with the group you're in, so your experience may be better or worse than mine. Work life balance was generally very good in my group, but changes in upper management had degraded that in the last year. Overall, I was still happy to be at work every day, liked my co-workers, and felt lucky to have the job I did.
Good work life balance, great benefits, great people
Smart people, many very motivated. Working with them can be humbling.  In Redmond at least where I work: medical center, library, nice campus, amenities for cyclists (showers towels bike tools), the makers garage (free use of 3D printers, laser cutters, etc.)
The Brand Name. The employee-friendliness. The sheer romance of working for the biggest software company in the world. The variety of roles you *could* get a chance to work in. The chance to see the world... travel to countries where mere services work wouldn't let you normally. There are more...
A new and exciting vibe with new products and new leadership.
I had the opportunity of working on interesting projects with smart people. Also comes with great benefits. I would recommend.
Great company, good environment, cool work
Diverse and vast opportunities for growth. Good benefits.
It is an awesome company to work for. Looks great in resume. Benefits are great. Most offices are really nice and new. Very friendly to the idea of WFH
Smart, talented people. Good benefits, people working hard
A great place to learn and grow your skills. Good rewards. Good work/life balance.
Great starting pay for entry level retail positions. Great retail team. Good benefits even for part time job. Flexible management team. Bonus pay if store makes high sales. They pay for some college classes if it benefits Microsoft. 10% employee discount, At&t/Verizon discount, Lenovo discounts and a employee store portal.
Lots of opportunity for professional growth, encouraged to work across the company and teams in a variety of roles Great benefits Really smart people to work along side Work/Life balance is good and entirely up to you make it what you want it to be
Friendly, collaborative and exciting work environment
Challenging environment Full of twists and turns
Fantastic chance to learn a growing business in technology retail. Trainers are always in the store monitoring your performance. This helps to assist your growth in your position. Learn the basics on face-to-face retail sales. Develop yourself at your own level, show leadership you can perform challenging tasks, and you will shine and be considered for a promotion in the area of interest. There appears to be not official ladder of movement so explore your interests and strive for success.
Good compensation and work environment. Good opportunities if you have the right mojo and are assertive... willing to push your idea up the chain to get buy-in.
Great compensation & benefits. Certain parts of the company are good.
Microsoft pays well and offers good benefits, and there is a lot of prestige that comes with working at such a famous company.
Great learning experience, always learning something new. Ability to utilize the latest versions of software. Working with very smart people. Lots of learning resources available to employees.
Microsoft really cares about employees, growing them and setting them up for long term success. I spent over 8 years at Microsoft, worked with some of the smartest people I have met, had a lot of independence, and the work was really fulfilling. Hours were sometimes long but rarely crazy. Pay is excellent. Benefits are among the best in software companies (I would pick top notch health care, tuition reimbursement, prime discounts and legal plans over free dry cleaning and free food any day).
Dynamic and fast-paced work environment (never mundane) Brilliant and inspirational co-workers Incredible benefits and perks Competitive salary and bonus plans Refreshing and innovative culture which promotes creativity and collaboration Strong investment in your growth through trainings and conferences
Truly smart people work there. The resources are enormous compared to other companies. For the most part people are empowered to do great work and you can make an impact at the global level.
Excellent training, learning and solid collaboration across platform groups are huge key factors that make work enjoyable. Excellent benefits
So much opportunity to learn and grow at this company. Take advantage of opportunities to move around, try new roles, work with smart people, grow your skills.
working at volt I got to say I have worked for microsoft
Its ok place to work - get lots of experience and smart folks to work with
Work life balance. You can go through work without much effort.
There are some amazing people here. Don't get me wrong, there are some awful people as well. But, there teams where you can be really happy and enjoy just about everything you do without burning out in 6 months. And, with the org flattening that occurred, lots of the "bad" middle managers are gone.
Great things to work on, great people to work with and a traditionally generous benefits package when it comes to healthcare.
Great place to learn and network Truly the smartest people I've ever worked with, trying to do the right thing great benefits and vacation great opportunities to give back to the community and the world
Perks perks perks. It is a great place to work, if you want to be well-paid, enjoy great benefits, if you can just put up with massive loads of bureaucracy and take part or build fiefdoms. I left MS and thoroughly enjoy the new company where it is extremely flat, leaders are approachable and organization has a strategy that a. makes sense b. everyone takes seriously. I cannot say any of those things about MS.
Lots of very smart coworkers.
Great Energy, great passion, great people. I loved working at the company for my first 13 of 15 years, the people is the reason I stayed so long.
work life balance is good. great benefit. alot of smart people. considerable salaries for principle level.
There are many smart people you'll see and work with. You can learn a lot from them. There are many different groups inside Microsoft where you can change the direction of your career with an internal transfer. Great amenities: commons mall and the library. Good discounts at the company store. Health benefits got worse over time but still very good. Access to gym is a plus. They generally support work/life balance, that might change from product to product.
Good team, opportunity to grow
Pay - benefits, food, buildings are nice
Great people and team, great place to learn, flexible working hours and can work remotely, good benefit.
Good work culture .. . ..
Benefits, Compensation, Work-life balance is ok
The benefits package can't be beat. Also, the pay is really good, with nice merit increases and bonuses every year (if you deserve them). A recent improvement was changing the performance review system to no longer include the bell curve. There are lots of opportunities for growth, and if you don't like the team you're on or are looking for a change, there's usually another position at Microsoft you can jump to (and it's encouraged).
Good benefits - health insurance is good (but was better as a PPO before being a high deductible HSA), free sodas, choice of wellness benefits (fancy gym membership or money for sports extracurriculars), on sight locker rooms with towel service, charity giving match, opportunities for free products, reduced cost software.  If you get on a good team they become like a second family (which is good because work life balance can be bad - see cons).  Fair and reasonable time off -- 3 weeks vacation to start, with an extra week at 6 years, and another at 12, 10 sick days, 2 floating holidays, plus 8 company holidays. Many managers are willing to be flexible if you need a half day, or run out of sick time to let you make it up in other ways.  Commute options are good - free parking, complimentary bus pass, plus company run shuttle service (The Connector)
Use of latest technology. Good perks.
Some parts of the company have really good people and really nurturing environment. In these teams work is a joy, and you will look forward to coming to work every day.
Connector & support of alternative methods of getting to work, flexibility and support of working from wherever you are. Employees get the latest technology/software. Healthcare benefits & gym memberships
Compensation is competitive vs market
Perception of good benefits, Perception of some level of order & direction
People, benefits, location. Hard problems, great scope and scale, limitless budget. It was easy to get traction in teams when you had good ideas and plans to execute. Working across groups can be a challenge but I found people to be very focused on the common goals and overall easy to work with.
The benefits have been watered down from what they used to be, but still are very good. The deductible at the beginning of the year is high, but MS contributes and I've never had a problem finding a doctor that's part of the system. The company culture varies from division to division, but generally its supportive and cooperative. There are cases where people were promoted that I didn't feel should have been, but they were fairly rare so by in large, promotions were earned and justified. Even more rare were the cases where someone should have been promoted and wasn't. When I was promoted, the benefits were good, generally a 3-5% salary increase (+ merit on top of that), 15%+ bonus (depending on level), and equity shares. As for people, I worked with a lot of different teams and I didn't get along with everybody, but I always felt the vast majority of people were very smart and talented.
I came to Microsoft from a $40B ecommerce company and was absolutely stunned by the size of the environment here. For any discipline, if you get hired, it is assumed you know/understand the technology. The challenge is how to design/deploy/manage that technology at cloud scale. I've experienced operational events that I've never even imagined, and feel like I can walk into just about any other environment and not be phased by anything.
Lots of opportunities for personal growth, pretty decent work-life balance, culture used to be competitive but now is slowly becoming more collaborative
Lots of opportunities for personal growth, pretty decent work-life balance, culture used to be competitive but now is slowly becoming more collaborative
Scale of business, internal job market and fast pace. Lots of upside
At Microsoft you get a lot of opportunities to work on established projects where you can impact real end users. If you do get on a start-up type of team, you are well protected in the warm corporate womb of cash flow, and you will have a lot of freedom to innovate.  Of course the benefits are king. I think it dates back to the hey day of Microsoft dominance, and I don't expect that to last forever, but it's been a very nice starting boost to my finances work here as my first company.  The company is going through necessary changes without which it would definitely die a slow death (even though there is cash to burn for years). I know these are painful changes for a lot of people who were laid off. However from the longer term strategy perspective as well as the impact to my personal day to day, I think these changes are mostly positive and from what I can tell, many of my co-workers do as well.  Despite what you may feel about Microsoft's stack from a technical perspective, you can't deny they have made a huge impact on computing. They were first company in many ways to exemplify the power of software to the world. There is the attitude here of wanting to make software to make the world a better place.
Microsoft is one of those places where of you can dream it you can build it. They really encourage you to be creative and innovative as much as possible. I really love that about this company!
Best reason to work there is being part of leading edge technology.
Lots of smart and driven people. Company has lots of resources to support new ventures and self-directed learning. Name recognition is second to none in the software industry.
Great Products and cutting edge technology to work on, impacting many people
great benefits, long term planning
Solid company, very sound financially, lots of resources and very nice perks (own bus fleet, free bicycle tune ups, free top notch gym, good healthcare package)
You can work remotely. Meaning you can work anywhere. You basically set your own schedule to deal with clinets. The bonuses after completion of projects is a plus
Ability to work independently and maintain good work life balance varies, and will depend on how mature your manager is and his/her command of the respective domain knowledge. Also with constant re-orgs, it's hard to keep goals in sight.
Talent, Innovation, Culture, Technology, Career Oppertunities
there are lots of great opportunities at Microsoft and it's easy to move around. Not all teams are great, but there are many great teams there!
good working environment, good benefits
rewarding place to learn new technologies and contribute to highly visible products
The company is filled with smart, passionate people working on a wide variety of products. There's room to move between products and up the ladder... to a point.
Industry leading benefits and good overall comp package. Job stability and security, for those willing to adopt to MSFT culture of 'playing nice' with others at the expense of getting anything done.
Ok benefits. Able to more or less choose your own work hours. Generally good work-life balance.
Smart people , Forums , Big community , Benefits
Updated review process that aligns with both individual and group activity/impact.
reputation is good. nice working env. smart ppl. payment is ok. nice work-life balance.
Compensation and benefits are excellent. Opportunities to move around into different roles and industries.
good work life balance, satisfying pay compared to work hours
Moving to a twice a year stock award
Access to latest and greatest. Wide variety of opportunities and challenges. Good people work there and are typically open to collaboration.
Scope and scale of work is awesome
Great pay and benefits relative to other companies in the Seattle Area. Lots of opportunities. Good work/life balance
Great benefits, competitive pay, many different technologies, chance to impact billions of people.
Talented People. Great work place you can learn a lot. Above average salary. Benefits are good (medical, fitness, commute). Some benefits seems great but you will never use it. Lot of free soda and free stuff.
Good pay for work. Good work/life balance dependent on role
company has global scale and dreams big - full of very smart, talented people. Great place to learn best practices in management and leadership development
The work I do is challenging and interesting. The company offers great benefits. The work-life balance is good in my current team. It wasn't good in my previous team. The compensation is also good.
I love working with passionate and smart people, who are driven to deliver really good products that customers will love. I love the benefits and perks, which are stock, cash bonuses, prime discounts all over the place, gorgeous campus etc. Flexi time is one of my favourites, no one cares when you are in the office as long as you can deliver.
Global reach. Exposure to all aspects of technology (consumer, enterprise, security, development, etc.)
Great medical coverage. Large searchable database of code, if you don't know how to use a method you can look at multiple implementations. Company store sells MS software at a great (cheap) price. You work with really smart people.
quality of work, learning opportunities
Strong compensation, opportunities for advancement, and passionate workforce
Flexible, good benefits, competitive/challenging environment, work with smart people (IQ wise), a lot of learning through every day experiences. It's great to be part of a company building the world's future and current technology - great impact.. Good place to learn and build solid technical, analytical, management, business skills.
Having Microsoft in your resume Salary is at or slightly above industry average
More than in the past, now with new CEO in place, things are likely to head in the right direction. Will always be a leader in enterprise software/services space. Overall benefits are great. You can have great work - tied to proactive career planning and good dose of luck.
Work with some great talented folks, access to technology that billions of people use everyday, now that is something. Lots of teams to move around, so you could have been at the company for 10, 15 years and still feel like there's plenty of new things to do and learn.  Pretty good benefits, although medical isn't as great it once was (still good tho, or so I hear from folks who used to be at MS). The Connector (private bus service) is one of the hidden gems, unmatched by any company in Seattle, if you commute 20 miles to and fro daily like me, you will know how awesome this one is.
- Very good salary. - Good bonuses if your peers allow it. - A lot of flexibility in your time management. - If you are a horn tooter you will succeed.
It was a good company and it was my dream company.
This company offers amazing benefits, achieves high community contributions in both money and time, and possesses both the technology and intellect to become the leader in the cloud-based future.
Great benefits that would be hard to beat anywhere else. Salaries were in line for the most part of what I know of outside of the company in my area.
Benefits, and change of culture that is coming back to it's root but with different seedings. Promises yet to come but it will come.
Good people good products good culture
Flexibility Growth opportunities Benefits OKAY Projects are challenging
Benefits/Perks, location, smart people to work with
Good benefits Career development opportunities Ability to navigate and move around the company Smart people Exciting vision and place to be
Flexible hours. You are able to make your own hours once you've proven yourself. Compensation is above average but work life balance is great- they're not tied up on any red tape either. Outstanding corporate citizen- best in class. Can't say enough about this- and it starts from the top...
Microsoft is a gigantic company doing business mostly in enterprise. It has the best salesman in the world to keep Windows and Office still in the game even now, and keeps trying to enter new markets such as mobile and cloud. Very competent colleagues and ambitious managers. Compensation is good, but not top. Promotion is good if you are always top of the performance chart.
One of the best things about Microsoft is that you are working with smart, motivated people all the time. You will find great challenges and be inspired by your peers on a daily basis. I'm always growing and learning. This can be untrue in certain teams, but in general I've found this to be true for most of the teams I've worked with.  Loads of opportunity to try new things. I've worked on many different products and gained experience in multiple roles. You can truly change your career while staying in the comfort of the same company.
Increasingly well-run. Willing to make big changes. Competing hard in many areas, refusing to give up on mobile space and tablets.
flexible hours, great benefits & pay
Very Good Health Insurance Very well recognized Good base salary
Diversity of products and platforms to work on
great benefits, work-life balance is what you make it if you are in a non-technical role. Microsoft is big on career development and provides multiple courses and encourages participation.
ample opportunities to grow and take on new challenges
> Breadth and depth of opportunities. > Potential to move around company. > Interesting, important products.
Highly intellectual environment, compensation and benefits are on par with competitors
Excellent benefits and pay. A lot of perks and discounts. Very focused on giving back, unbelievable matching program.
One of the best things about working at Microsoft is the people - you are surrounded by smart, motivated people. There are lots of challenges and unique problems to solve, and you are always growing and learning from your peers.  Some teams more than others have tolerance for trying new things more than others but the culture is definitely changing to embrace new ideas and ways to build software. Also shifting to more customer focused solutions and where the market is heading.  Great work life balance in most groups, compensation, and benefits.
People are friendly and the IC culture is great. Having a personal office is amazing (although this is going away in the future I'm betting). Projects are challenging and it's nice to have an impact...
Flexible schedule, a chance to see what it is like to work for a global company
great working environment, innovative culture
Rewarding atmosphere and good compensation for retail. Plenty of perks and good benefits.
It's a blast to work at scale as a Systems Engineer - and chances are, this is as big a scale as you'll ever operate! Managing global scale incidents, and being a part of delivering a really big product is exciting. You will hone some skills here- but just what they are will depend entirely on where you end up.
Flexibility, growth opportunities, great exposure
Lots of intelligent people all around you. In most cases, you will be affecting change in the industry that's visible to the world.
Lots of intelligent people all around you. In most cases, you will be affecting change in the industry that's visible to the world.
Good benefits - probably the best in the area Given the wide product range, you have the choice to work in a wide variety of areas. Lots of senior people. Family friendly.
Our company direction is the correct one. The benefits are very good. The work life balance is there but you must take advantage in the "down" times.
You can have work life balance. Compensation is good
Personal Growath opportunities are lot. There are so many products and application, you can work on as much challenging stuff as you want.
It's a nice working environment.
Great company values Very smart people and many opportunities to make a big impact New CEO is fantastic
Satya is bringing in lots of change and it's too soon to tell whether it's for better or worse. Benefits are still excellent, even for an hourly employee like me. It's still VERY DIFFICULT to move from an Admin/Hourly job to a non-hourly role. It can take years to get promoted and there is a definite glass ceiling if you start(ed) as an hourly employee.
Great work life balance, compensation, benefits, and potential bonus/stock based on performance.
Overall a great place to work with a very extensive breadth of opportunities for career growth.
By in large the people are smart and committed to joint success. The pay seems good. Benefits are great, although changes in health benefits mean that it is no longer 'the best', it's still top tier. The majority of Microsoft people work hard and want to succeed. You get the best technology you need to do your job. There are many different types of jobs, careers and professions. From entertainment to productivity to business process software to hardware. This means you can change teams/divisions and have very different experiences and build different knowledge. In some ways it's like "many companies in one", in a good way. Whilst all companies struggle with diversity in high tech Microsoft does feel better than many. It has more to do but is doing well and headed in the right direction on most diversity fronts.
Great benefits Good pay Flexibility Some areas of the company are good Smart co-workers
Good benefits, relatively easy to move between divisions, if you are good and luck you'll work with great people.
bright, inspiring people opportunity for advancement great products
International colleagues Good benefits & salary
The bulk of the benefits are very good: vacation, flexible hours, and a focus on your growth. Management is generally invested in people (but the company is big, so YMMV).
Great benefits, smart people, Awesome work culture, awesome impact
Honestly, the main Pros for working at Microsoft have to do with the work life balance and the benefits. There's a good amount of drinking/joking on the job, which can actually be viewed as a good or a bad thing depending on who you ask (mostly good when done responsibly in my opinion). The people are generally pretty smart and fun to be around though there's waay too many who have become or just are complacent and lack the motivation to be better at their jobs.
Good benefits, decent pay, smart people
The total compensation and benefits are good
Benefits are good. A variety of products and services, so you have many choices based on your interests. Many smart people from which you can learn a lot and grow.
Sales leader manage employees, benefits
Competitive environment and more challenges.
There are a lot of different products being worked on. Benefits are decent
Plenty of opportunities abound, however in today's MSFT, it's a tremendous crap shoot with your career. If your goal is to further a reputation for strategic thinking and innovative leadership, move on. This is a culture of narcissism, like it or not. And the intimate fraternity of decision makers are too thrown by playing catch up with the customer-centric nature of the real world. If you're young and need the brand on your resume, go for it. Put in your 3-4 years, start a nice 401K, get your "M"BA and bid adieu. This company can still serve as a useful training treadmill for knowing what to look out for in the world of yesterday's ego-maniac tech giants.
My first experience with Microsoft was in 1988, so I've seen a lot of change over the years. - Great people to work with. - Compensation package is great. - Big company with a lot of breadth so there are lots of opportunities to try on new roles, new organizations and new projects.
good benefits, fair wages, interesting work
Some fun and intelligent colleagues. Great compensation package (to try and make up for all the deficiencies).
The work place is so much fun and my coworkers are great! There is so much to learn everyday. As a product advisor, communication between each potential buyer is key and these skills are developed through coaching from managers and each other PA.
Stable, benefits are (still, used to be even better) very good for people with families, many projects company is working on, so you can change things up without leaving the company
Dynamic company with a lot of innovative technology and interesting projects.
Good training and getting better support for the discipline. Good overall benefits for employees but fewer jobs available now due to restructuring. Top-notch people who are smart and dedicated to their roles. Always exciting challenges to work on.
good work life balance and used to have good talents.
Lots of interesting features to design and implement
Good base salary with stock awards and 401k matching. Always learning something new. Gained lots experience in multiple roles. Huge discounts on MS software. Prime Discounts and products and services.
There are many different teams in Microsoft that spans various project/technologies - which makes it easy for anyone to move around to work on different things and gain different exposure
Quick progression at the lower levels. Your rewards are entirely based on your performance,
Smart and reputable people, hard problems to solve.
Great pay for our region
I enjoyed working in an environment where everyone on the team had an immense amount of pride and dedication to the product. Very supportive management, generous salary and perks, and Microsoft has global brand recognition.
Get to work with some very smart people.
Lots of interesting features to design and implement
Good compensation, benefits, good people and teammates.
Working with smart people, build technical skills based on Microsoft technology, good benefits, reasonable salary
Quick progression at the lower levels. Your rewards are entirely based on your performance,
Good career path for someone in my position. Learned a lot
There is so much to learn from working at Microsoft. I became a much better employee both technically and professionally because of my experience. Very nice work environment including private offices which are becoming more and more rare. Looks great on your resume.
Professional, thorough, broad assessment, timely
- Good benefits and health care plan. - Starting to embrace cloud first, mobile first mantra - Smart engineers
Salary, benefits, technology is cutting edge, so many different products to work on
Good place to learn new skills. Nice perks and benefits. Somewhat flexible work hours. Large variety of groups if you want to move around.
Flexibility, Benefits, Enormous possibilities to learn and contribute
Smart people all around, nice salary, nice city, and generally you can finish the job within normal working hours. And the supporting team is great.
Company is willing to take risk and invest in innovation. Strong benefits, stock awards, and competitive salary levels plus the ability to work with a lot of smart people.
Historically, a great environment that strives for a positive work-life balance. Great benefits, lots of opportunities for personal and professional growth. The new review policy still appears to be somewhat unproven, but has great possibilities. I enjoyed going to work, most days.
Industry leadership position for my division means room for grooming fresh ideas. Strong team work, abundance of high intellect, and great working atmosphere.
The size of the company allows one to gain broad business experience in many areas. The team members are generally quite collaborative with the new HR rating system in place. Lot's of opportunities to experience overseas travel and work assignments.
Cannot think of any. Everything looks goo.d
Lots of great products to work on, Diversity in culture, high potential because of the smart people in there, great integration story possible
Compensation, benefits. Ability to learn from talented co-workers. Collaborative environment within smaller teams.
Microsoft has one of the best employee benefits and pay in the industry. The company is going through a transformation and moving towards open communications enabling effective cross team collaboration, reducing middle management, and bringing back strong customer focus.
You work with some of the brightest people in the business, you work on cutting edge technology and work on products that millions use. New CEO, Satya, is invigorating the company with fresh ideas.
Good company, good benefits, treats employees well.
Amazing product, Smart colleagues, awesome compensation and benefits. Opportunity to learn and grow almost any software technology
Good workplace with lots of employee benefits
- Many opportunities inside of company - Not so hard to move one position to another - Rich set of technology portfolio - A lot of smart people - Great pay
Salary, work and life balance, the campus and skills you adquire
I work with very high caliber engineers, People are smart and all have good intention. I learned a lot of engineering fundamentals from them. Also, there is not very much politics going on among the engineers to just climb the corporate ladder.
Lots of Benefits. Salary is good. Bonuses and stock awards annually. I've worked with some really good people.
Solid salary, good benefits (used to be great), lots of opportunity to learn, a new wave of excitement with new executive management
Diversity, work-life balance, flexibility, benefits, a lot of smart people. New CEO, fresh vision.
Decent pay given that it is in Seattle which is much cheaper to live than SF. Average benefits. Very good work/life balance from what I observe.
Most people work 8-5, understand life commitments. Business software isn't going away, which makes the job feel more stable (despite the recent layoffs). Great salary, especially considering the region (your income will likely be in the top 15% for the state of ND as a software engineer).
good working environment, like schools
Great company, good people, and tech faint.
Seems like we're picking a single direction instead of all of them. This could be good.
Medical Benefits, Pro Club membership
I made a huge international network that I continue to use daily. Time off for babies was fine, and I liked that it could be extended so as to add up to 12 weeks (paid and unpaid).
good work life balance flexible working hour
Flexible Work schedule, WW experience, no travel
Good Company to work with, lots of opportunities and you are given complete freedom to work the way you want. They are also ready to hear your thoughts and ideas even though your are at the junior most level in the company.
You are working with the smartest people on earth, culture is great and there is a lot of respect between developers PMs, testers and UX people. Compensation is good and they really take care of the employees.
> Free coffee in the mornings > The people here are relatively nice on the surface, i.e. they hide their evil deep inside their shallow souls > You get to help Microsoft maintain its nasty monopoly on the desktop computers and push its buggy spyware to its consumers
With the diversity in Microsoft and the ability to move across teams, disciplines and geographies is liberating. For all the hate Microsoft may get it has mostly positive, smart and understanding leaders.
Great benefits and access to tons of resources. Engineering teams are brilliant and fun to work with. Diverse set of products to work on.
Despite year over year reductions, benefits are good, particularly for families. They also have a few nice perks, though not as much as Google or Facebook. You can learn a lot here when you are starting out.
Great people, Good work life balance, Decent benefits. Benefits are tending to diminish now though. If you are in the right team - with the right people - it can be a very rewarding experience.
Microsoft used to be the kind of company where you could really excel with original thinking and hard work.
BIG, SLOW, Easy and no sense of markets or competition
Great responsibility in work for marketers Great work life balance
Amazingly dedicated team with bunch of people that not only work on the field but that LOVE to work there, good salary, good benefits and great team work / community
If you ever decide you're bored with a given technology or modality you have tons of opportunities to move around and try something new.
As a company Microsoft has great benefits and good pay. It’s a beautiful campus (soccer and softball fields, sand volleyball courts, trails etc…). Microsoft also has a lot of products. It is one of the few companies where you can work on an OS, developer tools, database engines, cloud services and games. If you get tired of working on one product you can move teams to work on something entirely different. You also get the opportunity to work with really smart people who have the same passion and technical interests that you do. Building software is Microsoft’s business. It’s not an IT or hardware shop it is a software company.
Work life balance Competitive benefits Community giving matches Career development
Flexible time, work life balance is up to you. Lots of great technology, so much more than is discussed in the media.
Lots of smart people, Fantastic benefits. The work hours are flexible.
- Challenging and motivating environment - Smart people and great resources - Excellent benefits
Excellent pay and benefits. Good work-life balance, depending on the group you're in. All the tech resources are at your fingertips. Love working with the variety of people from different cultures and backgrounds.
Great well-rounded, smart people. Good work-life balance.
+ People are insanely smart, some of them legendary. + There is virtually no limit in terms of learning opportunities, professional growth and career advancement. + Everyone gets own office! + Benefit is one of the best in the industry, period.
+ People are insanely smart, some of them legendary. + There is virtually no limit in terms of learning opportunities, professional growth and career advancement. + Everyone gets own office! + Benefit is one of the best in the industry, period.
Benefits are great, some level of independence when you do field work, get to talk to experts from within which you won't find anywhere else
Microsoft does take "work / life balance" seriously. I enjoyed putting my family first in many situations and was never given a second thought.
* Family oriented culture * Great benefits * On-par compensation but can improve some
Compensation and having Microsoft in your resume
Relaxed and great pay and benefits.
Highly competitive environment Very high growth opportunity
Salary, growth opportunities, lower management was fun and productive to work with
Relatively stable but things have changed lately
Salary competitive, benefits A-grade, reasonable work life balance, good work environment, supportive team members for your learning, leading tech projects.
Work-life balance can be okay if you manage it. There are some great people who still work there, but many have left over the years.
Very smart and dynamic people who care about producing great products and software.
Microsoft has good brand in both enterprise and customer markets. There are a lot of smart people around.
The benefits package is good, the people are smart, and the products are great. It was good to work with one of the top software companies in the world.
Workplace is very organized, good benefits, employees treated very well by managers and the CEO, and co-workers are really nice.
Working with smart knowledgeable is the best reason to work at Microsoft. Microsoft also has a big focus on engineering. You will learn a lot from both the people you work with and about engineering software.
Lots of learning opportunities, great benefits, good colleagues.
Many groups to choose from and grow your career path Smart and intellectual people Technology Leader that wants to make a difference
Vast number of projects to work on in multiple countries. Pay is consistently in the top 75% percentile. Flexible work hours. For engineers, there's a vast number of levels to grow, which is far different than competitors like Amazon. IC's can potentially earn as much as a VP with the number of levels for growth. Overall, this is a great company for career growth. Pay is 100% performance based now, and favors collaboration over politics. Stack ranking is dead!
A great place to learn with some of the smartest people in the business
Incredible benefits, beautiful campus, kind people, amazing innovations, huge opportunities ahead for this company
Smart people, great benefits, opportunity to work on big challenging problems.
Great work life balance. Great benefits.
You meet some really smart people that care a lot about delivering a good product
Great engineering training - technically and otherwise. Technical problems are interesting due to the number of offerings. The 'otherwise' problems are those emblematic of a large-cap company.
They have a great compensation package, and many teams have a fun atmosphere. Anywhere you work, you can find incredible talent to learn from and grow.
This job is great for career and relationship building
Scope of what you can work on is huge and the ability to move around and learn more is great as long as you are in good standing. There are plenty of places to eat on campus and the commute is relatively inexpensive due to free parking and shuttle (if you can get a seat). The company is largely staffed by very talented engineers, for the most part. Get on a team that has a clear mission to solve customer pain and you can have a great time and learn a lot. As with all large companies, career progression tends to follow the calendar so don't expect to get promoted every year unless you align with a benefactor who can push you along. Even then, the further you move up, the fewer seats there are and the more entrenched long-termers you end up having to compete with for the next gig.
Good Quality People, training and a lot of perks
Microsoft cares about your work/life balance and does a great job keeping you happy.
Cool people that you can work with. pay is good.
At Microsoft you're expected to be a self-starter and in charge of directing your own career. You drive you career as aggressively or slow-paced as you prefer. Work-life balance does exists, but it really depends again on how aggressively you want to drive your career here. If you have a great idea, you are encouraged to pursue it. Management is supportive of coming up with new and creative ways of doing this. People managers are more like coaches than "bosses" and generally follow sound management principles.  If you can "navigate" in this matrixed organization and can deal with not having all the answers but still being expected to try you best to come up with a solution then you will be happy here!  The people here are brilliant. Super smart and really friendly. They are genuinely interested in helping you move your career forward and will help you in any way that they can. You can easily find mentors and make connections here.  The Benefits are great! Free gym membership, premium healthcare insurance, and a lot more.
When I joined Microsoft in 1992, it was one of the most innovative companies in the world. Lots of fascinating work with very talented people who had a very strong drive for results. I was extremely well compensated with stock options, stock grants, salary and bonus. I created 8 new products and was awarded 36 patents that generated over $2 billion in verifiable incremental revenue for Microsoft.
Awesome benefits, so so pay. Good mobility within company.
Great benefits, beautiful campus, and any needed resources are easy to obtain. Everyone you work with is smart., Work life balance is obtainable.
If you are the type of person who is looking to always be better, this is the place to be. Microsoft offers infinite ways to grow as a professional for those who are proactive.
Benefits for families, preventative health, and pay. Lots of smart people to learn from - good and bad. Ability to experience difference things and teams.
Lot of smart people, exciring opportunities
+ good benefits + decent salary + annual bonus
Benefits are good, salaries and package is ok. Changing positions and areas inside is not difficult.
Great company Excellent benefits Encounter great minds.
I just started at the company about 3 months ago but had worked as a consultant for almost 3 years prior to converting to FTE. I really love the new strategy and the new CEO. Collaboration and partnership are finally valued at Microsoft which is awesome. I work with highly intelligent, motivated people who want to do the right thing. The work itself is challenging and I am learning something new everyday. I am compensated well.
almost nothing, really nothing good to say
Fair work life balance. Great benefits and compensation. Office culture is healthy and usually fun. The Connector bus! Free bus pass! Environmentally conscience
Microsoft cares for you and wants you to be successful
Good benefits, even though health care is becoming expensive. Amazing talks at Microsoft Research, mainly by invited guests. Huge company so there is the possibility to change roles quite easily. The pay is quite good especially because the main location is in WA. Great bus that brings you all over campus. Some new cool Microsoft devices.
culture, compensation, people, weather, work
Training, very good technical skills. Large scale products and impacts. Working with smart people really makes you feel smooth and challenged enough. And work/life balance is fairly good compare other tech companies.
Great company and good benefits
Great people to work with if you can live with bureaucratic management.  Company care about people and it is one of few Software Company i have seen people working for more than 15 year in the company.
OK pay if you are willing to not compare it to companies which are doing better in the stock market. Some interesting technology to play with. Some of the people care about helping you grow.
Nice pay, many amenities on campus, and it looks great on your resume. These are things I experienced both as an intern and FTE.
Good employee benefits, free drinks
You feel you have an impact. Good Company
Good pay, good benefits, challenging, not boring. Potential to have lots of impact.
Benefits, Health Insurance, Located in Seattle,
Work-Life Balance, People, Culture - commitment to long-term success, focus on short term revenue,
Benefits are good, some divisions have a laid back culture.
I love don't just live say I that you are can be found at in this country to the point of view and the
Work on cool technology with really smart people.
Work on cool technology with really smart people.
work-life balance, perks, compensation, time-off for new parents
Get to work on interesting things. Benefits aren't bad. Free Soda. discounts at the company store.
Microsoft hires to high standards and the people are smart, well-qualified, ambitious and hardworking. There is plenty of opportunity to learn every day. There are a lot of different products, so when folk wants a change, often the most interesting work is in another group in the company.
You'll work with really smart people The benefits, if no longer excellent, are still better than average If you work in the greater Northwest, the campus is very nice Still innovating . . . in some areas New CEO starting off well
There's a great company culture at Microsoft of family first, innovation, independence and hard work. Everyone really loves the company and the first-level managers are great. The company is very focused on career growth and making sure you are always looking forward. They are very flexible about work hours, locations, etc. as long as you get the job done. The people are amazing!  The new CEO, Satya is really rallying the company and is doing great things. Old establishment is changing (albeit slowly)
Looks great on your resume
many opportunities and lots of resource in the company
1. Good work life balance 2. Personal office 3. A large company have different teams working on different things, and it's very easy to do internal transfer, so you could get your hands on a lot of different areas.
The work is very interesting. Lots of resources to help you accomplish your task. The pay is good and they give good bonuses and non pay compensation
Compensation is on higher compared to other fortune 50 companies.
Good benefits. Company has large revenue so is a relatively safe place to work.
Smart company, great benefits, great pay. When you say, you work at Microsoft, people think that it is a great job.
Work with smart people. Flexible work hours. Good salary, benefits. Good work-life balance. They supported me going back to school part time to further my education. Lots of interesting products to work on.
Great perks and benefits for all FTEs.
It used to be a good place to work. The compensation is still not bad. The health benefits are above average.
work-life balance: it is okay. benefits: it is okay. personal growth: it is okay. food in the cafe: no free food, but there is a cafe and you can find different kind of food there.
Lots of opportunity to move around (consumer/enterprise) and you really can make those changes Ability to work internationally Smart people to work with
Looks great on resume if you plan to advance in an IT industry.
The actual work with the customers is rewarding. There are opportunities to develop pretty much any technical skill you could dream of.
cutting edge, great benefits, manageable work life balance
Lot of talented tech folks in the company.
It is geek heaven. You work with people who are as passionate as yourself about software development. The benefits are top of the line. If you perform well, you are rewarded well.
Great benefits that are truly 1st class when compared to other companies in the industry. There are lots of very smart/motivated folks working at the company and the new direction by the CEO seems to be promising.
Work life balance, career opportunities
Career growth, lots of smart people, flexibility to work on new things and move around in the company, good benefits and stability
Really smart people. Office culture is based on performance
Good salary, good benefits, no stack ranking (they used to do this but now it's about joint success as a group), great location, and lots of different products to work on.
Good pay. Work life balance depends on the manager.
Good work environment. Good benefit and pay
Decent compensation packages, although very little room for negotiation. Intelligent teammates. Nice lateral movement across teams with minimal wait time (18 months or less, with manager approval) There are some teams that still have private offices, although for most products the open office model might be better. 401K match up to 6% of salary. Health Club.
- many career opportunities - great benefits and pay is to market - new rewards and bonus system is simpler but reward levels are less clear - new CEO and good company direction
1.care much about your success and really can learn a lot about skills with brilliant people here. 2.If you are in a good team with established people, you will learn a lot and you will feel your life is enjoyable. If not, you are just wasting your time here. 3.the focus on the business. This may seem counterintuitive but the business focus is an excellent lens through which to look at software design and execution. I previously worked at a company which was arguably a better engineering company but the lack of business focus led to software projects not having longevity and ultimately to the collapse of the company.
Innovation opportunities, performance based reviews
Technology, Benefits, Location, Facilities, Connections
The most amazing people, very supportive culture, zero micro-management, ability to work on cool projects and get exposed to very senior leadership are the best things about MSFT. The company is doing great things at this time and employees are quite inspired. Company's stock has performed very well in the past few years and the salary and benefits are quite aggressive for new hires. I personally was positively surprised by how cool the company was as compared to my original perception. Perhaps, this is the result of the new CEO.
Honestly, any pros to working here are being phased out unless you are a non-technical business or marketing type person then you can expect to make a lot for not really producing anything. There is a culture of arrogance here, people are in denial and puff themselves up all the time because Microsoft used to be the shiznit back in the 90s. In modern times the stock has stagnated and no one gets rich anymore but employees do still get treated with reverence from older folks in the community who don't know times have changed. Employees can still expect to enjoy discounts and deals, and some people in the Seattle area will still be impressed with Microsoft name on your resume, although its increasingly more likely any legit company who knows the truth will see Microsoft name and count it against you.
If you are in a good team with established people, you will learn a lot and you will feel your life is enjoyable. If not, you are just wasting your time here. Make sure you talk to a bunch of folks to identify whether the team and group you are going into is a good one or a bad one.
New CEO with responsible and grounded vision, tons of resources and intelligent people, no more forced distribution of employee rankings*, good benefits, good work/life balance, commute shuttle, lots of internal positions and opportunities.
The company really cares about its employees, great benefits, perks and great campus, work-life balance is really good too. You get to work in the products millions use, and if you love MS technologies... well, you are using/creating them.
Welcome environment, collaborative, everyone is valued, a company that empowers customers to help themselves succeed.
I still have moments where I can't believe I get to work for such an amazing company. The people are brilliant. Collaboration and teamwork are encouraged and rewarded. The products we are shipping are beautiful. I will miss SteveB's enthusiasm and energy, but Satya is amazing and inspirational. I really love it here. I have a great work life balance as well. I am able to be home to see my kids after school and weekends are for my family. I know what my responsibilities and deliverables are, and it is up to me to perform and produce results. Leadership knows I will get my work done and they don't worry if I need to take my kids to the dentist.
good benefit, ample opportunity to learn and grow, many projects to try
Great pay. Great people. From my experience everyone is always willing to help you out or answer your questions. Haven't ever faced true negativity or malicious criticism. Everyone works together and constructive feedback is welcomed and encouraged.
Good place to work in, especially in Seattle. Smart people.
Good benefits and you have big corporation stability. There is slow pace so you don't have to be stressed about doing things fast.
The best thing about working here is the environment. Everyone is super nice and the benefits are amazing.
Projects that touch every corner of the world and hundreds of millions of people. Great breadth of product areas to work on based on your interest. Good benefits and work-life balance.
Decent Pay, Easy commute, company is moving to be more agile
Microsoft has wonderful work Environment and Peers and Work and Ethics and Location and Morale Events.
Pay is excellent. Work-life balance is what you make it, always been fine for me. Benefits quite good, but medical not as good as it used to be. Culture varies from group to group, my current group is excellent.
Smart people, stable benefits, nice campus
Good work Good work life balance Smart people decent salary
The company has lot to offer but you have to find opportunities and grab them.
Great people to work with is the biggest pro. Coworkers are generally very supportive. Projects are challenging and helps you continue learning,
Amazing boss. I am challenged with the work that I do. I love the flexibility in work hours and dress code. I feel that I can just come and do the work no matter the time or what I look like.
Fun at work and good work life balance
Fun work environment with smart, motivated and friendly coworkers and a focus on work-life balance. Great benefits including coverage for external training. The work is interesting and there is a lot of flexibility to expand an existing role into new areas in order to continue personal development.
Green Card, for the new employer, the processing start immediately
Overall package of benefits (connector bus/bus pass, salary, bonuses, flex schedule, vacation, holidays, med/dental, prime card, gym membership discount, tuition reimbursement, charity/giving matching 1:1, 401k, ESPP, etc.) is AMAZING. Ability for personal & professional growth - ex. ability to find new roles or just new project opportunities within the company or same division or even in current role. Training & possibility for assistance toward certification exams. The people - For the most part, I have greatly enjoyed working with my partners and peers. I have been part of some amazing teams (high performing, high morale).
Some very smart people work here. Breadth of things you can work on is almost infinite.
Compensation is excellent and fairly transparent. Work-Life balance can vary depending on how efficient you are at your work, and of course your manager and team. There are certainly periods of intensely busy schedules. There are some extremely intelligent and technical folks here, and it's really great to be able to learn from them.
good experience, helps build resume
Ambitious goals, smart people, high standards.
Lot's of different products to contribute and opportunities to explore.
Cutting edge technologies, unlimited growth potential, great pay and benefits and great work - life balance
Diversity and variety of products to work. Lots of opportunities within the company. Great benefits. Currently there are lots of changes going on with new CEO and for good.
You work with some of the smartest folks on earth and from all over the world. This company is aware that you have a life outside work. Even though we were expected to work hard there was understanding when I had to have time away for other interests. I have enjoyed feeling like the work I do in the Windows Team had a global effect. I have never been ashamed to say I work at Microsoft.
In July 2014, Microsoft has announced plans to lay off 18,000 employees. Microsoft employed 127,104 people as of June 5, 2014, making this about a 14 percent reduction of its workforce as the biggest Microsoft lay off ever.
Technology is fun to work in, and Microsoft is always on the edge of new developments and using the latest software where most companies are several versions behind. The pay is good. They have revised the review model to emphasize teamwork and leveraging the work others and making others successful rather than heroism - this kind of culture change takes time. Satya is moving very strongly to promote a 'hacker' mentality, and seems very focused on the software eco-system and supporting Microsoft software on all kinds of devices.
- Compensation is competitive - Still a lot of smart people there - Big company with the resources to do what they want - Plenty of stuff to be learned
You will get to work on unexpected projects and be assigned something perhaps out of your expertise area. As long as you are smart and deliver, this is a great career opportunity.
Great benefit and great pay, if you want top pay for your level of work, this is definitely the place. Challenging work, smart people, team oriented culture, flexible work hours, and overall friendly work environment.
Big company with smart, motivated employees. Very good benefits with decent pay. Given the huge number of products and groups within Microsoft, there is bound to be a group culture that fits your work style.
Big company you may choose to learn from a diverse technology!
You work with some of the smartest folks on earth and from all over the world. This company is aware that you have a life outside work. Even though we were expected to work hard there was understanding when I had to have time away for other interests. I have enjoyed feeling like the work I do in the Windows Team had a global effect. I have never been ashamed to say I work at Microsoft.
creative, disciplined, learning, well-funded, cross-team
Good environment to work. Well organized management structure.
Excelllent place to work and growth
Salary is good compared to other companies in the area. Medical benefit is still one of the best and provide nice perks.
Pay is very good did not "low ball" me when they made my initial offer. Depending on which team you work in there is room for advancement. Excellent chance to collaborate once you learn the structure of the division and teams in the company. Some of the brightest people I've ever met work or have worked there, one can learn a lot form these guys.
The range of technology that they offer - from hardware to UI - from Operating Systems to BigData - from online commerce to search.
- Decent pay and benefits - Your relatives and friends in far away places will have heard about where you work.
Lots of smart people, working on a software platform that affects millions of customers. Fantastic work/life balance and good benefits. More recently becoming a more exciting and faster paced place to work.
Chance to work on products millions use. Good pay.
individual office. very good benefits.
Really bright people Hot tech in many areas
1. Benefits 2. Can always find good and interesting work to do with some efforts
Good benefits and flexibility in scheduling your time to work
Now reinventing itself as a company for the new world.
Base pay and benefits are good if you know how to negotiate. I feel in general the culture and company as a whole tries to do the right thing and act like a responsible tech company. I like the matching program where any of your donations are matched 100% up to a certain amount.
Work/life balance is pretty decent in most groups. Benefits are nice. Lots of interesting challenges (though good luck being lucky enough to get chosen to work on them.)
Microsoft is a great place to work at because it is not only a great working environment, it has helped me expand my knowlage of coding incredibly.
There are two things about Microsoft that make it top notch for software engineering.  The first is the focus on the business. This may seem counterintuitive but the business focus is an excellent lens through which to look at software design and execution. I previously worked at a company which was arguably a better engineering company but the lack of business focus led to software projects not having longevity and ultimately to the collapse of the company.  The second is the people. It's said that if you are a jazz musician and you're the best in your band, you need to change bands. There is very little danger of topping out in Microsoft. There are always excellent skilled engineers to challenge you.
The transformation to cloud has sent the organization in a very positive direction. Innovation is at an all time high both from a "perception" perspective as well as "reality". Definitely an organization that rewards being a leader on your team.
Very nice green card policy. Good benefits.
It's a big company, you can find a good team to match your expectations.
Great compensation and office, free coffee and drinks. Great peers to work with.
My experience is that MSFT is filled with well-intentioned, earnest, hard working, and smart individuals. Being part of a very large system brings its own challenges that you need to be ready for.
Great work-life balance, good benefits and opportunities for career growth.
stable not highly competitive working peers
- international corporation with HQ around the globe
Microsoft is a great place if you want to really change the world and make a big impact! You can drive changes in product vision, strategy, influence the leadership and get to work on cool stuff. The best part is that you can work in any part of the world and take your career across different roles/functions. It is only limited to ones own capabilities as it offers a great infrastructure for talent mobility and helps move people around the world. The Talent is exceptional and you get to work with really smart people. The Benefits are best in class which makes it tough to even consider leaving, Microsoft spoils you. The culture is consistent of what you will experience in any part of the world, good or bad. Its a great place for interns or college hires to get exposed to get mentored from senior leaders. Worklife flexibility is excellent as well, you can pretty much work from anywhere as long as someone knows how to reach you.
Flexibility in your schedule is simply amazing. Great pay and benefits. There are opportunities to take your career to any direction you desire.
Under CEO Satya Nadella, Microsoft is going in the right direction. I believe the senior leadership is doing the right things, making the Engineering changes like combined Engineering model, less management chain and focusing on the core strengths. As an employee, I get less tangled in processes and am free to do my stuff without micro-management. Great work gets noticed by not only by my manager but all the way up to the VP level and rewards follow. I am provided opportunities to take on additional responsibilities which paves the way for professional growth. Unlike other competitor companies, work-life balance is much better at Microsoft. I can manage to spend a lot of quality time with my family, take periodic vacations, and still maintain an Excellent rating at the performance reviews.
Great products and services in so many places can make it a very exciting place to be. Training, benefits, PTO a plus.
Total Compensation and work-life balance
Work life balance is awesome. Extremely competitive and challenging!
- Bright Co-workers - Good Compensation - Good work environment
Great benefits, interesting work (based on the groups I've chosen to work in), and extremely congenial atmosphere. I've encountered very few people that I consider a waste of headcount over the years, which is in stark contrast to other big companies I've worked for where that rate ran up to 50% in some cases.
It's stream lined and no rating system and no peer comparison, it's purely on individual contribution on what is committed.
* well-funded and mostly stable * industry leader and maker * intelligent, good people to work with * very good health care * free drinks
Work with all the smartest people around and you continuously learn.
You can learn a lot from this Company. Awesome culture! The people here are generally very friendly. Most of the groups, you just wear whatever you want into the office.
good salary. Lots of perks.
Everything but the annual review.
Work with some of the smartest people daily. I frequently have opportunity to brainstorm with smart minds about ideas, software designs, and implementation. It's actually a good place to improve your own knowledge while making impact to millions of users if not more.
Microsoft still possess a strong brain trusts in all areas of technologies (hardware, software, middleware, methods, and intellectual properties). You encounter many strong minded software engineers and program managers and if you can get their trust, you could learn about the choices made based on the project context and tribal knowledge. The official company ideal is right "change the world" and provide values to its customers. The benefits are competitive and better than most other high tech companies.
Microsoft is and old and established company
Plenty of variety available. Very little micro management. Opportunity to do what you think needs to be done.
Smart, passionate people who love what they do. Great HR support and compensation packages. Innovative and vibrant work environment. Opportunities to learn and grow, and great engagement with the community and with philanthropic organizations. Microsoft employees are generous and hardworking, as exemplified by their annual Giving campaign.
Huge company with a lot to offer, great pay. Culture varies by group. Opportunities to move. Great changes to senior management recently
Good compensation and benefits. Lots of bright people around. Lots of opportunities to learn. Flexible work hours. And things are changing for the better slowly, but steadily.
Good company with plenty of opportunities and good benefits.
Had varied positions over the years with a couple of outstanding managers. Work/Life balance is good if you get in the right group with the right manager. Pay is very good and benefits were good (although they were great when I started many years ago).
very good place to work
benefits are great, probably the best I have come across. Great opportunities to move around within and work on different product and businesses. Work-life balance also a plus depending what org you work in.
good ppl to work with
At the edge of technology. Always something new
There are a lot of different opportunities and interesting roles at the company. You can make a really big contribution. The scope and scale of the company is impressive.
Smart and innovative team. The leadership team is very accessible to the junior members. The work hours are flexible to support any family demands.
Great benefits. Smart people (If you happen to work in a good team) Great work life balance Decent salary and performance bonus
Great benefits, salary, and global experience. Leadership training for high potentials is great.
With as much cash as Microsoft has, there is ton's of time to correct the mistakes of the past and create a new durable future. The new CEO is making the right moves too
Culture is changing and the you can breath openness and willingness to change.
Personal growth and exposure to leading edge technology
Good life balance. nice work envionment
Competitive salary, great benefits. Good, talented people to work with. The company has a bright future with new senior leadership.
At the edge of technology. Always something new
benefits and people are incredible, abilities to grow are indefinite, flexible schedule allows home and work to get done
Working at Microsoft, it's clear that nearly everyone is just brilliant. Most everyone is passionate about the products they are working on, and they all just want to get work done right.  Also, company does a great job with benefits: excellent health insurance, amazing 401k, flexible work hours, and many other perks.
Good snack foods. Decent pay.
Great personal and career growth Work on projects that involve leading edge technologies Becoming more of a collaborative company across internal teams Flexible work hours Company culture changing for the better
Trusted to do work on your own time with flexibility for good work life balance. Wealth of internal tools and education to help further your career opportunities in or out of the company.
have general smart and honest people, good blend of technologies to work on
Working with smart people, business focus.
Wide variety of very interesting and opportunities to make an impact on the world like few companies in the world can. The company is starting to make the right decisions faster, but this is a work still in progress.
Good company structure, salary, benefits and environment.
Great benefits Great comp package Nice perks (free coffee, soft drinks, subsidized food, Orca card, Prime Partner program, etc)
office culture is good in the microsoft
Smartest people I've worked with anywhere Great benefits Interesting work
Microsoft remains to be one of the best technology companies on the planet focusing on producing software. Company culture is revolving around people, customer, business, and technology. Priorities may be unbalanced in some teams, but in general they are right.
The company is very respectful to its employee. No one is expected to work long hours. Everyone has a fair enough chance to get promotions and the compensation is very good. The company wanted to retain its people and has good work life balance.
smart people, constant challenges, high responsibilities and sense of achievement, high impact in corporations
Great benefits. Vacation policy changed and so it is no longer an issue. Diverse projects to work on. Given a lot of independence and responsibility to shine.
The work you do at Microsoft will affect the whole world, and the people you work with are all very excited about this. All of my managers have been exceptional. There's an overall culture of saying what needs to be said and doing what needs to be done regardless of organizational boundaries, etc. Lots of opportunities for training & development.
benefits work environment office culture the jobs you do are impactful and noticeable shuttles connectors health benefits the people you work with are generally smart. So you learn tons of stuff from other people. There is also a good amount of courses that you can register to get whole lot of information, if you want to grow yourself in your career.
Very motivated people to work it. You can expect to find people with high integrity and people who respect each other, and be very professional. There are so many aspects to the business, a person can experience almost every industry by just moving from one team to another within the company.
You will see really motivated people who will motivate you to push yourself. Will learn many new things, and really the learning never ends. You will notice that people who work here are people with high integrity and know how to treat another person with respect and are thorough professionals.
This is a great company with smart, great people. The benefits are decent, although not what they once were. New CEO holds promise of fresh direction and focus as a more cohesive culture, and is actively making these changes across the company. Strong research and development to push into hot areas, and still capable of entering new markets as a key player, though not as completely dominant as before.
1. Wide range of projects 2. Support for starting your own projects
Opportunities to work on almost anything you love. Pay is good, benefits too (though shrinking). Tons of resources to apply to any tough, interesting problem.
got to learn a lot of things. worked here for just about 3 years. Its a great place to start your career. They invest a lot in their employees. Good compensation and benefits. Overall good work-life balance
Get high salary and my dream also to work with Microsoft . and to achieve more success in my life for better life style .
Smart people around, nice learning environment, many free trainings
Dynamic , best of talent, great compensation and benefits
The scope of software engineering in this company is unmatched elsewhere. Everything from developer tools, to OS, to Office, to Xbox, to Mobile, to Databases, Cloud Infrastructure and Services, Online Search and Advertising ... There is unlimited opportunity for technical growth and broadening one's horizons. The salary and benefits are great. In particular, their coverage for autism therapy is remarkable.
Having the ability to run the very latest code before anyone else in the world and fixing the issues (hopefully) before anyone else sees them. Very large charitable company without compare.
They really take good care of you. Work life balance is great for a tech job, they care about your health and well being and take your feedback seriously.
Good people, compensation, working environment, enough challenge to keep you busy and learn a lot.
Great pay and benefits. Great relocation packages. Nice amenities. Commons area is pretty spectacular. Stock grants. Free Xbone for Microsoft Game Studios employees. Free MS games.
Decent compensation package for the area
Plenty of hardware resources. good work-life balance. Average compensation.
Great company and culture, ability to work cross group and get close to product groups . I was able to create the job I would like !
Worked on an awesome team that cared about employee morale. Annual team building trips, lots of opportunities if you asked for them. The healthcare was AMAZING! I know it's not as great anymore, but still pretty good. Nice cafeterias, free drinks, nice buildings.
Great work life balance, benefits, leadership and culture.
New CEO, New vision, new attitude. The company is moving forward and the direction seems good. People are energized again and walls between groups are coming down
Very intelligent people as coworkers. Vast infrastructure provides resources to do your job. Lots of perks like free soft drinks, health club, excellent medical/dental
good benefits, stable in next few years, and big opportunities if you want to help the company to grow like what it was 20 years ago.
Smart people, Benefits, Values, Brand
Good technology company - breadth. Once you join there's a one year period after which we can move to other interested domains.
Fast paced environment. Plenty of retirement benefits. A great track to get you motivated to be your best and do your best everyday to one day be in management.
free drinks, startup enviroment (microsoft foundry), all interns, own the product from start to finish
Pro-customer focus, competitiveness, excellent ability to develop young talent. Highly maternal/paternal, socialistic style of caring for employees.
Mature management and good benefits
stability, good work life balance, depending on which team you work on you can get to work on interesting stuff.
have not been long enough to have a positive outlook
Great Benefits, Work-Life Balance and Compensation
Easy to switch to a different role without needing to leave the company. Great people, great diversity, inclusive culture.
Health insurance, dental, vision benefits were very good. Free coffee and soda. Good cafeteria food.
Global company with several offices around the world. Opportunities to grow if you are in the right place with right connections.
Microsoft is a great company to work for. They treat you right and give you the materials needed to accomplish the task, normally more than you need. Energy is one of the highest and as long as you have the passion, you will go far at Microsoft.
Good experience, great talented employees to work with
Extensive supports for individual's career growth
Overall it's a very strong team and great group of people to work with. Work/life balance is good most of the year though certain times at end of fiscal quarters can be challenging. Benefits are really good and salary is competitive but not high. Lots of great internal tools and resources.
Work with very smart people
Still lots of smart people and some interesting products to work on.
Good benefit, good work/life balance
great perks, insurance is better than most, looks great on your resume
Technical expertise Recent changes Good work/life balance
A very innovative company. Great benefits and a lot of passion from colleagues. Interesting projects and a chance to work across many platforms.
You can get opputunity to work on a wide array of products and technologies and really work towards your career goals
good work/life balance and benefit. office is spacial. facility is complete and efficient
Variety of products and teams to move around. Ease of moving across test/dev/PM roles.
Compensation is not bad. Health benefits used to be fantastic. Products and projects used to have a feel that they meant something. The place be great fun if you get on a project that matters.
Great company to work for
Everything looks great if you are in good team with budget and charter.
Good culture, diverse, build cool stuff (I am in Xbox)
Great benefits, Everyone is brilliant, Lots of opportunity to move around.
Smart people, flexible hours, great benefits. Lots of opportunities to move within MS - but even internal candidates have to go through the same process as external ones.
Compensation, Diversity in technologies, Benefits, Very smart engineers
Work life balance for me was good. The compensation and healthcare they offer are phenomenal. I lucked out with some great coworkers and great items to work on.
Smart people Legacy of success Learnings on scale, sustainability
The technology is the best in the world. You'll work with the world's brightest minds. You are three to five years ahead of corporate America. You can stay in place for as long as you want. No one will force you to stretch as an employee.
Competitive salaries and benefits. If you are lucky enough to be in the right team you might be able to participate in great and ambitious projects.
Solid networking with highly intelligent individuals throughout the organization. Work environment largely flexible, though often times dependent on direct management teams.
Rich opportunity learn and switch between orgs and teams within
Pay, vacation, autonomy is good. It's amazing to work for a company that has such a big imprint on the world.
If you're someone with big ideas and are also interested in learning and growth, Microsoft is a great place to be.
great technology with almost unlimited product power
Great people, great benefits, a lot to learn and grow, one never runs out of ideas, inspiration, enthusiasm and cool projects while at Microsoft!
relaxed atmosphere, not a lot of micromanaging
Good benifits , salary, good offices
Fun as you work with the latest technology. No books unless you write them.
Company remains a leader in software and is very cash rich. Some very talented people in pockets here and there. Supply chain is fairly world class and has an amazing global reach. Benefits, beautiful campus and philanthropic values are a primary draw. It is possible that the company will have a true success with one of their new products.
Feels like the center of the universe, especially in the Windows and other large product groups. Take home pay is good and benefits are amazing. There is a lot of free training available for career development but few have time to take full advantage.
Potential for personal and professional growth, passionate people, smart people, leaders who genuinely care.
Strong internal community and passionate hard working individual contributors make the company a great place to work.
Access to all types of knowledge resources
Benefits were hard to beat
Takes great care of employees in term of benefits and perks.
I've really enjoyed working in Microsoft's legal department. Everyone around you is incredibly smart and gifted at what they do, and there's a sense of teamwork in everything we do. The hours are really reasonable - on a normal day, it's 9 to 5 with a bit of time off for lunch. Most of all, as an attorney, it's a lot of fun to delve into the technical details of stuff and make a difference in the technology the company is producing. Being a huge legal department, there are a lot of opportunities for lateral and diagonal movement within the company. I even kind of enjoy Microsoft's role as an underdog in a lot of the areas where it competes. It's a former superpower that has seen better days, but there's a sense that it might scrap its way back to prominence. That sense has increased since Satya Nadella took over.
If you're a full-timer, the benefits (healthcare, adoption assistance, and tuition reimbursement) are pretty great. The sheer size of the company, and its multi-national locations makes moving around in both role and location possible. There's lots of opportunities for networking, and on campus events.
It was once a great company. It failed to capture right areas in the market. Hope it will it back with a bang
Pretty good work life balance, at least for my team. I've heard of other teams being not so good. However, I think work life balance is really what you make it. Team was really friendly and had a tight knit culture. People worked with are generally very nice and really try to help you.
Great products and people, socially responsible, willingness to embrace change
Best reasons for working here is that the compensation is middle of the road, but the benefits are quite good. Work/Life Balance is also good and not abused
The company has so many great people. It is impossible to not learn a ton of stuff every day. They truly embrace a work life balance that is enhanced with great benefits and on-site facilities. It is wonderful to be on a team that releases products that billions of people use and that change the lives of so many.
There are many good technical fellow. One can learn from them. One can see code to learn new things.
If you are delivering on a project that has a measurable impact on the bottom line you will typically be recognized and rewarded for your contribution. Many opportunities for success.
Great, unbeatable benefits covering most types that an employee would want. Plenty of perks - free drinks, great quality cafeterias all over every campus, ... Though there's a feeling of being behind, there's also a strong sense of confidence that MS can once again come from behind to do well and even win.
Great team members, great learnings
Great company to work for
Working @ Microsoft can be out of this world. Especially Main Campus. There is nothing else that really compares or even comes close to the experience. The diversity of people (be it cultures, age groups, backgrounds, genders, education) is amazing. Even the products that Microsoft creates is diverse. Compare that with Google or Facebook who only make advertising revenue.
I really enjoyed my time at Microsoft, i learnt a lot working with talented people and having fun while doing that. Projects are fun projects
People, compensation, environment...have loved most of my co-workers, great ability to move around the company to try different roles and groups.
Great people. You will infact meet some really brilliant people who created things you use daily. Perks are awesome. epending on the team, you will get lot of team events. You know you are chnaging people's lives when you work here. Work life balance is great.
Microsoft has a diverse environment that enables someone to develop a broad set of skills. There has been a culture of actively helping engineers develop deeper skill sets.
A lot of excellent researchers here. Here you can work with some of the best researchers in your area in the world.
The company has given me a lot. I've had steady growth until I became a Senior (every 1 1/2 years of promos) and had the pleasure of working with some wonderful bright people. The benefits are great and work life balance is much under your control. I have been involved in different projects in the same team every 2 years which kept my enthusiasm high as I was learning something new often.  If you are an entry level person looking to gain knowledge, Microsoft is a good start. If you don't have aspirations of being a VP then get out by the time you become a Senior. It's just not worth dealing with the "politics".
Salary, bonuses, generous time-off policies, great benefits.
The company has given me a lot. I've had steady growth until I became a Senior (every 1 1/2 years of promos) and had the pleasure of working with some wonderful bright people. The benefits are great and work life balance is much under your control. I have been involved in different projects in the same team every 2 years which kept my enthusiasm high as I was learning something new often.  If you are an entry level person looking to gain knowledge, Microsoft is a good start. If you don't have aspirations of being a VP then get out by the time you become a Senior. It's just not worth dealing with the "politics".
Good benefit package, yammer channel for internal communications channel, philosophy of beta testing software through out the company before release.
Satya is brining some sweep change and focus. This could help rally the troops in fewer, more strategic directions. The people in the trenches are smart, passionate, fun people.
Great work-life balance, leadership, and direction of the company
Lots of opportunities to move around in the company to try new things. There are good innovative teams and pace of innovation is getting better.
Microsoft is a great company to work for. They really take care of their employees. Great salary, work life balance and lots of opportunity to learn and grow. One of the best parts of working there is access to resources whether it's people, vendors, research or budget. Also, extremely competitive and smart people.
Flexibility, access to brilliant minds, terrific resources
Gym membership Health benefits None in my team for sure
Opportunities, entrepreneurial style, benefits, equipment, casual environment, every job type you can imagine available within one company.
Compensation is reasonable. Benefits are good--although not as good as they used to be. Work-life balance is reasonable depending on your role.
- Working on latest tools & technologies  - Great team mates  - You get to decide what you want to work on but make sure you pick a piece which should have business justification and based on which you can get good review
Good benefit package, yammer channel for internal communications channel, philosophy of beta testing software through out the company before release.
Compensation and benefits Wide variety of choices on products to work for
Great people and environment, culture great as well
Great people, culture, work life balance.
Great coworkers, management is flexible with scheduling, over all experience is at Microsoft is good.
I was really excited to come work for Microsoft. It is this famous company, right? This is where careers are made! Yippee! Here I go in the land of the meritocracy and opportunity! My work will impact millions, billions of users!
Had really awesome and knowledgeable managers
Plenty of upside with new leadership
Very fun and cool place to work
Stability. Benefits. Choice of opportunities.
The company has great benefits, many smart colleagues, and a pretty good/work, life balanced. (but I suspect many people process Email at home). Microsoft likes generalist. You will do well if you can jump around from area to area and do anything they ask you to do.
Working with smart people, opportunity for growth, good benefits
You are surrounded by smart people that energizes u everyday. Tough competition always keeps the company on the toes so there is no room for over confidence. Overall package is very competitive.
There are a lot of interesting projects and great teams at Microsoft. I met some of the brightest, hard working, high integrity people in my 9+ years of working in both the former Server and Tools and the field BMO groups. You can find rewarding jobs in both cutting edge tech as well as 20+ year old technology with massive revenue streams. I think the benefits are still among the tops in the industry.
Good conditions, benefits and work. OK compensation with potentially favorable bonuses. There are good opportunities to move between groups, and there are good training course available.
Flexible schedule, casual, and challenging work!
this company is very stable
Many of the people are extremely talented. If you put the time in to connect with people you can get a broader view of how the company is doing. Some groups at Microsoft encourage and reward people for being creative and improving the way your team works.
You get chance to work with Smart and enthusiastic people. Good compensation, benefits and good work life balance.
Whatever be the outside impression of Microsoft, I should admit Microsoft treated me very well as its employee. I was very happy with the several perks, matching programs, review processes, training sessions, health insurance etc etc. Microsoft matches up to 12,000 dollars for out contributions to any non-profit organizations. HSA program is the best in the Bay Area.
Great work / life balance.
Great Benefits, Great opportunity to learn new technologies, Good defined processes throughout the organization
the company has Good benefits the company has Good salary get to work with really great people prestigious org looks good on resume
The greatest pro of working at Microsoft is the wonderful people. I spend all day with fabulous coworkers and chose to spend my free time with a different group of Microsoft employees. I cannot say enough about the professional support as well as personal contacts I've found within Microsoft.
work/life balance culture senior engineers They pay attention to Real estate and facilities. Ask for feedback and implement it.
The company empowers employees with great tools and training.
The opportunity to have good work life balance is there however you have to ensure you manage it yourself and set boundries for your working hours. The vacation and sick time is great. Flexible working hours are also great. The review process has also improve significantly this past year.
Changes have been made. Wouldn't want to work anywhere else.
Love the people I work with. Bright and mostly hard working.
Lots of areas to dabble in, good campus, annual company meetings are lots of fun.
Great health package (including free gym membership). Total comp getting better. Most managers are good technically. Co-workers almost all friendly and mostly good technically. Big enough to find challenging work that is right for you. Management now insisting you maintain a good work life balance.
Note that this is specifically for Online Services Division and Bing Search in particular. - very smart people - lots of projects to work on, so technically it's possible to transition to a team you think you can be more productive. Though this is not very encouraged. - very smart managers that don't micromanage - modern technologies (latest versions of C#, Visual Studio and frameworks) - huge scale that makes it possible to uncover some of the bugs in .NET/CLR itself - separate offices!
Benefits and Training were fantastic.
Excellent compensation through bonus, stock and other benefits like gym membership
there is talent in the company. If you are in the right team, you are surrounded by some smart people
High salary, good benefits, smart people
wide variety of positions, easy to move around
Great coworkers, learned a lot and enjoyed my time at Microsoft.
Good people to work with, fun atmosphere, decent money and great training.
Decent to good benefit. Pays well.
the company provides great working environment
Most of the people are smart, hardworking and fun. Very passionate about what they do. I've always had pretty good work/life balance, with only occasional long weekends and late nights. The products have global impact, which can be exciting. Very good pay, health coverage, and other benefits.
Great compensation and benefits at every level of the company. Real ethics and integrity. Great support for the employee and the well being of the customer. It's not a soul-sucking money-grubbing hellhole.
Compensation, benefits, ability to drive change on a global scale, working with really smart people - most of whom really seem to care
Depending on where you are in the company it can be a great experience or a poor one. A lot depends on your immediate management chain and that can reflect someone's job satisfaction and perception around growth opportunities. I have been in bad places and good ones. Bad management has made me want to leave the company, made me feel unrewarded and underutilized whereas times where I have been under seasoned, skilled management chain I have felt challenged, rewarded, recognized. Flexibility of work schedule has been great and I am able to find work-life 'fit' i.e. something that works for me in a demanding environment.
Great compensation package, lots of challenges
Opportunity to exand you knowledge and skills. Great amenities like free soda, transportation assistance, including private Connector busline. Flexible work schedule. Technology to support mobility (i.e., conference calls, work from home, business travel, etc.) Autonomy. Great people and lots of diversity.
Smart passionate people. Among the best HR/benefits and comp packages out there. Ease of mobility between roles. Puget Sound work environments are excellent - campus is top notch.
Company allows for people to move around to new roles and opportunities to grow their careers beyond one function or industry. Microsoft is large enough that you can be in the games industry for part of your career and the mobile device industry as another part without having to leave the company
Smart people Big goals Tremendous opportunity to grow Products have huge impact on the market and on people's lives Great compensation package Opportunity to learn in one of the most successful companies ever
Incredibly smart peers. Work from anywhere. In-house shopping and stores Library Subsidized products.
Businesses large and small, global and local roles and a multi cultural environment makes for a great place to work. Benefits are close to the best in the industry and mobility to different jobs internally lets you grow your experiences and build a solid career.
big company, big name. Several groups to look around for jobs internally.
Great benefits, good products. There are some great people there, some horrible folks too. Many different products and technologies to chose from.
Good salary/benefits, hardworking, intelligent coworkers, ability to work on interesting projects. Flexible work-life balance if you choose. Lots of autonomy to figure out the best way to accomplish your goals. People are generally very generous about helping you and providing advice, and there are a ton of smart people there to learn from.
Strong benefits, structure, reliability, and interesting technology
Green card policy Work life balance: lots of teams really have little work to do, especially test teams Health insurance 401 k Mature engineering system Systematic and automated test
With a scope like Microsoft's there are many very interesting problems to work on. The teams are very energized and passionate about what they do. Employees are mostly smart, dedicated and interested in doing the right thing.  There are many great work benefits available such as training, internal conferences, and cross-company discussion groups on any imaginable topic.  Excellent health benefits and work schedule flexibility help provide for a good work-life balance most of the time.  There is a strong company value in making life better or easier for people. Most engineers think of the users. At other companies I saw more focus on managers, executives, or businesses as customers.  The engineering focus is on building things for the long term, and on enabling scale to huge numbers of users.
good work life balance. lots of career opportunities.
- Keep your own schedule - great growth opps - as much training as you want - work hard and you get your bonus and promos
The salary was ok for the area. Health benefits were great with 100% medical coverage plans. There is the opportunity for corporate training and career advancement.
Still a lot of great people working to help customers grow and be successful. Tons of cash on hand and at least some realization of what is needed to change.
A great place to work on projects and services that will stretch you and provide you great experience.
Job security, more work-life balance
Great benefits that are competitive or better than most employers out there. Depending on the team you're on and the manager that you are assigned to, there is potential to learn and grow your skills and career here.
Lots of challenges and opportunities to be successful. Supported by your managers.
love of technology wide career options
- great opportunities - good work/life balance
Still a lot of great people working to help customers grow and be successful. Tons of cash on hand and at least some realization of what is needed to change.
Nice HR policy - good to work with
Good benefits, good work-life balance (which the company stresses).
Great products, smart people, world-wide reputation
Great work-life balance, excellent pay and benefits, smart people, it is best to work in a core business (Azure, Office, Windows)
Allowed to move around and come and go as personal schedule dictates/ within reason
Incredibly diverse roles available all the time
Fast pace environment with lots of opportunity in varies groups that touch on diverse industries, but within core products only
Frequent promotions, many smart people to learn from, very good salary and bonus, 401k etc, opportunities to change role, huge library and learning opportunities, opportunity to do something great with huge impact, great for CV, had insurance with 100% cover, 0 deductible
Personally, I find working at Microsoft to be fun. How could I not? It's one of the friendliest companies that I know of!
Pays decent salary, Good benefits, OK work and life balance.
Lots of smart people, lots of work to go around.
Microsoft has a great working atmosphere that is better than most companies in the world. Pay and benefits have improved in the last few years and are hard to beat. Despite many frustrations with the Microsoft is a great company to work for.  Microsoft is trying to change it's culture to be more contribution and using the ideas of the greater company. It remains to be seen if this will happen. This change in culture will be one of the most positive changes the company has if it is successful. In two years I would love to update this review to see if it really will make an impact.
-Lots of great people to work with. -Many opportunities available. -Typically great work/life balance. -Many amazing benefits.
Pay and FREE phone and tablet.
Many talent people, great resources.
Very flexible work schedule. Great opportunities for career growth.
The job is fun. Who doesn't want to play with technology all day? Better than average pay. Lots of opportunity to grow for the right individuals but may require relocation.
Very flexible work environment. Good compensation.
Work life balance, Stay fit program, good health insurance program,
Work life balance, Stay fit program, good health insurance program,
Good compensation with good people
Benefits company is in regrowth mode, so great opportunities are at offing great innovation opportunities
Great people make the environment very enjoyable.
Work on big projects, lots of training opportunities, good benefits
Standard industry pay grade decent benefits, random training, luck of the draw leadership, hires many junior employees from all over the world.
- Great pay, health and other benefits - mostly bright coworkers - very interesting work depending on teams
Great pay, great culture, work-life balance, fun rotations
Challenging, flexibility and respect for work styles. Good place to work for and has great benefits.
- underrated technologies, lots of really talented people, huge pool of opportunities and projects - company moving to much faster product release cadence - company emphasize on work life balance
Big company with lots of exciting/impactful projects
True to work life balance, not just words from the executives. Easy job if you have the brain and good work ethic. Good perks and benefits.
Good benefits and stock opportunities. Health club and preventative care is important and supported. Looks good on your resume OUTSIDE of Washington. Locally it is viewed as negative due to the environment and culture.
Guaranteed salary and benefits for at least a decade, many different products to leverage/use. Very flexible work hours and culture.
Good benefits and career opportunity
- Great 401K, Stock Options - Health Benefits are Still Amazing - Lots of Perks and Learning Opportunities
Focus and mission are newly energized. The people are incredibly talented and strive to create value.
You can make a big impact on the world. Work with smart people. Microsoft has a good company culture. Benefits and salaries are good.
Very smart, mostly nice folks to work with. Great benefits and women in IT programs. Microsoft is established so while the workload is heavy, it's not usually crazy.
Lots of opportunities and challenges to work on. Teams across the company that work on different technologies and domains which gives you an opportunity to learn and explore as an individual.
Typically able to have a great work life balance, work from home, benefits are still good, Stay Fit program is awesome and the new review system has definitely improved the overall culture/helped to minimize teammates throwing each other under the bus come July.
Nice pay, fun people, coffee machine.
Pay and benefits are very good. Have vast educational resources to enhance your tech knowledge
Perfect place to stay with. Have lot's of talent people. Projects are fun. People are nice. Take time to improve yourself.
Best enterprise work out there. Lots of smart capable people around Great place to get started in career Company is extremely community focused and engages in extensive charity work Contrary to outside impression people are extremely customer focused
Used to have great benefits
Management now has a fresh view, on how to take on competition and answer to customers
Great products. Great people at the Manager, Lead and IC level.
1.) Great place to work 2.) Smart People to work with 3.) Great pay 4.) Good flex time
Great campus, lots of nice people, great opportunity to frequently change jobs without changing your employer.
Amazing and friendly team , excellent balance between work/life , clean and minimal place to work , managers are nice too.
Great organization, technical writing profession is valued and well compensated
- Great intellectual community - best place for mentoring - Technology at your finger tips
Work life balance, overall compensation, benefits package, working with smart people
good compensation good work life balance
Free snacks and everything is amazing
The new leadership gives me hope for the company. Compensation and benefits would be hard to match anywhere outside of the company.
excellent pay and benefits, good teammates
Market leadership in software, innovation at its core, great benefits, recognize need to change to meet market
Great place to work. Great Learning.
The environment and atmosphere is conducive to building a great network and excellent technical skill.
Note: your experience will change drastically depending on your group AND your boss. * Almost family kind of culture with most everyone being around 35-55 yrs age and super friendly. * Some very smart individuals some so so * Easy to connect with other teams and build a network * Can be working with some great bosses and have a nice relaxing career. So identify those people early on. * Low chance of ever being fired :) * Work for teams that matter ie those who bring in the cash and arent Cost centers
Super smart people, driven, and big thinkers. When you're in Redmond where I spent over 10 years, you have great opportunity, collaboration, and camaraderie.
Lots of opportunity and mobility within the company. They are trying to change their image and are coming out with lots of new products. Nice work environment but not like super hip but many nice touches. Salary is pretty competitive
The salary and benefits are quite desirable.
It's Microsoft, it opens doors and gets you into any company. Just with your background, you can be the guy who refills the toilet paper and red velvet ropes open up on other opportunities.
Big company. Good pay and benefits.
Always worked with talented, excited and hard working folks who loved their work and what they were doing. Ton of energy when you love what you do. Awesome benefits and opportunity to excel. There was no limit to where and what you could do at Microsoft. Loved it!!
Great reputation. Still a software leader
great perks and office culture
Microsoft is a company that takes on numerous big challenges. If you are highly motivated and like the big spotlight this is a great company. Microsoft also has extremely diverse employment opportunities. Movement to different positions seems to be encouraged, which is great because if you desire a career change, you can likely find it within Microsoft.
work-life balance, benefits, stock options, challenging work environment
A lot of empowerment under "One Microsoft" strategy and business climate. Culture is one that expects hard work, ability to meet aggressive timelines Work / life balance is generally appreciated - but it doesn't mean the expectations are low Benefits, resources, campus life, etc are all great
Satya Nadella = renaissance. Great flexibility and opportunities for growth. Pay is above regional average. Stock awards and buy back programs are excellent. Great benefits + work-life balance
So far it's a well-paying job unlike android and am looking forward to joining the company. I am good in windows phone azn creating apps
Always learning something new. Lots of opportunity for growth.
Free drinks. Sometimes free food. During swamped days those v8s and free cups of soup came in handy when i didnt have time to go to the cafe.  Management was easy to speak with. Almost anyone gave advice if you asked.
Nice people to work with. Salaries are competitive. Problem space is great.
Great opportunities to make a difference, build cool stuff! Feel like our best days are ahead of us.
Benefits, brand recognition, discounts  There is a decent work life balance that counters the Cons but if you want to work in a cutting edge company this might not be the one.
bright people, benefits, serious about company values, global diversity, software discounts
Great benefits & pay. You get to work with very smart people, many have unique backgrounds and interesting hobbies. Opportunity to work on interesting projects and learn new skills. Great training programs to continue education. Work can be challenging and push you to do more. I'm glad that I have had the experience to work here.
PTO and benefits are excellent. Depending on the role, work-life balance can be very good. My role, for example, allows me tremendous flexibility in my work schedule, so I can accommodate my personal life. I'm also able to work 100% remotely. Salary and annual perks (bonuses + stock) are very good. Microsoft may not be as hot a name as Google or Apple, but they are on the cutting edge technically, and they compete hard. I get to work with cool technology as a result.
1) Work life balance 2) Managers listen to you and trust you 3) Flexible work hours
There isn't a lot. The overall package is perhaps a little over market. The health insurance used to be excellent, but has since been abandoned.
You will get the opportunity to work with smart people solving real world problems. Large organization with lots of internal opportunities, especially moving between departments and organizations. The work is challenging and rewarding.
Best Company to Word, Beautiful Package, Friendly Manager, Visible goals & Lot of Challenging work.
Large corporations are normally a great place to get your feet wet. Pay is not bad, benefits are average, and the training is abundant if you are able to take advantage of it.
Technologies and Product Experience! Exposure to very sound technical knowledge and intelligent personas!
smart people, friends for life, good compensation
Great work environment. Ability to work on various projects and flexible work schedules.
Many different kinds of opportunities. Great culture and smart people to mentor and learn from. Lots of resources to help in career development.
Employees are very intelligent. Benefits are among the best. They try to help you grow in your career.
Relatively high rate of pay, free Microsoft training and tools.
Stable job. Great benefits. Plenty of internal opportunities and talented people to learn from.
Endless Technology learning, creative activities, exclusive premiers
Pay, and benefits are good
Great benefits, good pay, great talent / career development opportunities and training
My manager let's me do what I want
Training is fantastic! They do care about developing the employee the person... you can take advantage of so much training There is always challenging problems to solve Many opportunities to work with people from all over the world
Benefits are good (roughly industry standard) Perks outside of Seattle are so-so and getting to be fewer every year Good stay fit benefit Some divisions are very entrepreneurial Training is pretty good
Great people! Smart and driven. Great benefits - industry leading in the early years, and still good today. Lots of opportunity to shine and grow. Loved doing things that had +ve impact on millions of people (I think its still possible to do that there than at any other tech company)
We got a lot of fun in this company
Lots of products to work in and lots of different technologies you can learn and use. There's a lot of very talented people and I'm proud to work with them.
I had the opportunity to impact billions of people. Only a handful of private companies can give you this kind of impact from your contributions. The pay matches the impact you have in the world.
The coworkers are great, the company offers lots of opportunities for development (both personal and professional), there is lot of emphasis on innovation
Talented and smart people from diverse backgrounds, good learning opportunities.
Exposure to latest tech Training Benefits Good exposure to MNC culture
Great technologies, great company, bright people
A lot of different teams and technologies you can work.
own office and wonderful project
salary is good. abundant of resource. co-works are friendly knowing lots of talents and having fun on discussion and co-work with them. good place to learn and grow.
Both in store management, and coworkers were great. The benefits were good, and the pay WHEN I STARTED was great. (no longer the case for new hires)
Steady paychecks that always cleared.
Good pay, lots of opportunities.
good, gaining traction leadership traning
company values, compensation, bonuses, good vibe
Everyone was as brilliant and reasonable as I was.
Good benefits, cultural values are good
Latest technology ... free pop
Microsoft works on solving a broad range of problems so there is a plenty of opportunities inside the company.
- flexible wok timing - opportunities to learn at UW
Great people, great diversity, inclusive culture, and opportunity to work on latest technology makes working at Microsoft wonderful. Microsoft provides a ton of extra perks that I have not heard any other companies to provide.
Informal yet professional culture. Very qualified and smart co-workers. Good team morale. Opportunities to transfer.
good technology experience and exposure to international markets.
Reasonable compensation, excellent benefits -- never saw a doctor's bill the whole time I worked there. Interesting work.
Like the people and decent benefits
Great benefits, Redmond campus has some great places to work, always a ton of interesting problems to solve, impact on computing, software development and most anyone who uses a computer hard to overstate.
1) You get to say you work for Microsoft 2) You can essentially do nothing for five years until you are weeded out
Very good salary and benefits There's a lot of really smart people from which you can learn a lot No fixed hours, option to work remotely at times You get to work on things that are usually used by lots of people Several morale events a year
- Work-life balance is good - Lots of smart people to work with - Good values and contributes well to the society e.g., encourages giving back to the community
In my experience, some pros are that the people are passionate, smart and interested in knowledge sharing. Good collaboration. Great mentoring ring programs. Free sodas, coffee, tea and juice. Very nice facilities and cafes. It's like being on an island with the stores and shuttle buses. There's plenty to learn if you have the time to invest in personal development. Work/life balance depends on the team. Bennies are okay...there are so many it takes a good year to learn about those & how they work! They aren't as great as I thought they'd be.
New company philosophy of One Microsoft is healthy
Good work environment, get to play with latest in tech, feel like you're making a difference.
The company is large but a strong network of employees who know how to get things done. Our new CEO and the re-org have really sparked passion in the employees, while maintaining the need for work/life balance. Tons of benefits and perks.
Great people to work with. Nice place - good commute, less expensive houses.
Smart people, good resources
Strong tech focus. work-life balance, perks, smart co-workers
It is an awesome company in terms of how it treats it employees. Managers respect boundaries and encourage time with family. It is super supportive of working mothers. The systems of management are some of the most professional and best I have seen anywhere. It pays well and has good benefits. Also it will allow you to do a lot of functional moves even without deep experience (if you are a top performer). The people are super smart and are nice to work with. Stock is doing well nowadays and the new leadership is really sharp and changing things for the better
I'm always learning new technologies even if it is based on Windows.
Lots of smart people . Very open to new tech
This company is so large, I cannot imagine someone cannot find a job here that would interest them.
Great benefits and salary. Working hours are very flexible. Money is not an issue. We generally get what we need: Equipment, software, etc....
compensation and benefits are good
Lots to learn Lots to do Good money Good benefits
Great teams full of bright people. Leadership knows what they are doing. Free drinks and discounted lunch is nice to have available every day.
Microsoft still has some characters with bravado, but more and more people are truly caring about what the customers need rather than career ladder climbing.
There is not more intellect and energy gathered so concentrated in another place on the planet.
For any technology field you're interested in, you will find a group to work in Microsoft.
Casual work attire. Flexible hours recent change in Leadership
Casual work attire. Flexible hours recent change in Leadership
throwing around lots of money and product to get into retail industry. they have unlimited resources and can afford to make mistakes.
MS is an incredible company with numerous highly sophisticated internal resources available to help you achieve your goals.
Some good groups Some good people
Very bright, talented folks. Never had a problem finding someone to bounce ideas or discussions with. THe company is fantastic and tremendous in resources and ability to get things done. Yes, there are many complaints but I think this has to do more that the type of people hired in tend to be analytical and critical.
The culture has improved dramatically the in the past couple years. I am supported by management to make bold bets and they are paying off. Love the innovation and the accelerated product releases
Good work-life balance. Interesting work. Latitude to execute. Great support.
Best in class benefits and perks, room to move around, award-winning approaches to some issues. New CEO is a great choice!
Work life balance, opportunities, pay, benefits, interesting challenges. You can create your own job as long as you are curious and driven. Finding the right group can be incredibly rewarding and generally not hard to do.
At this satellite office: Pay is great relative to other companies in the area, large enough office to have a good community and café, very intelligent peers.
Good pay, great vision
I get to work on really big things at a scale that few people get to experience. I have a lot of autonomy to do things in a way I think they should be done. I work with very smart people who are driven. We're rich so I have lots of resources at my disposal.
job security, work/life balance is ok, work in individual offices
I did 4 teams at Microsoft (XBOX, Windows, Office, Surface), the pros are: -Really nice and smart people. -Benefits are awesome. Salary is great. Immigration services is "ok". Lot of vacations. -A terrific work balance. -A lot of humanity, it's hard to be lay off. -You learn a lot. -You have a huge impact (Windows or Office == millions of users)
Pay is industry leading, the projects and work coming out of Microsoft will put us back on the very top of the technology food chain in the next 18 months!
edge of high tech fast pace excellent perks
- Stable job that understands the need to make time for the family. - Lots of different opportunities across the company, so if you don't have something you like the first time, there is another opportunity once you get in. - Good and long overdue changes are happening within the company.
Great benefits, family oriented, decent work-life balance. This is a great company with tremendous resources, doing amazing work in the technology industry. Lots of really smart people here.
You manage your own time (with some limitations) but pretty much, if you are not in a very important phase of a milestone you can manage your own time while you still deliver. They will never ask you to work on weekends or stay late, or if needed they'll pay for food or other treats.
Flexible, family oriented environment with breadth of businesses.
super company, good working enviroment
Excellent life/work balance, good working environment
The stock didn't drop too much
Good benefits, work life balance is better than the newer generation of tech companies (FB, Google, Amazon), well established company with virtually unlimited resources.
Even modified benefits are excellent. People are very smart and the experience is priceless. If you learn to do what makes your leadership hierarchy happy, not make waves and tell the story as they want to hear it, you can flourish and grow. This is not necessarily a bad thing, but you need to personality accept and work in this environment and accept good results as oppose to better or best.  In Redmond and most of the world, the working environment (physical) is really nice and rewarding.
I experienced good work life balance. There is no shortage of challenges. Good people to work with. Competitive salary. Flexible with locations since you can change teams withing the company.
Good compensation, talented co-workers, and a plethora of opportunities. Generally positive work environment, though this can change based on the team you are on.
Salaries are great. Challenging environment
You have all the resources you can imagine
First 10 years were productive and collaborative.
Excellent benefits while providing competitive salaries.
Great benefits, smart people, amazing resources.
Lots of talent around you. Lot of learning opportunities. Gives lot of importance to employees.
I've only been here for a year but in that time I've managed to build quite an impressive resume that has attracted many offers from other companies. The work, in any department, is well respected in the industry and the opportunity to move within the company to many different divisions is huge plus, especially for someone knew to the industry who isn't entirely sure what field they will work in long term.
You will work with a group of really smart people. If you have never worked at a big company, you can cross that off of your bucket list.
Lots of opportunity, big challenges, good compensation package. Lots of very smart people. Rarely fall short for lack of resources.
Good compensation package, great work-life balance, lots and lots of different opportunities to enjoy.
Pay, benefits, vision, customer focus
Great benefits, flex hours, collaborative environment, smart people
I get to work on projects in scope and scale that have never been done before, with new technology.
great benefits, flexible working hours, flexible for interview transfer
The key characteristic of my time here is that I've defined my own job role through innovation and strategic thinking. I have the freedom to plan and execute initiatives outside the scope of my job role, and the support and encouragement of management to take bold steps forward.
You get to learn new things everyday!
fairly flexible time schedule and culture that values your personal time off. You can find a busy group/team with high collaboration demand, or slow moving team where you move to your pace. Variety of projects to keep you stimulated and great opportunities available to add value to a team and to projects.
Talented individuals High levels of professionalism
It is a great place to be among high intellectual capital and excellent work opportunities. The company and management is supportive of employees moving into new roles every 2 years. If you like breadth of experience, that is great opportunity. Time off is more than fair and compensation was very competitive.
Get to work on some really innovative technologies and affect hundreds of thousands of customer with your features. Smart co workers who work hard. Really cool opportunities to use the MS big data collection to improve customer satisfaction.
Lots of scopes to learn. They have different course based learning system (both online and in person) which helps to move forward in your career.
Smart people to work with, amazing array of opportunities within the company to try out, benefits are good. Chance to make a huge impact with such a variety of products.
Experiences that come at you quick and opportunity to grow in your career.
Good pay, good work life balance. Nice benefits. I love this area as well
Pay was great full relo. Big problems
Great co-workers, collaborative atmosphere, One Microsoft is breaking down barriers between groups. Great health benefits and competitive pay at senior levels. Work-life balance on most teams is reasonable - people work hard, but on their own time.
Great benefit packages and discounts available for a large number of restaurants and entertainment options in the area. Very low key work environment.
You get to work with some of the smartest, most brilliant people, there's always a great opportunity to learn while at Microsoft.
Experience!!, Self-management, Leadership Exposure, Freedom
Love the work life balance and all the perks.
The best reason to work at Microsoft the people are very smart and willing to help. The salary is very competitive in the market.
The company benefits are pretty solid. Though seems like some benefits are on the downward trend a bit (less HSA contributions.. Leaving gap for deductibles)  I am lucky to be on a team with a boss than absolutely believes in me and counts on me. He continues to expose me to senior environments for my career advancement. A supportive boss is really what you need.
-While the amenities can't match Google or Facebook, overall the pay and benefits are superb like most tech companies. -Despite the fall in reputation, it's still a major tech company who works on big things with big impact and whose name still carries a lot of power. It also still has a lot of very smart people. -Under the right set of conditions, you can enjoy a really prosperous career here. -From an external perspective, they have good corporate ethics. It may not be relevant to the day-to-day work of employees as much, but it still deserves to be called out as a major pro. -They are starting to have some of the right ideas at the top, which was not always true in the past. -It will take several years to see how Satya Nadella performs as CEO, but the initial impression has been a positive one.
Nothing I could think of other than the ability to work from home one day every week, but nowadays most companies adopt this work-life strategy
Fast paced. Smart people. Resources, resources, resources. A lot of opportunity. Always a new challenge to conquer. Amazing campus (Redmond), with more amenities than most 5-star resorts.
smart people, great teams, great perks, work across enterprise and consumer products, work on devices, cloud services, productivity software, gaming - you name it, Microsoft does it.
Salary. Natural Beaty of surrounding area.
Benefits, location, personal growth, perks
The company name is known, that is about it. MSFT does eventually get things right if you can call that a pro. You go through a massive struggle along the way because they seem convicted around getting everything wrong, not admitting it, and continuing to argue the point with you, before finally having so much market/customer back lash that they can't deny the problems anymore.
The pay and benefits are fantastic. It is a stable company. It's not going anywhere. It's a big company. When you get bored, you can transfer to another product without losing your pay, benefits, seniority, etc. Many groups are doing exciting work. People around the world depend on the software and product you make. I had great work-life balance, but this depends on the group.
Good opportunity to move around!
Benefits at Microsoft are very good such as bonus, health insurance plan, retirement plan etc. We currently in a team room which I think is a great way of collaborating with your colleagues.
good pay and valuable experience
Microsoft has it all. Name a technology and someone at Microsoft is working on it.  Several things that Microsoft has done have been hugely successful, most obviously Windows and Office. Those revenue streams have helped the company create a broad foundation in other areas, including the successful Xbox business, cloud computing, and a real strength in the enterprise that no other software company can match.  Nowadays, it feels like Microsoft might be getting it's mojo back, which is a really good thing.  Overall very solid benefits packages. And as far as culture goes, Microsoft's annual giving campaign and matching gifts programs make it clear that giving back to the community and world is a company priority. The company matches not only cash donations but also dollars per hour of volunteer time too.
Great work/life balance, and great compensation and benefits.
Great learning opportunities. Great place for those in early career who have much to learn and want broad experience.
Client interface was very positive.
Vacation as soon as hired (1week) Free Phone(Employee Plan available) Free Tablet
Company takes good care of its employees, pays well.
Met a lot of great people and life-long friends...
Great benefits and it is a great place to be early in your career (years 3-5). Takes the competition seriously Good use of its own technology internally Excellent community focus and gives back/encourages employees to do so too
best, smartest people in the industry
Good perks, interesting people. You have the opportunity to impact billions of people at a time.
Smart people around you that you can work with and learn from.
Great working environment, smartest people, great benefits,
work-life balance, multiple areas to switch to
Plenty of opportunities to grow professionally. Surrounded by the best professional Working with the latest technology Great salary and best in the word benefits
Very Good Infrastructure, Lots of Data/Products to work with
This is still a great company to work for in, even in these troubled economic times. The products and services you work on still have global impact. With new leadership at the top the future could be bright.
Worked with a lot of really bright people. Good benefits. They have the infrastructure to be able to accomplish a lot. Beautiful campus.
Great, diverse, creative team. Good pay and benefits.
Microsoft pretty much as a group doing something you will be interested.
Smart people, self driven, flexible, great benefits, fantastic work environment, exciting products, top notch technology, fun
Professional people, strong work ethic, good work life balance
Great company to work for.
- Free drinks - Reasonably good benefits (Although these are being eroded now) - Can attend training courses (If you ever find available time to do it)
Company builds some very exciting products and is showing more openness to hear the market's feedback. Potential with new organizational structureand CEO to realize some of the great potential.
Good pay, Stable job, Lots of technical resources, MSR has tons of cool stuff going on (but you need a phd to join)
Been here nine years and made good friends at work. People have their hearts in the right place but very bi-polar. Extremely nice then extremely angry.
high salary and good conditions
Good products, compensation and benefits. Technical training is good as are the people you'll work with. If you have a good manager you should be happy, if you don't you'll have a vastly different experience.
world class benefit overall compensation is high if you can meet your sales quota work with latest technology work with a lot very bright people flexible work environment
lots of Innovation, very competitive compensation
Excellent pay and lots of career opportunities internally once you get your foot in the door. Benefits are stellar, especially if you're working in the Seattle area. The company has a portfolio of AMAZING products that most people aren't even aware of and everyday is an opportunity to learn something new. As long as you're proactive about your career development and network with the right people, this can be a great company to stay with for a long time.
Everything moves very fast. My colleagues are fun to work with. I like being in a company that makes a positive difference to millions of people. Perks, training opportunities, available resources are abundant.
Lots of very smart people. Some interesting technologies
The company treats you very well.
health care, 401k, scope of work
Benefits, salary, work-life balance, competent co-workers
Great Benefits, awesome resources, super smart people for the most part
While working at Microsoft, I received great benefits and great bonuses. My fellow coworkers really made the job as enjoyable as it was. Great energy.
Good Benefits and plenty of challenges
Good resources to get job done, ideas welcome.
It's a big company and you learn a lot
1. Great worldwide community of (mostly) connected thought leaders in a wide range of areas 2. Progressive HR and career/learning management 3. Respectful environment 4. Lots of different opportunities if you're game
seems to be heading in right direction now
Good products, good perks, good salary.
Great company, benefits, changes the world, cool products
Great place if you are in the right department with experienced manager
Good benefits, good career opportunities and great talent
Microsoft provides an incredible scope of opportunities and positions. I would recommend it to anyone interested in trying alternative career paths within a challenging environment. You will work with some of the brightest and supportive people in the industry.
ARRRRRRRRRRRRR Zap Powiee Yuck, Nothing I can think of NOTHING positive about my experience
I have been at Microsoft for over 3 years after 20 years with other IT Services firms. I could not over-sell how impressed I am with the culture, comp and benefits of a company for its size. Specifically, the comp and benefit components leave the competition in the dust. NO Comparison! I LOVE working at Microsoft! Loving the new direction so far with Nadella...only time will tell for sure.
All the people were very excited about their work and shared just how much they'd learned from their time at Microsoft. One called it a "free, continued education."
- Cares about their employees - Pays well - Good work/life balance.
great for personal growth. The benefits are good as are the perks.
A great place to work. Specially you can meet some very small people.
Smart people, massive variety of things to work on. Exciting, Challenging tasks. Freedom to innovate. Superior work life
Money, benefits, exceptional software engineers, exceptional resources and knowledge base
A lot of opportunities to move around big transition and re-org big ecosystem friendly peers benefits good work to life balance
The company has great benefits, a competitive salary, and generally competitive colleagues. The headquarters have some nicely designed buildings, and you get your own office, if that is your thing.
Great projects, still plenty of innovation, execution people continue to be a premium Compensation including benefits was more than fair for my responsibilities
Technical growth opportunities are limitless.
The sheer number of opportunities that are available.
- Access to entirely new work/product areas when you get antsy for a change - Fair pay - Talented workforce - Access to anything you need to be successful (work machines, tools, expensive market research, training, legal, etc.)
Great, fun place to work at. Good benefits, good work life balance. A lot of flexibility to move within the company. Microsoft was fumbling for a while, but they are now aligned to a single vision, and have high potential to execute.
Work/life balance is by far the best reason to work for Microsoft. As long as you get your work done, management is very understanding of the necessity of making sure you dedicate the right amount of time and energy to your personal life.
Overall good benefits, good compensation. A wide variety of projects to work on makes it easier to learn and grow along the career path.
Compensation is competitive with Apple/Google/etc Work life balance is, from what I hear, better. Good job security. Seattle is a very cool place to live. I enjoy being the underdog. Microsoft hardware is up and coming.
Very smart people to work with. Building great products. Good work Life Balance
Great people, great scope of problems to tackle, compensation is very competitive, benefits are comprehensive. In general, the company has enormous resources to actually, truly change the world in many meaningful ways - it's just a matter of the company not getting in its own way and allowing its talent to thrive.
Lots of talented people to learn from and great training programs for college hires. Excellent company to learn product management. Ideal work/life balance.
Excellent benefits, decent work/life balance
Excellent benefits, decent work/life balance
It is a big company. I am sure there are other teams with better work atmosphere. Make sure you know the GM is a sound guy. Work culture in group trickles down from top.
Top IT Company with Cloud, Mobile and BI
projects are great. lots of diverse projects to pick from.
Microsoft is a great place to work if you want a fast paced environment, with long hours, and high intensity. It is a great place to get experience, but difficult for System Engineers, as there are not a lot of opportunities across the greater organization.
Great Growth, Benefits are amazing, diversity
The benefits (early on), fast paced, technology
Medical/Dental/Vision Benefits, well-resourced organization, great experience to have on your resume.
At Microsoft, you get to work on cutting edge technologies and compensation is more than satisfactory. Maintaining a work-life balance is completely possible. Time off is ample and health benefits are among the best ones offered in the industry even with the recent changes due to spiraling costs. What you do can affect literally millions of people and you have the opportunity to bring about change for the better.
Great internship opportunities! You are able to get a great background with this amazing experience at Microsoft. It is just amazing!!
You get from your career what you put into it at this company. You can sky rocket or coast.
Great benefits including good insurance coverage and prime card, and company store products.
A good place to work and impact the life of many.
The perks are great, though the benefits are not as good as they used to be. I work with a lot of very talented and smart people. Programs are very well funded. Salaries and bonuses are good. Microsoft is universally recognized and many companies are very interested in hiring current and ex employees.
Name recognition, compensation, work-life balance and flexibility, benefits, potential to work with great teams and manager, ability to move within the company, career opportunities,
it is very diverse and you can basically work on anything and horn your skills
Good salary and benefits. Good experience.
Good place to earn new technology.
Very impactful to global software and impacting everyone in the world in software that you've made and design and sell. It really allows you to do your great work if you are ambitious and if you are creative. Also, it is not limited to doing the traditional test work that testers are supposed to do. You are only limited by your imagination.
Nice weather and close to Tahoe.
Huge breadth of job opportunities for those working at the HQ location. Great flexibility to get your job done and not have to work in a "clock in, clock out" environment A lot of momentum with company direction with new leadership
Lots of smart passionate people. A variety of opportunities from consumer to enterprise. You probably have as wide a variety of opportunities in the tech field as exist at any single company.
Lots of cool projects to work on, lots of flexibility.
Cool technology to work with
Intelligent people, great products getting better
Smart people, training structure is great for on-boarding and every process is well structured,
Some of the brightest people and cutting edge technology
Good salary compensation, nice bonus system, great medical insurance coverage, nice place to work in terms of both office space and people you're working with.
Great benefits, easy going work place, not super fast paced, great lifestyle company, can WFH or OOF often with little notice. Good pay for the area.
Resources to do almost anything because of the size. Different business models and sales models provide a great learning environment.
good salary and good benefit
plenty of training available, extremely smart coworkers, good work life balance
- Good Salary - Challenging work
Friendly and straightforward Entire experience was streamlined Great Atmosphere. Lots of opportunities to interact with novel tech.
Been here for almost 9 years. - Play with new technology - Work with really intelligent people - Pay is competitive but see Cons on gender inequity - Benefits are still top notch - New performance mgt system removes internal competition - New CEO holds promise - Great work life balance
I am working here because this company is good
Salary and career progression is very good if you can pick a good industry and think and execute in collaboration with your team.
Humble, always questioning ourselves. Continue to be surrounded by some of the smartest people one will ever meet. Diversity is strong across most groups, leads to a well rounded approach to customers/products. You build a career here and are constantly growing vs. 'getting consumed and burnt out' that is becoming so common for other companies in the Seattle area.
Access to cutting edge MS technologies to experiment with Good benefits Hardworking and smart people around so you get encouraged to think and work smart Good training and seminar options MS is going in the right direction with now being a devices and software company, I think exciting things are happening and we will see great products going forward
Pay is good also free and cool work perks
- To some people outside the "circle", they would respect you for being a Microsoft employee, especially in other countries. - H1B sponsorship - Smart, competitive people around you. A lot to learn from peers and managers
Microsoft offers the opportunity to work on the forefront of new technologies, dogfood Microsoft products, and visibly impact users on a global scale. Generally, management is good from top to bottom, and pay, benefits, and work-life balance are excellent. As long as you are meeting and exceeding expectations, you go home when you are satisfied with your day's work. There is a clear, incremental advancement path unlike some other big 4 companies. Possibly most importantly, Microsoft is on the rise and beginning to innovate at a high rate.
Benefits are really good. Pay is competitive.
Work/life balance, flexibility, you can make your job whatever you want it to be, you are in control
Good benefits. Most teams have a reasonable work-life-balance approach (some to not). Great amenities and environment.
compensation and benefits are good to very good. Medical was outstanding up until 2 years ago and moved to a savings account model, not bad, but not nearly as good as before. Work/Life balance is also very good and not abused.
Microsoft is surely the largest software company in terms of diversity of products it makes money from. Unlike most of the competitors, its income is not primarily coming from one source but from many sources such as OS, Online Business, Enterprise etc. etc. It's very hard to shake such a well established company with a few very strong competitors. Even if Microsoft starts losing money in one business, it will still have a lot of income from other businesses which will give Microsoft enough time and flexibility to catch up with the competitors.
Matches skills and aspirations with project alignment. Provides growth avenues.
Really talented, ambitious and driven co-workers - you get to work with the best! Great compensation. Really good work-life balance compared to other tech companies of the same caliber. Our new companies values and strategy is awesome!!
They have most quality of life things figured out, good benefits, good work-life balance, good folks to work with (very few jerks) and there is a solid technical track that doesn't push you to become a manager to advance. If anything, technical chops are more appreciated than managerial sway.
Amazingly smart and passionate people who now realize we're no longer in the drivers seat but must work smart/hard to delight customers and excite employees. Great compensation/benefits, attention paid to work/life balance and now we have a leader that "gets it."
Advancement, Culture, Colleagues, Benefits and Location
Great Benefits Includes a stay fit program, you get $800 to spend every year on health activities Global company enables to build relationships around the world Good salary
Smart people, good benefits, stability. There is a fair amount of variety in the bay area but nothing like what there is in Seattle of course.
culture, compensation, technology, resources and work life balance
Normally a great place to work, IF you have a good group
Microsoft has unbelievable infrastructure and support to help you get your job done. The people who work here are very smart and passionate. Great pay and benefits.
You get to work on good algorithms and loads of perks.
All the way to the top, the hierarchy of the company cats about the people they work for and with.
great company to work for
Smart colleagues, very friendly casual work atmosphere, opportunity for career advancement, and amazing benefits (yes, perhaps still the best in any where in the Puget Sound). The company and management cares about your well-being.
Variety of technologies and products to work on, benefits, quality of employees
The hours were great. I worked from 8 to 3 everyday. A lot of people in my group worked a ton of hours but I felt that they were doing mostly BS work such as spending a lot of time tweaking numbers on a Excel spreadsheet that they would then copy and paste into a PowerPoint that no would be able to read anyway. I never understood why people spent so much time on presentation that were still so terrible in the end.  The benefits were also great. I don't have kids, but it seemed great for people with kids. If your kid gets sick, you can just work from home for a day. The flexibility is amazing.  In general, work life balance at Microsoft is great for the life part of the equation, but not so great for the work part of it.
There are a lot of great things about Microsoft. There are so many great, intelligent, innovative, talented and fun people who work there. They are diverse and I respect that. I loved being on the cutting edge of technology. It was great having all the new Microsoft technology right there for us to use. The company has good benefits too. They do their best to make the work environment comfortable and provide a lot of alternative places to sit and work. They have a healthy attitude toward letting employees work at home with very flexible hours. I worked here for several years and I saw many changes over that time - some good, some not so good. Overall, I enjoyed most of my time at Microsoft.
Great pay, great benefits, many options across plenty of products, unlimited growth potential. It's an exciting time to join the company, many of their technologies are finally converging!
learn how to resolve dependency
good company, takes care of people
You get to play with the newest stuff before it even becomes the newest stuff
Smart people Work hard and you are rewarded Great compensation and benefits
Smart, ,passionate and friendly people to work with good work life balance meaningful/impactful product
The company has a lot of smart people Good products Good exposure to technology that is used by millions
Good benefit, well balanced work life.
Smart people. High quality co-workers. Very visible project that can influence lives of millions of people.
Great place to get a breath of experiences.
Competitive salaries, lots of movement if you like to change jobs alot. Company is so big and in so many markets and market segments just about every job you would ever want exists somewhere at the company. Employee review process, goal setting process and career growth process are very formalized.
Comprehensive training fully prepares the employee for their selective tasks.
huge portfolio of products, you can always find something new to work on. Great flexibility to move from one team to another one. great benefits, awesome work-life balance
Experienced people who know a lot about industry
Compensation and perks are right up there... at least if you work in Puget sound. Obviously the enterprise is big enough that there is loads to explore Excellent work-life balance (depends on the team though) Very friendly people (mostly)
Great benefits, life/work balance. Opportunities for growth across business areas and industries
I love working for Microsoft, the environment is laid back, we can make our own schedules, free beverages, etc.
- Ability to impact to millions of customers - Good work life balance - Great HR and focus on employee satisfaction - Awesome immigration processes - Philanthropy is encouraged and the best employee giving program on the planet
Relaxed. dont need to work hard
Great impact - all the work I do impacts people across the world in fundamental ways  Very challenging problems. The software we write runs across so many different systems and supports so many people, the problems abound. It is very rewarding to tackle those  Great breadth of challenges. You can work in a variety of areas, from OS to databases to UI to web services all within the same company. It's easy to grow your capabilities  Redmond WA is a very nice place to live
good place to learn Microsoft technology
Smart people. Global impact. Well known and respectful brand around the world.
The best benefits around: good pay, excellent medical, free drinks, etc.
Great pay Intelligent co-workers (for the most part) Flexible schedule Awesome Projects with broad impact
Most of the folks that work here are super bright and fun to work with. The software projects can be interesting but there is also lots of legacy code that just needs tweaks with every release.
Great benefits - PTO (3-5 weeks), 2 weeks Sick Leave, 4 weeks Paternity/12 weeks maternity leave PTO, very good health plan with HSA (employee has to pay out-of-pocket until a deductible is met, company contributes too, Plan was great till end of 2012), individual office with lots of privacy - this is a great plus if you are coming from a cubicle culture, flexible hours, great infrastructure, lots of smart engineers, good pay compared to others in the Seattle area. If you can shut yourself off of the middle management incompetency and maintain a good relationship with everyone, you'll get a steady growth. Work-life balance in general is very good with 40-50 hours though it depends on the team where you may have to put in 60+ hours and weekends. Consider working for a core team if you want to be around smart engineers.
Great benefits, competitive pay, wide range of opportunities
Scope of responsibilities is higher than many other places. Benefits are excellent and the work life balance is a real priority.
At Microsoft, you can work in close partnership with multiple OEM's, H/W vendors and chip manufacturers, and write software which can make a real big difference for a device that is coming 2-3 years down the line. Which other company cares about enterprise performance on 1000 CPU machine?
Ok pay with good benefit
Great benefits, good pay, exciting culture, fast paced
Good people, Good company to have on your resume for further job searches.
You get to work with clever people on big problems and for a company that is well resourced. Great benefits and reasonable compensation.
Opportunity to work on and learn a lot of great things about software development Work on the latest greatest ALM tools from Microsoft. Very smart people to work with and most people are great to work with. Free Soda, Candy and Coffee Benefits
Great organization, team and people. One of the best positions you can have in MS. It combines both technical and strategic skills.
Flexible work schedule, great people, decent pay and fun environment, lots to learn
Great compensation package. Lots of extracurricular activities for the employees and their families. Overall, the leadership team really cares about the employees and their families. My family have had many fun times interacting at social events at Microsoft.
The salary is good and you get a lot of discounts/perks. Flexible schedules so you can go to appointments during the day.
Large company with opportunity to move around. Great team collaboration and support. Positive work environment and lots of great perks!
Work-life balance, growth, medical benefits, culture, employees
microsoft has tons of resources at your disposal. it's a great place to start your career in software engineering. you get to build a solid engineering foundation.
compensation, location, people, team, friends
Fun products to work on. Fellow team members are great to work with. The content groups at Microsoft may not be shipping code, popping champagne at parties, or hob knobbing with fancy upper level types, but, content publishers are down to earth, creative, smart, and work earnestly to give Microsoft customers helpful information. They work super hard to save customers. Many content teams have great feedback systems where you will be able to see how effective your content is. And many systems provide customer comments that can be extremely complimentary.  Choose the group. Have informational interviews with the boss and team members if possible before applying for something. If you feel cozy with the boss and other teammates, have a formal interview. If you sense a negative or stressed out spirit, don't interview. Have an informational with another manager and keep moving til you find good people.  Great working environment. Nice cafeterias. Pretty good health coverage, although the paperwork and overhead required to manage reimbursement can be a little time consuming.
The company is big enough that you may find a niche that you belong in
Decent pay and great benefits Great work life balance (If you're in the right division) World class minds to work with Global impact on millions of users Growing design focus
Good benefits and compensation. Smart, hardworking people who challenge you to do your best
Decent pay and great benefits Great work life balance (If you're in the right division) World class minds to work with Global impact on millions of users Growing design focus
Good benefits and compensation. Smart, hardworking people who challenge you to do your best
great work life balance, talented peers, excellent benefits
Smart people, challenging problems to work on
They really know how to have fun while still working hard.
Great opportunities to work on diverse products over a career, nice campus environment, reasonably good compensation, nice turnaround to remove stack ranking and focus on value through helping others
Made a bundle back when options were king. In my latter years the salary plus bonus was great but the big money was behind me (early 2000s). Being a consultant is great of you like to do something different every day and not stick around when the sh** hits the fan.
Benefits and Pay were high for the Seattle area. Good work life balance once you got into the flow of your role. Some good managers and team members. Good time-off policy. If you know the senior people you will be in good standing - it all about your manager.
Provides full-time status, great for networking.
You receive good pay and benefits. You get to work on interesting and challenging problems. You can decide the pace of your career. Microsoft is a huge company with thousands of teams. You can move to learn a different technology in a new team every few years without ever having to move out of the company.
reputation..departments to switch to try out new things
Lots of freedom in day-to-day work and problem solving.
Great benefits, great perks, great campus, flexible hours
Great large company to work for with good structure and top benefits. Amazing projects and software to work on. Great culture and smart people.
People who are super smart and driven. An exclusive enclave of engineering folks, always challenging each other to improve. Of course, it takes time to find any diversity and as a female director you will be isolated.
Work with bright and talented teammates, great benefits, solid compensation, opportunity to work on products that have usage bases of millions / hundreds of millions, ability to change teams within the company (Microsoft's size as a strength)
Lots of freedom and opportunity to innovate and grow
Good benefits (401k matching, non-profit donation matching, company shuttles, etc.) but not many perks (no free food, snacks, etc.). Quality of managers vary between teams, but generally better trained than most in the industry. Learning opportunities abound as long as you're self-motivated.
Working with wonderful people, outstanding benefits. Real challenges to be met. Always someone to learn from.
The number of technical and technology business challenges are practically limitless, even if you have to seek them out. Great company for learning and personal self development.
Compensation and benefits package is very good, although not as good as a few years ago. Flexible work schedule is helpful for those with families. Lots of smart individuals to work with.
Everyone is really results driven and focused. Everyone has a great team work mentality. My manager was very open for questions and advice.
Great products, awesome team. Real smart people. Products have gigantic user base, very rewarding to see your work being used by so many people
It's a great company, and while working there I felt very proud to be part of it. The licensing/software side of the business, which is their cash cow is fantastic and a true example of what a company should do
lots of smart people. Very individual driven
Good company to develop your skills.
People are great, compensation is good.
stable company with good projects
Exciting and full of opportunities. A lot of very talented people. Opportunities to get good training. Good benefits.
Great growth opportunities, especially if you have a good work ethic. Working with super smart people is refreshing!
Numerous choices of technology / areas to work with, super smart co-workers, continuous learning opportunities, greater community participation / volunteering opportunities, flexible hours, diversity and excellent benefits for employees and family, great schools around for kids.
Microsoft has a huge infrastructure designed to enable their employees to make the most of their experiences, including a very robust HR implementation that makes benefits support extremely easy. I left before the new "review" system was put in place, but that was a promising move as well. People are generally passionate about doing well. There is really no limit to the kind of product you can work on, so as your passions go, so can your place in the company.
The best thing about working for Microsoft is the opportunity to be around very smart people all day every day. The company also has a lot of financial resources, so generally speaking you don't feel constrained by money in terms of achieving goals.
Amazing people to work with, way beyond leaders in their field. Good pay and benefits. Company values are much higher than popular opinion and much higher than others in the industry.
A lot of product which brings in tons of $
Microsoft has lot of opportunities. It's still a relatively good company to work for. There are a lot of high revenue products. Very nice people in my team.
Microsoft has lots of money and decent benefits. Some of the middle management is OK.
Good pay, good on resume to have experience from here, learn a lot about very competitive environments, learn to produce work quickly at the highest level possible.
1.Work with some of the smartest people in the industry. 2.Learn great software engineering practices and processes. 3.Meet and learn from people who wrote various engineering books and articles. 4.Prestige of working for Microsoft R&D. 5.Flexible work schedules to match your work life balance and to spend time with family. 6.Great pay and benefits which are competitive in the industry 7.Decent work life balance 8.What you implement will be used by millions of people around the world and that is a very satisfying thing to know that you can impact a global change.
Great technology. Intra-team collaboration often okay.
The Xbox division is great, you work in the videogame industry, which usually pays less than the average software developer because everybody wants to work there, but get paid competitive salary because Microsoft pays on a level range, whether you work for Xbox, Windows or Office.
good work life balance, nice benefit
good team, changing culture and review system. in the service side working like a startup.
MS has money, talent, patents, and all the assets to be successful.
Platform and reach to impact the world through variety of Microsoft assets Solid benefits and decent pay Tons of super smart people working for the right reasons - to make a difference
One of the best things about MSFT has always been the ability to take on very different roles and to work across any number of businesses. Benefits of course of first rate.
Team, culture, benefits are some of the best
Microsoft is continuing to improve as a company. Leadership change under a new CEO, new directions with a lot of their products, and an increased focus on improving customer experience. This has rippled all the way from upper management down to individual contributors, improving the quality of life and work for just about everyone here. It's a really refreshing change to see happening.
Great managers and great teams, cool projects to work on, passionate people, good opportunities to move to other areas in the company
People, and most of the products
Smart people, good benefits, flexible work environment
good environment to stay in
great opportunities, great people, good culture and lots of internal resources for growing professionally. the company also has great citizenship values.
Great company, Think of something in tech, and there's an opportunity here for you. New energy in company as it embraces cloud. Firing on all cylinders!! The company mints cash!
The company has strong established products and emerging products to work on.
Very talented and smart employees from diverse international backgrounds. Challenging assignments with solid reward for individual contribution. Great learning opportunities.
Open culture, Great work ethics, super smart people. Independence and work life balance are valued. Great place to nurture and grow a career - no shortage of challenging, fun things to do. Management is mature, and believes in empowering people.
Good work life balance. Great place for people trying to balance a career and family.
Some co-workers are ethical talented, and hard-working
Amazing benefits, full health coverage $800/yr on sporting goods/equipment Free Microsoft certifications (if you put in the work) Huge name on resume Incredible, talented, hardworking coworkers Great Compensation Package (Salary, Bonuses, Incentives, Raises) Top of the line technologies Many opportunities within the company Incredible, innovative culture
Opportunity to work with smart people every day
Lots of different things to work on all the time. Free to access anything of interest.
Pay, benefits, flexibility and the ability to work at the company for a long period of time.
Good benefits, good growth opportunities for junior devs, management here to help. Work life balance respected most of the time
Good environment, stable company. Variety to move inside company to work on different projects
- Smart people around - Good life & work balance - Good work environment
Lots of interesting projects - you can work in just about any technology field Lots of interesting people - you work with people smarter than you
cool technologies, verity of products with huge impact on the market, some positive culture change around One Microsoft goal
Lots of different work products to work on across consumer and enterprise features. Also the salary and benefits are great
This is a stressful position but there is alot to learn
Great compensation, people, and ideas
Comp, people, some products, good training
Diversity of project given to employees
Personal growth is good. Meeting with a lot of interesting people, most of them are very sharp. Good feeling about the great impact of daily work.
Flexible schedule, cooperative team members, benefits
Appreciated the opportunities to attend educational workshops and company meetings across different leadership groups.
Environment is great especially in Redmond
The pros are a great diverse environment for exposure to different cultures, fast moving projects and focused individuals.
+ Diverse range of products, technologies and skills. Very good place to have a broad range of skills. + Reasonable work/life balance. Though, it might vary team to team. + You will get to work with very smart people. + Good benefits - Pay, Paternity/Maternity leaves, 401k match, ESPP, Stock, good # of days of vacation, dental benefits are reasonable, health benefits are ok I guess, but the way they are rolling out the changes is horrible. + Good social and environmental consciousness.
100's of millions of users and a chance to make an impact and across a broad range of software that makes the world run. Windows, SQL, Azure, Office 365, Exchange - it's the way business and governments get stuff done. The stuff we do here matters!
Fast growth for another year
Flexible work schedule, full of smart and dedicated people, new performance model eliminates forced distribution, tremendous diversity of products and business lines
Competitive salary, if you are posted in HQ redmond then low cost of living (compared to bay area), excellent benefits, and a bunch of cool coworkers. Lots of opportunity to move around, make contacts and gain experience.
Amazing and passionate technical talent!
Working within a technology leader is like drinking from a fire hose.
Established company with leadership in many products and businesses. Amazing HR policies and perks.
Salary, smart people, great benefits. There's is plenty of opportunities for career growth or career shifts within the organization
Microsoft is a large and diverse company on the bleeding age of technology. Opportunities for learning, advancing in role, working in different types of business groups, and changing careers are abundant. Resources can be generous enough to support implementation of your big idea. A certain amount of risk-taking is encouraged. Salary and benefits are competitive.
Cool work, smart people. Massive variety of things to work on and easy transition between job positions. Can be dev, test, PM and switch across easily if you want. Never had any trouble.
Working from home definitely makes it easier to balance work-life, especially if you have a long commute or a family that demands much of your attention.
Interesting projects, cutting-edge technologies, smart people, lots of opportunities to learn something new, lots of opportunities to impact millions of customers
Salary, smart people, great benefits. There's is plenty of opportunities for career growth or career shifts within the organization
Great environment with very motivated and driven people, yet approachable and personal. Very, very smart talent around and hard workers.
Salary structure, environment, culture and benefits.
-So many brilliant individuals -Constantly improving its HR processes and personnel review system -Executives listen to employees -So many great businesses to work for, if your tastes change wrt the type of products or technologies to work on it's very easy to move between products or business groups -Is in the process of redefining itself and it's focus on devices and services -The engineering teams have a good focus on product quality -Satya as CEO
MS takes care of its employees, and encourages you to move around to try different roles and teams. Benefits are great. You get a great sense of security at Microsoft.
Flexible schedule. Broad choice of careers in multiple products/departments. $15k matching donation for money or time given to non-profits. Many benefits: Transportation, health, stock, 401k, paid sick and paternal leaves. Many bright and fun people to work with. Tremendous salary.
Stable job, relatively good benefits (not as good anymore since the golden healthcare plan with no co-pay, no-anything was taken away).
Smart people, access to some of the best resource you can imagine, great benefits
It was absolutely fantastic working side by side with so many intelligent and innovative people each and every day. Contributing on software products which can enrich people's lives was awesome.
culture, products, options, career development
learned a lot, good base salary and bonus
Benefits, flexibility/work-life-balance, compensation, global scale.
Technical challenges, people, work-life balance, great technical leadership, career growth opportunities.
salary, work/home life balance, flexibility.
Really enjoyed the ability to grow into roles and responsibilities with a global scale.
There are many opportunities to move around within the company, and you are encouraged to move around if you are unhappy.  Compensation/benefits are very good, I've never had any complaints there.
Good overall package considering opportunity to engage in challenging work, opportunity to reach lots of users and make significant impact, opportunity to work with really smart people, compensation and benefits, and work-life balance.
Great Benefits, Culture, Team, Everyone works together to support each other in the process. We don't come to the team to wish that everyone fails. We want everyone to succeed.
Some of the smartest technical minds in the industry, with the exception of the management that are more concerned about advancing their own careers at the expense of their direct reports.  The pay when you take into consideration the stock grants are above average.
Very dynamic and fast-paced environment. Multicultural and diverse team. Great products and brand name.
Great opportunity to learn, grow, and yes, change the world (if you would pardon the cliché). You can push yourself hard and reap the benefits, or if your life situation requires you to take work more slowly, you can do that too and still have reasonable reviews.
Great benefits, competitive salary, great place to work, work life balance is good. Managers you get are hit a miss :)
Working with the most talented people in the field, challenging projects, cutting edge technology, enterprise scale applications. The stack ranking for performance reviews is gone!
Good pay and benefits in comparison to other companies, great place if you don't want to be held accountable for the commitments you are supposed to be reviewed against.
The benefits are very good. The pay is very competitive and the products are top tier that provides a significant amount of value to our customers
Highly intelligent employees Complex cross functional work environment Good salaries
I like the focus on development in my department. The pay is prety good. I enjoy the terrific intelligence I encounter dailey with my coworkers.
Great benefit, great pay, awesome teammates, nice work environment
Decent Pay, great benefits, great group of individuals to work with, cool technology, training is decent and you get time to do it.
work at scale on products used by millions
Good benefits, not too demanding job.
excellent technology company, great work environment
Experiences and exposure to broad reaching technology platform, er monopoly.
Gain tons of corporate experience in technology, development, marketing, management, business and bureaucracy.
Surprisingly the pay is very good
Benefits, Pay, Perks in the Office
People working with you are very smart kind and helpful. You are likely to have your own office which is not common amount other softweare companies.
If you want you can move from one position to another getting more and more responsibilities while learning. I'll always be grateful for the opportunities Microsoft gave me.
vision, impact, people, ambition, strong businesses: Windows & Office. New growing business: cloud, xbox, etc..
Regardless of the area/business group you work in, the impact you can have can be tremendous if you have a solid management team - especially you immediate manager. Terrific benefits and potential for long term job satisfaction.
Surprisingly the pay is very good
Love working for Microsoft. Great company, Amazing people
Great training opportunities that will serve you well.
competitive pay , great benefits , living in northwest
Great pay, benefits, and perks. Very smart people. With all of the change, there are a lot of opportunities to do interesting work.
New CEO, lots of changes
- Interesting projects - Good benefits - Good hours - Good people
Joined 4 months back. Got a quick first promo.
The environement and cuulture is very good
Smart people, challenging work. Benefits quite attractive.
I enjoyed working here, I learned alot! :)
- Some businesses have great potential - Challenging problems
Opportunity to work with some amazing technologies and very smart people. Huge variety of work to choose from across a large organization. Life as a Senior engineer can be great with lots of interesting work and you can focus on engineering not meetings and politics. Lots of chances to interact with customers if you make time for it, even when its not part of your role. Microsoft has huge resources and can afford to invest heavily in research and development for the long term, there are only a few places you can work that are really able to do this. If you want to work on massive software projects that have a huge impact then Microsoft has a lot to offer.  Lots of opportunities to take on new challenges and learn new things provided your manager is supportive and your group is growing. There are some great managers at Microsoft and they make all the difference. Find a good one and work for them, follow them around if need be. Life at Microsoft is far better when someone has your back, especially at review time.  The salary and benefits package are still competitive but not as good as they were a few years back. Campus is being modernized and the working environment is good and getting better. For a large company the day-to-day work is pretty low friction in terms of needless rules, engineers have Admin access to their workstations etc.
Decent pay and very good benefits (great health insurance, discount gym membership, free bus pass, showers/locker rooms and locked bike storage, etc.) Flexible hours - just get your work done on time and meet deadlines Informal culture Tons of different projects and teams Free internal training programs, many of which are quite good Largest privately held free-communing/shuttle system in the country (MS Connector) Incredibly smart, driven people - not a lot of "dead weight" here
Great innovation and agility especially in the early 1990's. Many challenging projects involving interesting technology and algorithms.
One of the highest payers. Amazing benefits. Good worklife balance
Variety of products to work on. Smart coworkers.
flexible working time, good environment
A huge company that impacts the lives of millions. Very few companies offer that type of scale. Great opportunities for flexible scheduling and remote work. Real commitment to help employees advance and finally a move away from the long-despised review system.
flexible working time, good environment
1. Good if you want job security, 2. single office, enough private space.
Salary is pretty high, travel to places you wouldn't normally get to, work from home can be flexible depending on the department.
Microsoft do offer good benefits and great maternity and decent paternity leave. Good talent do exist at Microsoft but the management culture rewards those that promote themselves rather than the team.
When I started there it was a company full of wickedly smart people who all worked tirelessly, and sometimes isolated, to move the company forward. It was always a meritocracy and I was ok with that as you got to work on cutting edge technologies. The career development there was stellar and I was presented with multiple international opportunities that allowed me to make my home in the USA with stints in Europe and Asia to round out my experience.
Generally a good place to work. Compensation is pretty good. The facilities are top notch and some of the beverage benefits are very unique. Flexibility to work remotely is very nice.
There are lots of talented people here, and it's a company that has the resources to support you in achieving your goals. The company also has many, MANY teams that can give you more opportunities than a lifetime if you desire to change things up.
Amazing benefits, great support networks, and an increasing desire to innovate. The 2010's are a great time to join the company, both to make substantial impacts to a new strategy, and bring fresh ideas to the table.
Compensation was good. Job security. Data at large scale means there's potential to do some interesting work.
good pay, good benefits, smart colleagues
Very good benefits - medical, 401k, gym membership, etc. Work from home days are possible in some positions. Salaries are usually competitive, but not always exactly on par with other (perhaps less stable) companies.
Excellent compensation and benefits Ability to work flexibly/remotely Review system provides a good framework for growing and improving Lots of diverse job opportunities within the company itself
Great people to work with and enjoy the relationships built while working there
Good work-life balance if you insist. Probably not good for your performance review.
Good Pay Tuition Reimbursement Health Insurance 401k and stock options Fun retail environment (every day is different) Awesome co-workers
Microsoft is a stable, diverse, and powerful company, and it is full of talented and smart people. The benefits are great and better than most. There is also a lot of activity at the larger campuses - so never a shortage of events, lectures, or famous people visiting.
Work life balance, opportunity to work on breadth of technologies and teams, multicultural, good health benefits, flexible working hours, Redmond and areas around have good schools, Redmond and areas around not that expensive as California.
The company is very stable
Worked for 6 different groups and learned a whole bunch and enjoyed working with a lot of smart people
learned a lot about modeling and excel. Some smart people were working there as well. Senior management was pretty sharp.
Great place for starting your career: lots to learn, smart colleagues, great opportunities and huge resources
solid business, work life balancing, challenge development work
Company name recognition - If you say you work at Microsoft, people know who the company is. Free access to Microsoft software.
Lots of smart, passionate people to work with Ability to impact products that millions / billions of people use daily. Great place to learn and use the latest technologies
Get tech company. Great place to work.
Great People, Great Environment, Great Benefits, Great Work
Great pay, work life balance, smart people
Great people and exposure to a world glass company. Many incredible businesses to learn about or work in. I recommend working in or with the product teams- a lot more focus on the customer and less internal politics.
dynamic teams, very bright folks, like the directions the firm is going with regards to Culture
good environment, team work, product
Always working with smart people that are passionate about their work
Microsoft is a good place to work. The offices are nice, the people are smart. The company tries hard to focus on employee development.  Considering the size of the company, Microsoft is a well run business in most respects. Planning processes are well defined and executed. Organization structure is clear. People are very willing to work in a matrix and collaborate.
the scale and name was great put behind your name
Microsoft is still relevant, and has great development processes, but do try to join an org who wholly adopts agile if that's your thing. I've seen both Scrum and waterfall done well. I've also seen a large org make the shift and they were quite successful.  There really is nothing like being at MSFT when your org is asked to create a new product. Its staggering what 250 engineers can do in short timeframes with high quality.  if you are early in your career, you'll get great experience here.  As the workforce has gentrified, work life balance has improved a lot.
Benefits, benefits, benefits. Pay and compensation is competitive, and stock awards make it hard to leave. Biggest Pro is having the opportunity to move around the company and latch on to a group building a technology you love. They've also changed the controversial review model, which is good.
Smart people, great benefits, flexible hours, fun atmosphere, discounted software, educational benefits. Challenging work environment. Lots of opportunity for training if you know your desired career path.
Great benefits, good co-workers, excellent equipment.
Great pay, benefits, opportunities, growth
Great products, Benefits, technology, environment, team work, etc.
Flexible work schedule, good health/Dental benefits. The Stay Fit program is awesome!
Flexible work schedule, good health/Dental benefits. The Stay Fit program is awesome!
Smart people, nice perks, some autonomy.
Management is really good at allowing you time in your life to get it straight. As long as you meet your commitments there is no real pressure to over work.
Good pay and very interesting jobs, co-workers are usually very bright and good at explaining solutions to problems if one arises.
Context: Engineering Discipline, been with the company for a little over 2 years  - You feel like the company actually cares. The CPO Lisa Brummel often engages with employees in public ways and has a phenomenal attitude. Giving programs, health benefits, fitness incentives, continuing education, structured career conversations -- lots of things point to the company taking a genuine interest in your personal and professional well being (of course not without its own motives).  - Lots of room for growth at the lower levels, things start to become bottle-necked around the "Manager of managers" level  - Company is constantly reinventing itself. It can be a dinosaur in many ways (especially legacy code bases and antiquated engineering styles), but everyday we get closer to modernizing the entire company from the bottom up. This can also be a source of frustration, but is much more exciting.  - Product portfolio is second to none. This is the only company in the world where I can work on a PC OS, tablet hardware, machine learning algorithm, design a popular coding language, work on embedded technology, build a productivity suite, develop a game console -- and still be under the same corporate roof with no relocation necessary.
Technically challenging. Great people to work with. Great facilities and benefits.
-practically unlimited budget/resources -lots of smart people -no shortage of work
Smart people and great name brand company. It is hard to deny the fact that Microsoft hires the best of the best. Changing tides are still yet to determine what MS environment will be like under Satya but indicators look good.
No pressure for commission sales. It's run by a team based effort with members of the sales force helping and education the customers on new and upcoming products.
Fast paced , intelligent people, lot of opportunities internally
Good working environment, great benefits, employees are treated well. Smart people all around who are encouraged to think independently and question conventional wisdom. Great engineering focus.
- Good benefits overall - There are still lot of smart people around - Freedom to move within the company every two years
Lot to learn in terms of technology, products, you can experiment with new ideas and technology..you can also hop groups to leaen multiple products, processes..
Met a lot of great people.
Lots and lots of smart people Tons of resources to learn everyday Pay is good and so are the perks Awesome intern events especially the signature event Wide range of areas to work in The company is changing more rapidly then the outside can see, in a good way
Good place to work and learn.
The division that generates infrastructure and server software has been a quiet but strong performer over the years - and it isn't by accident. The strategy has been sound and leadership very clear - delivering strong business performance over consecutive quarters. This has been a great division to work in. The people are top notch - if you enjoy working with smart talented people, Microsoft is a great place to be.  Promotions are frequent thru the IC ranks - but as with any role, gets more challenging as you start managing people. The Director/Principle levels are particularly congested - expect it to be hyper competitive.  Benefits are strong and progressive - competitive with any company in the industry. As you earn tenure in the company, vacation time increases substantially, up to 5 weeks off/year as a US employee (other geos vary)  Finally, in terms of career opportunities, the great thing about Microsoft is it's diversity of businesses. From consumer to enterprise, Cloud to embedded software - there are a plethora of opportunities and no shortage of interesting roles.
Good tools and equipment. Products have global impact. Great benefits. Work with some of the smartest programmers on the planet
The people: smart, passionate, interesting. The perks: events, fitness benefit, Prime Card, Orca Card, pay. The location: close to Seattle, beautiful campus. The company: cool new things, also industry staples, tons of opportunities and niches.
each person has its own office
everyone at the company is super bright. good work life balance and family benefits
Good benefits and overall comp plan
diverse and fun fast pace and relax
we do not have a dress code ever. we get good compensation, and benefits. my bosses are kind and helpful
Amazing talent surrounds me everyday at work. We work on challenging problems together in a collaborative environment.
- Smart people lots to learn - Company has its heart in the right place. - Love the culture of giving
Excellence exposure for Sales Operations and Modelling
1. No matter where your passion lies, you can find something at Microsoft. In my seven years at Microsoft, I've seen people move across disciplines (Dev <-> PM <-> Test), technology stacks, teams, products, office location etc.  2. Roles are not airtight. I've seen Dev/test define the products and I've seen PMs churn out code - it really depends on you.  3. Generally very open culture - I been in meetings with DEs and they are fantastic to work with.  4. Great workplace - I can requisition furniture / books / hardware etc without filling out thirty forms or having to get approval from my upper management.  5. Great workplace II - (Generally) Very smart and aware people. Most people I've worked with are receptive to feedback and will accept fault and move on. This may be specific to my org though but I haven't noticed any politicking amongst the individual contributors.  6. Benefits... Best in the industry (if you ignore the free food bandwagon).  I can go on and on...
Microsoft offer some really good perks. The base salary is good and the ESPP(employee stock purchase plan) is well designed. The health benefits were very good in past but they are not as good as they used to be. You get to work on some really challenging projects. You have to keep learning and updating yourself at your job. This is not something that you do in your off time. You have to learn new technologies to perform your day-to-day work. Some of the people here are very talented. They are scary intelligent and you have a hard time to gauge their potential. A wide range of employees are average but average for Microsoft may be extra ordinary for some other companies.
* now (finally) getting a fire in the belly to break old traditions and go for innovation. Great time to ride this tide and get great stuff done.. * standard (for top-end software companies) stuff like - flexible hours (no one cares if the work gets done).. fair health care etc
A chance to work with some very bright individuals and if you are lucky to land in the right group,, a chance to work on products that are used by a large population of users.
Generally challenging work with competent colleagues
Technology stack, smart people, ability to see the efforts of the company applied on a global scale and benefiting all nations.
job stability, excellent benefits, overall good culture and work life balance
Good work/life balance. Good compensation.
Respect, Breadth, People, Facilities, Cafeteria,
Microsoft is a company with great opportunities for career advancement. I found it to be a very positive environment to work in, with a high chance of job satisfaction. I am now seeking full time employment with this company.
Compensation is comparable within industry, perks are good.
No risk of missing payroll, very good benefits, stock awards very valuable, overall comp good. Work with mostly smart people and plenty of work to do. The technology infrastructure is very good.
Good pay, decent benefits (not as good as previously)
Great benefits, great learning, Lots of diversification of products there fore lots of opportunities. Very technical and possibility of having a work life balance when one wants it
Flexible , Learning , Experience ,
Free Lunches, great management, great career growth.
Working with very talented people Great campus with lots of perks
Some of the most recognizable products in the world. Awesome work/life balance, great salary, benefits etc. Always something new happening.
Benefits were really great for my family
Pay is okay but job is demaning
Very smart and creative people Respectful and rewarding culture Able to move within company and across products and roles easily Lots of opportunities to learn and grow
Excellent company to work for,
Tons of opportunities to work with some of the brightest minds. Great place to move between various functions depending on your appetite.
Microsoft is a company that takes care of its employees. Great work-life balance and benefits, and you work with motivated, intelligent coworkers. The campus makes life really convenient - lots of great little perks like having a doctor, eye doctor and a hair stylist on campus, as well as a lot of food options. Work hours tend to be really flexible - you can work from home if needed, or take time in the middle of the day for an appointment, as long as you get your work done, management tends to be flexible.
many different projects. many optunities. big company with OK salary. good benefit.
Choice of moving between dev and PM roles, choice of changing teams within the company without greatly impacting green card process.
Opportunities to explore different roles within company
A challenging, interesting, mostly enjoyable place to work. Great work-live balance Tons of resources to enable you to do what you need to do for your business Can make positive impact on people's lives through citizenship programs BUT: You must manage your career - no one else will Don't stay in one place too long, or you lose relevance Treat each job like a project, and move on once you've achieved your goals in role
Stable company, has lots of cash
1) Great folks to work with 2) Lots of good talent 3) Lots of teams working on cool features
Great individual people, excellent products, fantastic salary and benefits. The best name recognition in the software industry - no one says 'no' to a meeting with Microsoft.
There are many opportunities for advancement
Variety of products to work on Mostly very smart peers to work with Strong benefits package (though not as strong as in past) No health insurance premium payments Based in the Pacific Northwest
Nice benefits, lot's of contacts.
Cutting Edge tech and loads of training!
A lot of talent, you can learn a lot of knowledge here
If you like to experience slavery this would be the ideal place.
There are really good people
Prestigious company, resource rich, quality people.
individual office, nice manager, good atmosphere
Great benefits. Awesome atmosphere and overall great company. Hoping the new CEO will free things up across groups to allow unhindered and less political work to get done.
There are a lot of great people to work with at Microsoft.
I loved the excitement of working on a new product and feeling like part of something big. I never missed a company party or meeting - there's nothing like clapping and using noisemakers with 18,000 other Microsofties when Steve Ballmer comes running out onto the stage at Safeco Field.
Challenging breadth - more opportunities to see how the whole world works Good Benefits (not as good as they used to be)
You always get to work on new and exciting things
Microsoft had the best healthcare benefits while I was there from 1999 through 2010. I have a family of three young kids and a wife with a serious medical condition. While at Microsoft, I never had to pay a penny out of pocket for any prescription, doctor visit, hospital stay or medical procedure.
Great benefits, every employee receives an office, good company store benefits, ample parking.
In the right team you'll work with great people and learn all the time. Microsoft is involved in a huge number of different products and roles, and mobility within the company is normally fairly easy. It can actually be a great place to learn new skills - after you've built a track record of success people will give you a try at things you probably wouldn't have been hired into directly.
Massive install base for software - the ability to influence the lives of millions
flexibility, challenges, people are generally good
Great benefits, amazing campus, good pay, Women and LGBT friendly work culture.
You can excel as an Individual Contributor or Leadership. Benefits are still very decent. Changes to performance review model
Good work environment. Good pay
Intelligent people, great opportunities to learn new things
trainings are very good for personal development
Having worked for Microsoft for 10 years now, I've learned that the experience you develop here will help you accelerate your career outside of Microsoft.
you get to work with very intelligent people
better health insurance, work life balance, you have you own single office, 3 weeks vacation
Active culture, good benefits, great people
Bright People Endless Budget Enthusiasm the main factor. Endless budget for big ideas
Strong self-awareness as a company, made up of highly driven individuals. High IQ but with values that focus on EQ as well, people that thrive have a good balance of skills. Ambitious market objectives with a strong focus on our customers, strong focus on community and giving back.
Great benefits, and flexible schedule
You get to work with the best people in the industry on projects that have global reach.
Smart people, big goals, exciting environment. Benefits are amazing.
At Microsoft you can literally work with a team to offer an epic product and then watch it fail or succeed, from early stages through design, implementation and then market reaction. And then there's an option to always keep working if that doesn't work out. If it does, you'll watch your promotion velocity improve to great proportions. If not, that's ok, go try something else every 12-18-24 months - many groups ship so many cool things you often can just move within projects under a group of directors.  The 2014 calendar year will be one of a lot of change: instead of performance ratings, the rewards will be handed out in a slightly more opaque process, but ideally taking into account an entire team's feedback, contributions through others, and I'm excited to see that happen.  With Satya onboard as the new CEO this will be a fun year and everyone will see the results in one way or another quickly.
pay, benefits, environment, work projects
The pay is good and the job experience enriching
- work-life balance - ability to influence products millions of people use daily - very competitive compensation/benefits package - opportunities to move into different projects/products/groups - EVERYONE I've worked with is sharp
Good fun work and interesting projects. The company culture encourages bringing good ideas and plans on how to meet business objectives to your work. If your ideas are approved, they become new projects for you to lead. In essence, you can use your creativity to generate the kind of work you would like to do at the company.
Learning opportunities. Scale and intellectual challenges Caliber of most people (especially in subsidiaries) Ambition of the company Internal mobility Perks International exposure (working with a truly global community/team)
MS offers great benefits and compensations.
Big company has various products to work for. You're allowed to switch products and groups after certain period after notifying your manager.
Lots of smart people to work who work hard and often want to do the right thing. Salaries are very good.
Big company with a lot to offer especially for entry level
Virtually unlimited options in terms of type of work, market, and geography in which you want to work. Smart and dedicated people who care deeply about their work.
Flexible hours and smart passionate co-workers. Many different products and markets to choose from. Allows for work/life balance.
It is a positive brand on your resume and the benefits are good
The pay and benefits are great. Microsoft is a very competitive work environment with a lot of really smart and talented people. If you thrive in this type of setting, it is a awesome place to work.
Great People, Great Campus, Amazing Pay and Benefits, Exciting and interesting work, lots of potential for career growth if you work hard.
smart people, benefits, work-life balance
Benefits cover not just yourself but the whole family
The best thing about working at Microsoft is that you get to work with a lot of extremely intelligent and passionate people. At the time I didn't put a lot of weight into that, but now that I'm working at a company where people are just punching the clock, I realize how invaluable that was. There are a lot of politics in decision making, but if you learn how to deal with the politics then it is manageable and your career can grow to all new heights.
At this branch office: pay is great relative to peer companies in the area, employees are very intelligent, and site is driven by strong engineering-focused management team.  Overall, great place to launch a career, but move out quickly or you will find your industry relevant skills diminish.
great work life balance and benefits. Lots of opportunity to grow with new areas in tech always cropping up. With the new reorganization the teams are starting to align better to business needs
Cutting edge technologies, lots of experienced professionals to learn from.
Big Company, a lot of opportunities
Great campus. Surrounded by smart people.
Lots of smart, motivated engineers to draw inspiration from.
Diversity, Nice Commons Area, family events
Work/life balance, diverse workplace, smart people. Notable charitable contributions/giving campaign.
Pay is good, though not enough to afford a house nearby, very talented engineers, interesting work.
Get to meet people from all over the world (not just 1-2 countries). Five languages were spoke in my hallway! Lots of benefits (which means marching to their drum). Get ahead of the curve on new Microsoft technologies.
smart folks, good talent and good challenges
Pay is good, though not enough to afford a house nearby, very talented engineers, interesting work.
Build products that millions of users use everyday. Work with great coworkers that are smart and dedicated. Great work environment. Employees are well taken care of.
Seattle is a beautiful city, everyone in Seattle works for Microsoft, thus all mental healthcare providers will accept your insurance. You WILL however have to wait months to get an appointment because the wait list of Microsoft employees in front of you is long.
New ideas and process are always in demand for those that can produce them.
Lots of smart people, decent benefits and package
smart folks, good talent and good challenges
Well paid, lots of very smart people.
Good vacation time, ability to work from home, generally smart co-workers
Leadership position (in some products), shaping the industry. Reach the whole world with your innovation
Lots of great technology, resources and access to information. Super smart people
Diversity of efforts, diversity of people. Driven to ship (in most parts) technical folks . Lots of competency in development.
good work life balance People always willing to help
Great company, real impactful work to impact customers worldwide.
Very employee friendly. Good benefits and work hours. Lots of technology areas to choose from. Plenty of freedom to experiment.
Microsoft is a fabulous place to work. Management is very empowering. Work life balance is terrific and the compensation is very competitive in the industry.
Amazing portfolio of businesses and product that if actually stitched into a seamless ecosystem could truly benefit people's lives. Some smart people in pockets but not many of them great at politics so marginalized
Great, smart people to work with. Challenging work and projects.
1. Smart people 2. Large portfolio of products/services. So, if you find out that you want to work in a different product because of your interest or experience, you can do so because you will find pretty much all the domains of computer science in the company. I have moved internally a couple of times. 3. Amazing benefits. Probably one of the best in the market (no free food like Google though) 4. Company encourages innovation via some internal programs where you can form a team in the company with as many people as you want and develop something cool and get noticed officially. 5. Lots of training programs for personal development  Bottomline, if you get a good manager, you can really excel.
Pros – - high job security - easy to stay top if you really work hard
Salary, bonuses, growth opportunities in your area
Salary, bonuses, growth opportunities in your area
Nice working culture across business
Great pay and benefits. It's filled with brilliant people doing great work. The projects that you'll work on there are huge. They will impact tens of millions of people.
Good pay, great benefits, great culture
$$$. Salary is less than Facebook or Google, but it's still significantly higher than most places. If you do good work and make sure the right people know about it, you'll be richly rewarded. Almost everyone here is extremely smart, so it keeps you on your toes. I also love having my own office.
Flexible, Lots of smart ppl
Autonomy, you are given expectations and provided you are a self starter, are innovative and driven, you should be able to succeed.
Great benefits, pay and supportive culture
Highly technical and exceptional developers.
It has lots of internal opportunities, relatively easy to switch jobs. You can try out different work styles: fast/slow or tight/loose according to your family situation. There are great domain experts and you can learn from them.
great projects, pay and benefits packages with in market standards.
Large, stable company Good benefits (Still) lots of smart people in engineering High internal mobility to take up different roles within company
Highly technical and exceptional developers.
Lots of perks still. Teaming seems to be coming back slowly since the change in the performance review system. Lots of work to do, so durations look strong going forward.
Great place to work but you need to find right team and right manager.
People, independence, culture, values, generosity, benefits
Smart people. Generally good collaboration in a micro-sense
Great perks especially if you use the corporate site for discounts.
Work life balance is excellent. Great pay. The company is striving to improve in all areas.
Kickstart your career. Ideal place to work
Microsoft has some very smart people working here, you can learn something from everyone. From the seasoned veteran to the new college hire. We all share the same drive to be better and help our customers succeed.
Plenty of projects available at any given time.
Great environment, location, campus and benefits.
Benefits. Smart People. Benefits. Security.
High pay with great work-life balance. Smart people. Interesting problems to solve.
The company has it's hands in a lot of different industries and it is possible to have a complete career change without leaving the company.
Career development and movement. If you have a mentor or a sponsor, in particular, you can really move around and grow. Early career growth was fast and phenomenal. Perks are good - running trails, lockers, showers, towels, as well as other free things (soda, medicine, etc). No free food but the food available for purchase is diverse and good. Work-life balance has varied throughout my career but it's really what you make it here- at present it's very good. High flexibility, depending on your role and manager. Smart people. Good managers and a good place to learn the art of management. Collaborative. The new performance review system! The comp and benefits are excellent also.
Industry-leading salary, good health benefits, respects work-life balance. They want to make sure employees are happy and stay with the company for the long run.
Technological immersion - constant new technology. Stack ranking is now gone.
Great people good benefits Good work life balance
Smart people are everywhere, great benefits, good pay.
Great culture, solid company, great benefits, good pay
Benefits and compensation are great
Working with intelligent people who truly believe Microsoft can change the world, and that they have an important part
It can be exhilarating, challenging and rewarding on the personal growth and on the professional level. Great opportunities can be found and there are some spectacular people who will cross your path. Amazing knowledge generating and efficient operational infrastructure to work in. Ability to make a huge difference is completely possible, though it's a function of how you 'show up'.
Huge company with a wide range of impact. There is also a renewed vision for design
World-class company that ships products that everyone uses. High standard for new hires - you'll work with some of the best and brightest. Top notch healthcare and campus. Fairly easy to move within the company.
good benefits, work with smart people
Very smart guys Great benefits and PTO Stable job
Lots of resources, very smart people, outstanding benefits, great salary.
Strong team oriented environment. You will learn a lot of important skills working at the Microsoft Store.
Good perks, great people.
You can get a very good work life balance there.
People focus, Money (salary, stock, bonus)
Worked with brilliant people and learned a ton in each job. Great benefits for full-time employees
Working among the best co-workers keeps the desire of success strong. Being encouraged to innovate and think outside the box of ordinary is the BEST!
Microsoft is a great place to learn a lot of things (mostly on your own) and create a huge professional network that will open several doors. Salary is good, benefits are great. Recent changes in employee performance assessment made it much better.
Lots to learn and keep you on your toes
Great place to work, but such a huge company your experience may vary. Great people to work with, most everyone respects work life balance. Great place to develop a career.
Big company, good compensation, free coffee and sodas
There are smart people to learn from, but this relies upon getting the right team.
great place to learn. smartest people i've ever known. the world has benefitted from their drive, passion, and determination.
The company as a whole is moving in the right direction. Each division is creating new technology that will make a difference.
Big company, good compensation, free coffee and sodas
Great place to work at, great people, great products
excellent toools that makes staff empowered cool technologies career advancment
great resources, opportunities to work on difference teams, regions
Good benefit, good compensation, started to change for the better. The silos are being brought down, started to embrace openness, started to fasten the pace, weakness and mistakes are openly admitted.
Salary. Smart people. Great benefits. If you can stay satisfied you can grow your career into anything you want. There's so many disciplines and locations. It could be a place to stay for 10, 15, 20 years or more.
really a lot of chance
Overall, a great deal: solid pay, nearly guaranteed annual bonus, stock, opportunity to for recognition. Industry-leading health benefits, 401k, employee matching and many other small perks.
Work and life balance is very good.
Does a lot to keep the employees happy both in retail and corporate
great pay, great benefits, cool products, great people
Great benefits, reasonable work life balance
Great benefit Automatic impact millions of people Promote work/life balance
Still, lots of great people work there. Good products but always trying to catch up to the competition in most areas.
So many talents, not much politics as seen in other big companies. Great benefits except no free lunch. Good work-life balance, engineers are supportive to each other.
The scale is massive and you learn a lot by building tools from the ground up
Motivated, smart energetic people. Lots of opportunities to work across disciplines. Employees are empowered and encouraged to have impact.
Worked with a lot of good people.
Smart people, amazing benefits, opportunity to build a portfolio.
It's been a successful professional experience that I have valued and has been valuable to my career
Super smart people, hard-working that are committed to succeeding.
The work environment is consistent and predictable. Good people, especially product specialists.
R&D, Innovation, Products, Services, Potential
Smart people around. Respectful environment and flexible work style. Some new projects started in company acting like start-up companies. Sharing across company is encouraged.
Lot of great opportunities in different groups for wide range of products/technologies - Cloud, big data, NUI,OS, Mobile etc
benefits are great, seattle is a great area for young professionals
Awesome resources, (mostly) great people (bright, collaborative, etc), innovative technology, tenacious - when they set their minds to it, Microsofties can achieve anything they set out to do.
Global work force, endless opportunities to learn and develop new skills, great total compensation package, ability to telecommute.
Super smart people. It is easy to not work very hard in most groups, yet still get paid really well. Huge reach and possible impact if you avoid teams where you work on one small tiny piece.
Working with great team and great business partners supporting sales & marketing org. Tons of opportunities supporting all the different business groups, functional orgs such as Marketing, Retail, Entertainment, Devices and Services orgs as well as various areas around the world. Employees in Finance can pursue great opportunities to support any mix of these organizations and areas. Some managers allow flexibility to simply do a great job and reward employees based on performance which means you can decide which meetings to prioritize, work from home, etc. Just do a great job, provide status updates in weekly or bi-weekly 1:1 meetings and/or team meetings and you are rewarded based on feedback from business partners, lots of opportunities for awards and other recognition.  Microsoft recently eliminated the forced ranking which is great. Even employees that received the top ratings are happy because we work with teammates that would get a 3 (avg) and not happy and those are teammates so we need them to be happy in order to have a good working environment. With the new review system I expect a great work environment! We are a company of top-performing employees so we all strive for the top ratings and 3's are not a good review (like getting a C in school) so I'm really happy with the change.
Microsoft isn't afraid of change and challenge. It'll come back
Great salary and benefits. Microsoft works on such a vast range of products that you are almost guaranteed to find what interests you being worked on here. Plus moving within Microsoft is not very hard as long as your performance is average or above.
Competitive pay, challenging roles, and new technology
The company has awesome compensation and benefits. You can beat the health care anywhere. With the new review structure, there will be even better comp benefits to reap especially for those who enjoy collaborating with others and who know how to build relationships.
The benefit of working at a large company in terms of fringe benefits around Seattle. Great place to start in software, can easily move around the company.
Technically challenging and love the user experience work I'm currently doing. Great benefits, flexible work schedule, work/life balance, ability to work remotely in some positions.
variety of projects that are diverse in nature
Smart people. Great benefits. Good work life balance.
Microsoft offers incredible benefits, unlimited upward mobility and diversity in skill development, and a no limits to achievement in role. There is literally no limit to what you can achieve, if you are motivated.
Benefits, competitive salary, challenging work, rewarded (praise and bonus) for results, and chance to expand your mind with complex business challenges that are unique to very large software vendors.
Intellegent peers, challenging work, lots of opportunities
At Microsoft, it is a pleasure to work with some of the smartest software engineers. Employees still feel they can make a positive impact IF you want to get good work experience on platform and Enterprise software, this is the place to be
Microsoft is a very diverse company, dealing with not just software, but hardware as well. From the Logo program to its own peripherals to the Entertainment group (Xbox) to other devices (Surface, Windows Phone), there is something for everyone at MS.
Smart people Well managed company Good work life balance
Great benefits and opportunities to transfer internally to other departments if they interest you versus existing 18 month term at existing department.
Free sodas, fairly flexible schedule
Great Salary and perks. Great work culture.
Great Salary and perks. Great work culture.
An evolved workplace (rather than like a startup)
US and International career growth opportunities
Most people who work here are very bright. Benefits are fantastic and second to none. Great to have on your resume.
good experience of big Corp.
If you like working with intelligent life, being able to converse openly about deep technical topics without having to dumb it down, this is the place to be. If you like solving the most complex technical problems, this may be right up your alley.
Great flexible at working hour
Family oriented teams with flexibility for growth
A lot of people focused on the same type of work. Can be helpful to acquire deep skills.
work life balance and pay
Smart people with strong personalities all around you. Great work like balance depending on which division you are in. The Management wants to invest in you and your career. Your contributions are appreciated. Very open and transparent. As long as you are respectful, constructive and specific with your feedback- even criticism can be welcomed. Can get competitive, but not cut throat- which is great. Great networking opportunities.
Great facilities and support. Friendly co-workers.
Decent cash rewards, name brand that opens doors. Good but not great benefits. Relatively stable. Get to work with lots of bright people.
Managers are, for the most part, invested in your career and your success (I've only encountered a few bad managers and they tended not to last long) Lots of focus on ownership and product impact Great benefits and pay People are amazingly talented and fun to work with Finally feels like we're building something together as a company, not just silos
The people are some of the best in the industry. Diverse products and lines of businesses provide various career opportunities. The recent move towards the "One Microsoft" strategy has certainly energized employees across the organization. There are very well defined career paths for different roles. For engineers or Program managers this is a company to build a long term career.
stable job, nice coworkers, many different products to work on, good benefits
If you get into a good division, with a good boss who knows how to navigate the bureaucracy within then you can do really impactful things
Really helpful coworkers and I really enjoy the workplace environment
- high job security - easy to stay top if you really work hard
You work in a generally rapidly moving but casual atmosphere. There are often many smart people around you and you have great opportunities to accomplish on your own and freedom within guidelines.
Opportunity to develop software where I can't elsewhere, for example, building compilers.
Low pressure environment allows you to explore interests across the company
Incredible learning opportunity and many smart people. Complexity and scale for a multi-product/billion $$ company provides a great learning environment. Great benefits and Seattle/Redmond great living.
Good pay according to job title comparison in other companies, not much accountability for expectations (if you don't want to be held accountable for your job)
Great company to work with if you are up for challenges and a technical savvy.
Smart people, perks, salary, bonus
Microsoft pretty much cover all aspect of software from cloud, enterprise to consumer.
- diverse company - Microsoft has products and offerings in a number of areas outside the well known flagship products like windows, office or Xbox. There's a lot of interesting work happening in the company
great benefits, work life balance, opportunities to work with incredibly smart people
Exposure to different technologies and innovative ideas. There are a lot of people who are passionate about technology and new ideas.
Great people for the most part, great opportunities
Exposure to different technologies and innovative ideas. There are a lot of people who are passionate about technology and new ideas.
Great focus on career growth, lots of smart people, great benefits, the type of company where you could spend your entire career there
Really good perks, outstanding campus and nice people. Employee benefits are really good and Microsoft takes care of its employees.
The benefits and opportunities are amazing.
Cool Technology to Play around with. Great for propeller heads. Decent Paycheck. Decent Benefits. Hot coffee. Running Water. Signs of intelligent life.
Continuous learning, competitive, flexible, perks
1. Employee friendly 2. Great innovation 3. Good benefits 4. Every day new learnings with great people surrounding you
It's a great company to work and a lot of product to work.
Tremendous resources, and still hires some of the best and smartest in the world. The company is playing catch-up with the rest of the industry in product vision, but continues to be a dogged competitor and has the war chest for the long haul.
Lots of expertise available around to help with difficult situations
disciplined operational organizations, well managed. Ability to drive work and make a difference
Chance to affect a huge number of people Opportunity to move between groups and roles Excellent pay and benefits Smart co-workers
They give good pay and the benefit, the work schedule is very flexible. The team members are all very friendly.
Competitive salaries and stock awards. Great health benefits (although not as good as they used to be, they're still very good and employees pay very little). A hiring philosophy that tries to bring in the brightest and best, resulting in a very smart group of people. I have never worked with a group of people with a higher average IQ. Internal transfers between teams are enabled through tools and policies that encourage this, so you can move around fairly easily.
Good benefits, Competitive Culture, Great Compensation
Excellent benefits, very high levels of flexibility and latitude at an individual level to drive or influence decisions with tasks. Constantly challenging and learning environment. Company has more than 10 multi-billion businesses, and even though the sheer size often creates unnecessary processes and politics, smaller, more nimble startup environments are also abundant.
Nice gym membership, some smart people.
Great infrastructure and brand. Constant development.
Good work-life if you can get housing nearby. Opportunity to work with individuals from diverse backgrounds. With Balmer's departure things can only get better.
An opportunity to work on next generation products
Family-friendly, great benefits, nice facility
Flexible work, able to work from home.
The company provides good benefits to their employees.
mentor is good , and I have a wonderful time , I learned a lot from this internship, I use what I learn from the college to work in the industry
Smart people, good benefits, plenty of opportunities.
Great projects, great people, commands respect in the industry, you can do things that are impossible with smaller companies. We rule the Enterprise and they happily give us an awful lot of money because we deliver stuff that they understand, and that works.
Career development was the best.
Great benefits. The salary and benefits are quite competitive. Chance to work with some quite talented engineers. Broad product range provide flexibility to work on different areas based on interest.
portfolio breadth for consumers, developers, SMBs and the enterprise across industry's most comprehensive software stack, cloud services, devices, professional services and support
Access to hundreds of thousands of technical experts in every area of technology. If you have a passion for learning, this is the place to start your career.
The research internship program is really well-organized. There're housing, car rental and relocation subsidies, as well as internship only events.
So far, consultant life at Microsoft is good. Horizontal mobility is great. Upward communication is easy, and encouraged. There's great pay, benefits, and peers, and the first month as a college hire is pretty much one big welcome party: you stay in a resort to train on Microsoft's culture and consulting basics. They do a really great job of making you feel cared for and welcome! There are LOTS of resources to get you ready.
Great technology, good pay, among the best health benefits, and very smart co-workers. I worked for Microsoft in its heyday and it will be the greatest company I've ever worked for.
A lot of innovation and products happening, great people
Able to work on well established software used worldwide or on small startup projects yet to be used by anyone. Opportunity to shift career across technologies and functional disciplines and limited only by your own imagination and drive. Each day you learn something new about and from one of your amazing coworkers from all over the world.
Superb benefits. Very smart people. Access to best technology. Reasonable salaries. Good for a steady job. Some teams support innovation and agile processes but not all. There is a lot of freedom in the way you do your work. A lot of focus is there on keeping employees happy which resulted in the recent overhaul of the review system.
Smart people, good pay, fun opportunities, very driven and competitive.
Great place to aquire deep technical expertise and meet interestring people. Good benefits
Few companies have such a breadth and depth of offerings that impact the world of consumers and businesses globally. This means lots of opportunities to do exciting things and have a fulfilling career at Microsoft.
Good benefits, stable job. Certain teams have very interesting things going on. You meet people with different years of experience and there are some valuable things you can learn from them. Lots of benefits and good multiplier effect on pay with cash and stock bonuses.
Microsoft offers a stable job.
Ample resources, global reach, cutting edge technology, motivated company willing to try anything to thrive in today's much more competitive environment. I consider my Microsoft experience to be my grad school degree in marketing and digital advertising providing me with a massive level of truly impactful experience that I will be leveraging throughout the remainder of my career.
Talented, smart colleagues and leadership. Great benefits. Some products are fantastic. Pay is great though the days of get-rich quick have long passed.
Consistent messaging....great opportunity for people who want to work hard and are committed to a long term vision...$15K charitable contribution match annually - awesome! StayFit credit - Fantastic!! Devices and services is a great move!
Everything is good i love working here
Flexible work/life balance - most people have kids, easy to come and go as you please. Compensation is good - benefits are competitive, though the new health plan is a pain, since it is no longer a PPO, but they still cover most everything.
Good company to start a career, many product teams that you can easily find one that fits your interests.
Work-Family balance, campus lifestyle, Business casual and most of all benefits of cutting edge technologies and employee benefits and incentives.
Upper management is making big changes to the company that should make it work better than it has in a long time. In June a reorganization was announced that will help teams work together better, and recently the employee evaluation system was overhauled so no longer will individuals be "ranked and yanked" on a forced curve. Both of these changes will help immensely with collaboration.
Company filled with smart people, provides a good opportunity to learn things. It exposes you to very large scale systems giving a good understanding of the scalability issues.
Benefits are best anywhere, best work life balance, 25% pure talent, 50% pure waste, and 25% demoralized.
Good benefits and competitive salary
A lot of freedom to do your job
Moving to a different department is like moving to a different company w/o losing your benefits The Redmond campus is beautiful. Even after many years working there I'm still in awe Newest hardware and software always available Great benefits, work/life balance
- Good compensation relative to hours worked (vs Amazon) - Ample team and company resources to enable people to execute - R&D develops innovative technology
Lots of opportunities, great training resource. Good work life balance
Some great development efforts and new technologies but somehow just missing the mark to be hip and intuitive and get the hardware and software mix to compete with Apple.
Big company which means you have a lot of support to get things done
Work culture is good & motivating
People, Opportunities, Technology, Products, Breadth of scope and depth of impact
Microsoft has recently become a more exciting place to work, perhaps due to involvement in the devices area and getting closer to the consumer space. It is good we have the company stores.
Opportunity to work on dynamic and valuable product.
You will likely to be developing or dealing with the top hi-tech future looking technologies
Stable, diverse, competitive businesses, no one-hit wonder. World class research. Smart peers, Above average compensation. Good flexibility when, where and how you work. Increasing focus on engineering systems and improving agility.
Lot of smart people to bounce off ideas, Challenging opportunities, Good work life balance
Great company culture Flexibility to switch teams and work on more challenging opportunities within the company Good work life balance Great benefits Highly knowledgeable and helping people
Growing market, smart and engaged coworkers, lots of room to innovate, good culture, located in the heart of the SF Mission District, transparent company culture, free coffee from Grand.
Great place to build a career -- Microsoft will invest in you if you show commitment and passion to improve Microsoft and you deliver results Good work life balance (but remember you also have a big role in managing that) Tons of opportunities for you to have impact (but you need to show leadership for that to happen) Pay is great if you are a top 20% performer Moving within company is easy and you can gain very different experiences (Microsoft is big!) Campus and benefits are good (no free food, but really if saving on food costs is your primary concern then your are probably not a good fit anyway)
MS is a great company to work for.
Microsoft makes you feel at home - as though you have a family away from home, you're involved in something bigger than yourself and the company cares deeply about your well-being and your correct placement.
Microsoft hires the best and the brightest. Your colleagues and co-workers will challenge and inspire you.
good people and pleasant experience
Has lots of passionate employees Is willing to innovate on lots of fronts to change people's life Open culture in which you can bring up anything to discuss Great giving campaign
All benefits of working in the corporate world.
- Really smart people - Lots of different products and technologies - Good perks
great people when hired into
Flexibility, products, resources. The changed to the new review model should improve the collaboration between teams and individuals and make employees more productive.
Smart people, individual offices (mostly), good pay, interesting work.
Excellent training and benefits package
Smart people, individual offices (mostly), good pay, interesting work.
Excellent training and benefits package
Training opportunities. MS Library. Self-contained computer ecosystem. Wide variety of products, some could interest you. Benefits and compensation.
Flexible working hours Great salary Good work-life balance
Good benefits. smart people to work with. Most people has their own office instead of a shared cubic.
Leading product and service offerings from Server and Tools division. Great opportunity for innovation.
Flexibility of work hours, ability to work remotely, provides ample education and training opportunities, teaches strong work ethic and time management, competitive salery
Big, stable, it is good for good people stay here until death.
Professional environment, plenty of chance to collaborate, learn and grow.
- Talented people - opportunity to learn through training and peers - work and personal life balance
Microsoft has some challenging work, and you are typically working with really smart people. The benefits are quite good and they have paid holidays.
Good benefits and room for advancement if living near Redmond
Decent company and decent benefits
Good work environment, nice perks
my experiences were limited to working in SQL server only but for almost a decade. It gave me wonderful learning opportunities, friends for lifetime, and options to work-life balance or aggressive work focus - it was my choice and I got fairly rewarded
Good processes Lots of resources and experts to talk too Great benefits More flexible working styles in about 60% of available jobs, some though are 8-5, or clock oriented Work with smart people Beautiful Redmond Campus with Great cafeterias right on campus Microsoft employees are amazing at Rallying to a new vision, when one is set.
Lots of smart people, different groups with different work environments, great benefits and offices. Good compensation in general.
Visa issuance, cool benefits, relaxed people, get familiar with latest MS products, valuable trainings.
Overall great company to work for.
You get to work alongside some of the most intelligent, driven, passionate people in the world. By working with people smarter and better than you, you naturally improve. It's like playing jazz with musicians who are better than you.
Solid paycheck, good offices I can not say anything else
Some of the most motivated, highly skilled IT people you will ever meet...with a true passion bordering on religion.
Great mentors variety of work make an impact - affect lots of customers
Very tenatious people and aggressive goals (depends on your group) so the fire is always burning. The benefits are amazing as the employee and family are really taken care of. The campus is beautiful and natural, has easy parking, as well as wonderful cafeterias. There is much potential to move within the company.
New challenges, great people, Amazing collaboration
Microsoft is not one company, its many - always a place to go and try something new
- You learn a lot - Opportunities to grow - Great benefit package (it was when I was there, although I have heard it has since changed) - You usually have a great budget at your disposal (marketing) - I know my cons are pretty bulky, but it can be a great place to work. Just find your balance, set your boundaries and do a great job. At the end of the day, they just care about a job well done
Nice place to work, exciting opportunity
Wide variety of technology problems to tackle and address. Excellent work-life balance. Variety of options for professional growth.
A stable company with deep resources to invest in projects and workstreams.
Variety of opportunities. Great talent work there in IC capacity, but those that are courageous tend to leave the company.
- Opportunities to work on a number of products and technologies with in the company - Switching roles from Dev,Test, PM to IC and managerial paths, you have all the options at one place. - Biggest collection of one of the smartest minds in the tech industry.
Health, Salary, Vacation, Gym Membership, Compensation, Benefits
Great breadth of products, technologies and opportunities.
Flexible work schedule, can work anywhere. Easy access to technology. High impact products, which affect nearly all of people and businesses around the world. Company is very profitable with good cash flow.
Total compensation, including benefits, were very good I was able to innovate and get things done in my own style, but was rarely thanked by the company - only my external partners
Even with changes to Benefits, still better than many out there Work flexibility is HUGE - ability to work from home and/or adjust hours is a huge benefit Compensation is high - don't believe people who have issues with comp there - when you add benefits/stock/bonus potential, the comp is strong in comparison to rest of Seattle market. I was able to move into a new job and learn it from scratch fairly easily - if you're smart, you can do this well here.
Good technology. Good process to develop technology. Good benefits.
Career developments, opportunities and diversities
If you nail your job, you'll have your pick of tough problems to solve. Microsoft is a great company if you can align market realities with your skill set & where you want to grow. Tons of career growth.
Work life balance is great
smart people lots of products/strategies Long-term thinking amazing campus
Salary is very competitive, environment tends to be good with the right group, technology is always cutting edge.
when I was there the benefits were awesome. I paid for nothing for medical procedures, surgeries, prescriptions. I had awesome managers first 10 years and last 10 when I was in services/ops area....horrible. I feel fortunate to have been there for all sorts of exciting things. Going from all dos based to web. really a cool time to have been there
They promote within based on performance. Once in a lifetime experience. Very fun environment.
I love the opportunity to work with some of the smartest people around - I do lots of work overseas and our local hires in key markets represent the very best talent, hands-down.  The ability to do my work when/where I am best able to be productive - in over 10 years at the company, I've never been asked, "where are you?" or "why aren't you here in the office?". At the same time, people don't abuse the privilege and there's plenty of opportunity to collaborate face-to-face.  Benefits are incredibly generous, even with recent cost-sharing on health insurance
great place to work long term
Used to have excellent benefit. Used to be on the top of the technology, still Good benefit and good opportunities if you want to stay inside the Microsoft tech empire.
Great talented people in most pockets of the business.  The benefits are among the best in the industry, although the quality is gradually decreasing.  Really nice campus in Redmond and modern offices in premier locations in international countries.  Very diverse workforce with huge international presence.
smart coworkes. good benefits, solving interesting problems
Microsoft is a huge company that provides opportunities for anyone that is willing to find the right place for themselves. Excellent benefits Promote good work/life balance Can work on technologies and products that change the world
Great place to work and start your career. Good benefits, lots of projects and overall very positive culture. Seattle is also a great city, though you'll probably be in Redmond which is a bit far.
Fantastic work environment, took care of their employees, learned new things everyday
Compensation, mobility, training opportunities, benefits
Great benefits, work/life balance, opportunities for advancement, passionate people
Great compensation package. Can do very meaningful work if in the right org.
Great place with lot of opportunities.
Great opportunity for growth Excellent Benefits (this is changing)
smart people, good benefits, great resources
Good atmosphere, focus on development and not on documentation. Managers are accountable for their direct reports career growth.
Good atmosphere, focus on development and not on documentation. Managers are accountable for their direct reports career growth.
Good focus is places on long term investments. Microsoft has all the tools for success
Very positive and energetic environment that promotes growth
Learn top notch skills, make good friends
Its a good company to improve your engineering skills. You would be surrounded by very smart people and that only adds to your learning experience.
I got the result in one day
Great working environment. Very good salary, stock grant, and cach bonus. Good upper management. Work and life balance.
Great products, great people, great opportunity to impact those products
Great benefits, competitive salary, great people
Beautiful campus. If someone just wants any job, this is the place to be. It has the cash cows to continue despite mismanagement.
Opportunity to work on big enterprise software and services. Lots of stuff to learn. Many training opportunities. Developers generally are very good at what they do, I had good experiences working with most of them.
better work-life balance, good benefits
If you are part of Redmond team in Senior Engineering role, you are at right place to make the difference. The company operates from Redmond. I worked at Redmond and it was great.. I moved to Mountain View and it went down the drain..
Great work culture with constant growth in needed areas. Nimble for its size.
The best part about working for Microsoft is the smart talented people you get to work with. Excellent training for CS under-grads getting started in their career. Microsoft is also mostly merit-driven in the lower levels of the company with flexible career paths for people wanting to stay in the Individual Contributor roles.
1. Pay and benefits are great. Not excellent, but great.  2. If you don't have great ambitions, you can maintain a good work-life balance. Once you get to the "Senior" level in the career ladder, it's easy to just relax and get lost among the cracks. Management is going to assume that you "plateaued", and let you stay where you are.  3. Company pays a lot of importance to ethics and being a good world citizen. Pays generously to charities and has a great charity donation matching program.
Good salary and benefits package. Travel and relocation opportunities if you are open to move. In great need of managerial talent.
You can learn a lot from taking classes and getting books from the library.
- Forces you to be a critical thinker - Unlimited resources, great benefits - Global awareness and charitable opportunities - Wide variety of work opportunities - Diverse employee base
This is a very inclusive and rewarding place to work. Great benefits and positive direction of the company.
I had the opportunity to work with some of the smartest people in the world. The pay and benefits are still pretty good, although it looks like that's changing.
Microsoft is still a very powerful company. There are jobs and software it creates for just about everything. You feel like the company cares about you, far more than free soda. They have training classes on everything you could think of, and for those who manage to get themselves into the good graces of management who likes them, the sky is the limit. There are still good jobs at Microsoft, but it's hard to find them.
- Great work/life balance - Excellent benefits - VERY smart people to work with - Good upward mobility opportunities
Microsoft still has one of the best benefits package out there. There are still a ton of really smart and passionate people here.
+ Work life balance + Owns entire technology stack
Incredible resources available to employees, from hardware to software to training. Also, having the Microsoft business card just gives you instantaneous access to key people, whether it is customers, analysts, press, partners, etc. The comp plan at Microsoft tends to be on the higher side - where employees make a lot and have a decent amount of upside with stock options (but unless you are a "Partner" level, don't expect to ever make enough to retire).
- wide array of products and projects - one of the best benefits package in the industry - work with really smart people
Starting in a growth area of the company provided a lot of opportunity to work on high-value projects and to see the tangible results of my contributions, which was nice. Also being part of the incubation team allowed for good visibility to senior management and plenty of opportunity to grow and evolve my responsibilities over the years as the business grew.
Team is very supportive and passionate about the work they do. Managers reach out and are very open to your ideas. Interesting projects, easy to switch to different team if you're ready to try something new. Great Give program for public service and donations to nonprofits. Awesome wellness benefits. Great compensation. Can't really ask for more!
I like that with pretty young kids , it offers amazing work life balance. Very good benefits and flexible hours.
Smart People, great company to work for
Friendly Staff. Excellent hours and benefits.
Smart, Motivated People Good Compensation Exciting projects
* Opportunities to move around the globe * Great compensation * Very intelligent people
Always wanting you to exceed.
Global Company, great people, good values
Rewards self starters. Decide what impact you want to have, then make it happen. Don't wait for managers to create the opportunities for you to stand out from the crowd.
Get a chance to work with really bright people and learn a lot. Microsoft has a complete stack of technologies, so opportunities abound.
many opportunities to work in various teams and projects
Lots of opportunity to move into new areas. Never ending line of products of services to work on. Literally A to Z in places to take your career. The culture outside of the review model is fun and hard working, there is still a lot of pride and very smart people.
co-workers and teams are the best
great company to work with
I almost never work nights or weekends, and on average work 40 hours or less a week. On an established team, lower management is usually competent. Perks and compensation are pretty good. Hard work is usually (but not always) recognized and rewarded. Workplace environment is quiet and spacious once you have a few years of seniority. Microsoft isn't afraid to spend money on its employees, unlike some other rival companies.
Intelligent & passionate team members Most of leadership are good listeners Always felt I was treated fairly Lots of opportunity, especially in Puget Sound area
Great Company, Great Benefits and big problems to solve
Potential can be well groomed with the plenty of resources to reach.
Good Pay, Great Perks, Nice Campus
Good company to work for
Challenging work, smart people, great benefits, opportunities for growth. If you want to move around and get different experiences within the business, there is support for that.
Great workplace and awesome co workers
Some of the UX experts with whom I had the pleasure of working were the most brilliant people/artists I have ever met. Many of the engineers met this criteria as well
Very good compensation, benefits, and perks. Very bright people.
Good benefit overall, big name
Each day at Microsoft is a progressive discovery of how less I know.You name the vendor, the platform,I can give you in writing we will have it deployed somewhere in our network. I unabashedly claim that Our network is the most diverse network in the whole galaxy. Its a humbling experience to work with so many awesome Network Rock-stars and equally incredible leaders/execs.
The fact that you can experience so many varied career changes - both technology and work culture wise without ever leaving a company is something to cherish. Some of the new h/w coming out this year are breath taking and really motivating to the employees.
Treats employees very well . Great giving culture .................................................
a good manager will allow you room to learn and grow and will support you and your work
People are really nice and open, and the seniors are willing to listen. Staff meetings are pretty casual. Free coffee, snacks and other drinks are provided in office. There's also gym in the building for employees to use, which is really cool. We also have a dining and a cafeteria in the company, and a variety of other restaurants around, so lunch was always exciting.
Benefits are great for a retail position! - Healthcare/dental - Discounts in EPP stores for partners OEMs - Relocation bonus Certification opportunities Growing retail organization with lots of potential for single people or those willing to move. Growing popular brand
Some of the best years of my life were at this company. It was young and growing and they bent over backwards to treat employees with respect and there were opportunities for several career paths.
Some of the best years of my life were at this company. It was young and growing and they bent over backwards to treat employees with respect and there were opportunities for several career paths.
Great people & environment to work in
I had a really good team. The people I worked with were very talented (and in some cases borderline genius) and opinionated (in a good way). It's a great place to start your career and you will learn a lot (both good and bad).  It's also such a huge company so you can change teams internally and do something very different. And pretty much you will find all sorts of people in the company. For every employee that you think is unworthy, you'll find 10 others who make it great.  And the compensation and benefits are basically second to none (even with the changes to the health care plans). Work life balance is so much better at MS than at a startup.
If you are in main campus, good opportunities to move around.
Smart people, great benefits, opportunity for career growth and development under the right manager.
It's fun at times! The people can put a smile on your face.
If you are excited about technology, this is one of the best companies to work for.
I worked there 4 years, and not once did the paycheck bounce or come late. Also, if you want the chance to write code that will be used by millions of people, this is one place you can do it. There are others though.
- Working on software used by millions - High level of respect for established success - Company provided transportation is useful - Extremely large if you want to move around later in your career
World-class benefits (even after the changes), The Connector, nearly infinite resources, extremely low knucklehead quotient.
Relatively lay back working hours. People are usually nice. But I heard this really depends on teams. I have friends in some teams that have brutal hours, but their teams generally get more opportunities for promotion. So I think this is fair.
Needless to say, the software is the main of all.
Smart people, good benefits, opportunities to do many different things.
Salary, benefits, promotability, quality management
Lot's of different businesses in one company to get involved with Relatively easy to move around to new businesses, gain experience in new industries
Great people, unlimited resources, global-size projects
Great Salary if you work there.
Large enough for a person to grow into and excel in one role, and then relatively easily lateral over to another team or product effort, and grow in other ways.
Free food during the work day
1. Intelligent people around 2. High Growth potential
new technologies, many products to choose
Competitive comp, great benefits, smart people who at least try to be polite.
Excellent coworkers. Very knowledgeable, motivated, committed and ambitious group of people.Great working culture, people are friendly and quite approachable
You'll get to work with some of the smartest people you have ever worked with. They care about employees, for the most part, and have a great 'give back to the community' culture.  Working here will push you to be your best. You learn things, for better or worse, and grow in your career.  If you are in a department with good morale and product you can have lots of fun in your work and get to know many great people.
stable, good benefit, everything has schedule
Freedom to innovate, ability to work with highly intellectual peers, and the company provides amazing benefits and perks for its employees. Working at Microsoft opens doors to a lot of other companies.
- Multiple Domains of Area to Work
Work ethic Investing in career development Working on cool projects
strong values, smart people - great benefits, location and pay.
The ability to work on exciting projects and be a part of cutting edge technology
Base salary and total comp package
very good benefits, very good location if you're OK not seeing the sun for weeks at times
Resources, smart people, name brand, Pacific NW great environment
Great exposure to new and old technologies, product development methodologies
A lot choices inside company, easy to transfer among teams. Free drinks, good benefit, pro club
Great benefits Decent pay Able to move around/internal interviews Able to change careers Use latest technologies Ongoing training available Convenient cafeterias with a variety of items Flexible work hours
super smart people abound Great opportunity to move up if you prove yourself
Awesomely smart people, approachable executive leadership team, opportunity to "think" and work on some of the most sophisticated and innovative products and programs in the 21st century
The size and industries that Microsoft is in, let's you vary what you work on while growing your career, without having to move your family, change your commute, or the hassles of changing companies.
Extremely capable engineers and supporting functions (legal, marketing, pr, and so on). Committed management team.
global company great training opportunities pockets of great, smart people
The company is full of smart, passionate people. There are excellent benefits, including health and life insurance, health club memberships, and legal assistance. The offices are typically very nice, and the company provides the latest technology for its employees.
Vast array of products and technical areas. Large network of smart professionals. Excellent salary and compensation.
i worked with very good people
Constantly working on bleeding edge software with large budgets to support projects Ability to grow knowledge of various technological disciplines
talented employee, good benefits, good work-life balance
Microsoft has a lot of opportunities, and a very high ceiling for an individual contributor. The management track is not required to obtain high levels of compensation and benefits.
While the benefits are nowhere near what they used to be, they are still very good in the Puget Sound region. Additionally, the resources for collaboration (spin up a sharepoint, no problem!) are exceptional. When harnessed, the power of the talent there working together can do spectacular things.
The first several year should be fine. Ok pay, no stress. Better yet, if you stay there long enough and managed to become an insider, you can earn a lot without doing much.
Lots of learning opportunities. Doing project that is exciting and make significant impact to the world
Lots of learning opportunities. Doing project that is exciting and make significant impact to the world
Loved the passion at Executive Level. It is great technology company in Seattle. I worked for Windows Team and I loved it.
Smart people, solve great problems, work on leading technologies
Working on good projects, good benefits, flexible environment.
Great benefits, competitive salary, predigest
- Financially stable, at least in reserve  - In the correct industry for the future, if not exactly seizing those opportunities  - Nice benefits  - Attractive and convenient campus
Microsoft has brilliant people. The employees are normally great to work with. The company is good and has a lot of great potential.
A unique business "school" with unlimited potential. Smart people. Getting ready for the all cloud business
I think the opportunities here are great, but you have to be willing to work hard.
Reasonable work life balance, depending on group Stable Lots to learn for those willing to seek out the opportunities Well mapped out growth track for different disciplines
Good benefits, opportunities to work on products that affect millions of users, smart co-workers.
+ The full time employee FTE benefits (medical/dental/legal/gym/employer match/commute-options.) + Career advancement opportunities and merits. + Competitive salaries + Microsoft Prime / Free orca card + Prestige + Great places for people who want to work smart / hard / perpetually
Get to work with very smart people. Get to work on most challenging problems. Get to understand the full life cycle of shipping a product
freedom, high salary, interesting work, great work environment, awesome perks, awesome benefits, work-life balance
Good pay. Interesting technology. Telecommuting opportunities. Several locations around the world.
lots of smart people. lots of different opportunities. great pay.
A unique business "school" with unlimited potential. Smart people. Getting ready for the all cloud business
open, multiple products, rich resources
Stability. Opportunities to learn and change jobs.
Some good folks abound. Great technology to work with. Smart people work here. Innovations happen but only in certain groups.
Smaller organizations offer a TON OF GROWTH for those willing to tolerate long hours and working during odd hours (to attend meetings with offshore teams)  Great opportunity for individuals who have 5 or less years of hands-on experience in the field and wish to gain industry knowledge working at a world class company.
There is still a spirit of innovation and creativity to be found in pockets throughout the company, although it seems to dwindling year after year. More than most companies, Microsoft has both the breadth and depth to succeed in a great many technology spaces.
- If you find a good team, you'll be able to work with very smart and result-driven people - Very flexible (working hours etc.)
Great technologies. Always a follower on the consumer side but they get enterprise customers. work/life balance isn't bad, depends on the team though
Great Benefits and many opportunities
A wide range of opportunity
I'm eternally grateful for some of the brilliant people I worked with there. I have built long-term solid relationships with people there that I respect.
Great potential to impact people's life thru technology
The benefits are great, the company moves at a very fast pace, lots of smart people to work with
Incredibly smart people doing amazing things
Talented colleagues and opportunities for career growth and advancement. Interesting projects and stimulating environment.
Really smart, driven co workers Work time flexibility Established infrastructure Really good benefits
New and competitive opportunities, high industry impact, high customer impact, good cross team support, demanding work schedules, work life balance, work when you want but deliver on time system
Best benefits package overall in the market. Smartest people you will ever work on. Access to technology and information like no other company. Challenging environment, big learning opportunities, growth, career.
Benefits Great working environment Highly technical groups
Lots of resources, freedom to move around, wicked intelligent individuals
Great technical challenges Good work life balance Great perks and amenities Good pay Love the offices instead of cubicles
Free Coffee, Soft drinks, etc. Cheap software
Flexible, good pay, good work and life balance
- Very smart people - Good culture - Generally very good compensation, but not the best in the industry - Ability to change teams within Microsoft every 2 years (depending on good performance) - Lots of different teams all with different ways of operating, and work environment - feels like lots of little companies under a big umbrella (not sure if this is a pro or con)
- Very smart people - Good culture - Generally very good compensation, but not the best in the industry - Ability to change teams within Microsoft every 2 years (depending on good performance) - Lots of different teams all with different ways of operating, and work environment - feels like lots of little companies under a big umbrella (not sure if this is a pro or con)
Software development Cloud development Working with amazing talents
Constantly working with smart people, real drive to learn and push yourself, get to be on a team that is really making an impact
Really smart people, really good benefits, really cool technology.
Good benefits and pay although medical coverage took a hit this year.  Work with some very talented and intelligent people, international name recognition, and flexible hours.  Many opportunities to move around the company and work on something completely different.  The early days when I worked there were filled with lots of hard work but also hard play--morale events, trips to Vegas, and a great sense of camaraderie.
1) Salary 2) Career advancement opportunities for generalists
Benefits are great overall. Engineers get paid insane amounts. HR is seen an useless, and is paid similar in salary, but bonuses are barely negligible, especially stock.
Great compensation compared to other places I have worked. Good support from management chain on work life balance for employees.  Each person's experience at Microsoft depends greatly on their group and two immediate manager levels. Picking a good team and lead on your interview phase is key to your success here. I was proactive in learning about and choosing the team I joined, and have had my best work years here.
Great challenges, great people to work with. Pay can be very good depending on your skillset.
Lots of product teams can choose.
Good salary, flexible work arrangements
You can find the right opportunity that suits your skills. Strong benefits, good attitude towards employees with families Sustainable work life balance. Still a place where you can make an impact on people around the world.
Teams are great, strong personalities, and great to work with. Working across groups is difficult as commitments do not align and everyone is focused on their own delivery.
Flexible working hours, good benefits, kind of ok pay rate.
Awesome company to work for, good work life balance
1. Good innovative teams 2. Great people 3. Great benfits
Great benefits and an opportunity to make a difference. Working with fortune 500 Companies. Successful in the business space.
I had an amazing run at Microsoft and managed to stay over 8 years. During that time, I had some wildly fantastic roles that were personally gratifying and taught me more than I believe I ever would have learned in an academic setting or a different corporate setting.
good pay good benefits with better top management the company could do so much better - it has lots of assets to leverage. Lots of potential.
Salary, benefits, opportunities for career growth. Numerous businesses means great opportunities to explore different technical challenges.
Decent salary, health insurance average with the industry
Good company to work for
Started at the company at mid-point in my career and continued to work as an FTE, CSG and vendor for over 20 years. Now that I'm taking roles at other small companies I can see how lucky I was during my time at Msft. The interviewing process results in the hiring of some of the smartest people in this field. The education level, drive to succeed and mutual respect between colleagues is not standard practice at smaller companies in the U.S. If you're a current employee, value what you have and realize it's not like that everywhere in the business world.
A lot of opportunities. Microsoft has many projects going on so you get a chance to work on something interesting to you.
good salary, ok benefits until the recent changes to healthcare, strong portfolio of products, name recognition
benefits, flexible hours, work/life balance.
Great benefits and wide range of work, large campus setting
You get to work with smart people on interesting problems, it is hard to get hired, and if you make it through the review process that gives you a feeling of satisfaction
Good salary, good benefits. Private office for each person.
This applies to the LATAM office only (Fort Lauderdale): flexible working schedule and location. Great opportunity to learn new technologies and meet lots of professionals in different areas.
Great pay, great benefits. But depending on which group and role you are in, you may earn every bit of it.
decent compensation, great work/life balance/ unparalleled job security
Good pay & benefits. Good career opportunities and training programs, particularly for straight-out-of-college - career development is well-structured and easy to understand, and plenty of access to mentors. Overall, an excellent place for the early phase of your career (build savings early, and grow quickly as a professional).
There are lots of opportunities to explore within the same company, each group works like a separate company, which is good if you want to experiment with different technologies.
Great people Good work Some cool products Impact to billions
Great people and the technology is shifting to the cloud, where all business are going in today's market.
Smart people, unmatched product depth, resources
technology company, performance, large scale
Good pay, benifits. Smart people
Amazing place. Take great care of their employees! Outstanding benefits and good salary structure. You are surrounded by super smart people and the work is challenging!
Financial resources are solid - money isn't really an object when it comes to project and partner spend.  Lots of different positions to explore if you spend majority of time networking and do not let HR or your manager know you want to move.  Company has lots of upside opportunity.
Working on great innovations and great technology
- Much better stock options and grants than other high tech companies - Very good benefits although no more fully-paid health plan - Forefront and challenging work - You get to see and use some new products sooner than most other people - Many smart people coming from all over the world that you can work with and learn from
Benefit is good, people are smart, lots of good project and feature going on
Nice working environment Helpful teammates Good benefits/salary
Based on my experience, this company provides the opportunity for growth to the right candidates.
* The people you work with are typically A game people who know their stuff * Decent benefits * Beverage service has a lot of variety * Morale events are usually pretty decent * No cubicle farms--you have your own office * VPN access means it's possible to work remotely
Brilliant geeks who are fun to be around. The culture is quite laid back and one of the least "ole boys club" environments I have worked in.
- You have great coworkers to learn from - Good 401K and health benefits
Microsoft is one of the few corporations where contributing to the world it exists in through community outreach and volunteerism is a way of life. The people at this company care for more than just their paychecks. It's a company of generous people who care about making a difference.
great opportunities for everyone if you seek them out. Work is always interesting if you really apply yourself and see beyond the mundane. Intellectual horsepower surrounds you daily, can be very motivating to work with so many brilliant individuals.
Benefits are OK Discount in purchase of software
Stable company, lots of smart people, decent rewards. I've had the opportunity to learn a lot here.
Awesome job with awesome people
Work Life Balance is very good. If you want to coast, its relatively easy.
- Good salary and benefits. - Good opportunity to learn about how large-scale software is built. - Puget Sound is a great place to live, very green, beautiful lakes around. - Good opportunity to learn about code written during the "glory days" that shaped today's history of computing.
Good working experience Great resume builder
Lots of smart and nice people. Lots of new stuff to learn. Opportunity to have a big impact. Good salaries.
Great work-life balance (nearly everyone is out of the office by 5), Microsoft pays its workers extremely well to make up for its work environment, easy work, lots of benefits, free soft drinks, family friendly tech company
Pretty good pay and good benefits. Stability of working for one of world's largest companies. Work with a lot of smart people.
You work with incredible people most of who have tons of integrity Challenging work Still changing the world Constantly get to work with interesting, innovative, exciting technology
Great people, great benefits, lots of room and encouragement to find a job that meets your passion.
People are reliable with strong work ethic and focus on results
Good pay, excellent benefits, work from home flexibility, supports education advancement, and provides real opportunities for interns.
Work with the best and brightest Excellent benefits, pretty good pay Work-life balance is generally good Redmond/Bellevue is a great place to live for families Potential to impact a lot of people with your work
Good product, solid marketing-good co-workers
When in sales or business development it is great to work for a recognized brand. I have never had problems getting meetings with potential customers and partners. Stability. Reasonable pay. Good stock award plan. Good benefits. Lots of career potential.
You work with super smart people on products that can really change people's lives. Microsoft also highly encourages volunteering outside of work and will not only match your contribution dollar for dollar, but will also donate $$ to the charities you work with for every hour you work there.
Lot of opportunities in different divisions
breadth of technologies and markets one can work in, benefits, career potential, overall level/IQ of people working there, etc..
You will get a chance to work with lots of smart people and there are lots of opportunities to work with people in different aspects of the business that you normally would not be exposed to. This also gives you a chance to explore career changes in different disciplines. Good benefits in general.
1. There are some very smart people you want to be around. 2. Sometimes you get to work on interesting things
Researchers here work much like they would in academia on self-directed projects. Colleagues are smart and able to offer insightful feedback. The facilities are lovely and well-appointed. Pay is generous, vacation time and benefits are more than adequate.
Wide variety of career options, self-driven, intelligent people. Global, diverse company - can learn about emerging markets, mature markets, B2B, B2C, developing a new strategy, etc.
You have your own office to work (although Microsoft is move to more open space type of enviroment). People are generally nice, Plenty of opportunities to grow and learn. The benefits are awesome. Overall a great company to work for.
Lot of opportunities in different divisions
Good compensation and even better health benefits There are a lot of opportunities if you want to change jobs
Pay and benefits are fairly good. Fun to play with the technology (dog food).
Very smart people Breadth of activities - involved in all key areas of enterprise and consumer technology
Good pay Good benefits Work Life Balance
Open environment, flexi hours, treats employees with respect
company has a good atmosphere of technically sound people
Good compensation package, work-life balance
Have good work life balance
Great benefits, bar none, smart and engaging people, fast paced
Good range of products and projects
big company, many products, many techs.
Myriads of products/services to work on Brilliant people all around you Challenging engineering problems Your work affects hundreds of millions of customers
Outstanding IT backgrounds in all areas Great People
The division I work in is full of highly talented, smart, creative and driven people. The support and teamwork is the best I've experienced.
Mission, people, pay, and the opportunity to work on products that change the world.
Working on Microsoft products (still) means having an impact on many people world-wide. People are using Windows, Office, the Xbox, Skype, etc.
Great place to work, intellectual challenging
Works on wide variety of products. Has a lot of data driven development happening.
When you have a good team and a great manager, one of the best places to work in the world. Amazing benefits and job security. There are many challenging products, and with the right teams, great recognition.
Plenty of teams so you'll always find one interesting enough to work for. Good work life balance.
-Good health care (however it's not as good as it was a few years ago) -Lots of opportunity to try something new without leaving the company
You will have opportunities to work on a lot of great technologies and products that are in Microsoft's portfolio.
Lot of opportunities to learn and grow
Benefits, good work life balance, good salary.
Very smart people International career opportunities Fantastic benefits Very solid company values Diversity is emphasized
Heath benefits are great even after it was scaled down.
Microsoft has Great Pay and Health Benefits. You get to work with technical smart people and get to work with the latest Microsoft software and technologies.
Learned many products, and worked with more than 25 Fortune 500 companies during my tenure. Nothing prepares you for a product like supporting it, and access to the internal tools and products really gives you a heads up. You can move into many different areas of the company and travel to customers. Support for learning and certification.
Still great healthcare benefits even though employee contribution has changed to be more expensive.
Has nice perks for employees
Smart, talented people to work with. Tremendous cash flow, i.e., good salaries. Opportunity to work on products that touch most Americans and international customers.
Middle management is sincerely talented
I've been working with Microsoft for almost eight years now, I've met incredible, smart, passionate, hardworking people. The work is challenging, but it also gives you a freedom to choose what role works best for you. The benefits are excellent, overall A++.
I worked as an FTE here for five years. People are smart, it's a fun environment, salaries are good, and there's a lot of variety in the work. Health benefits used to be great, but now they're pretty much on par with other companies. I left the company for the reasons stated below, but now I work at Microsoft as a vendor. There's a ton of work available for vendors/contractors at Microsoft! Most teams want to hire contractors with prior Microsoft experience, so if you're a former FTE, you've got it made. If you accept a vendor position with one team and hate it, you can end your contract and just search for a new contract on another team. And the best part is, as a vendor/contractor, you don't have to deal with the horrible performance review system! And you don't have to deal with stupid "visibility" projects. You can just do your work and get paid for it and not have to deal with the internal politics. It's a sweet deal! You'll notice that more and more of the contractors/vendors at Microsoft are former FTEs, and now you know why.
People, career, benefits, culture and overall good feeling.
Good work life balance Lots of things to do.
1) Excellent compensation 2) Very interesting projects to work on that reach many customers around the world
Talented peers, a lot to learn and contribute
Microsoft is a solid company within the Enterprise space and has built a lot of trust over the years with IT shops and Fortune 500 corporations.
Few companies offer software engineers the opportunity to have such a global impact. Good team are amazing to be a part of.
Was a good company when I joined in '99 with good benefits and slightly above average pay.
Great people, incredible resources too You feel like anything is possible since you're affecting the lives of a billion consumers
Good pay package and work culture, work with some of the smartest people on high impact products. Work on features used by hundreds of millions thru out the world.
Microsoft has many products and services that fit different personalities and interests. The One Microsoft strategy should be able to unify these products and services to provide values which our customers really need.
Benefits, salary, work-life balance, smart passionate colleagues
Lots of different jobs Great benefits Opportunities to impact many users Many resources for growth Don't have to fear company is going to shut down in a few months
You will be working with some of the most passionate and talented people on earth.
Flexibility, new benefit plan isn't as good as old plan but it's fair when you read about the cost of benefits to a company, stable, good resources, access to training, pro club
Great pay and benefits. High levels of camaraderie among teams, often live up to the "work hard, play hard" mantra.
Total compensation package is good... while it lasts..
the company is changing and growing and pay is amazing I can really only see the company growing and it's just an amazing place to work
Benefits are very nice. Salary is good, and people are very talented.
Working for Microsoft is a great experience. The folks are very bright, and even if you are there for a short time, as I was, you should walk away with more knowledge than when you started.
Easy to move around and work on different products, learn new skills, etc. Best health benefits I've heard of. Great work life balance - not many people are actually working more than 40 hours/week when it comes down to it.
Great benefits, forward thinking company, get to work on widely used technology. Get to use things before anyone else.
Everyone have a office. Everyone have a office.
Good pay and benefits, free sodas :-)
Great product, comfortable working environment. There are so many projects that can be worked on which provides many choices.
Compensation. Benefits. Work/Life Balance. Breadth of products.
The leads truly care about their teams, and really care about the product and mission. Your work affects millions of users and you get a chance to work at the forefront of enterprise and consumer technology.
The people are sharp and generally care about what they do. The intent to help change and evolve the company exists within culture. People are proud of what they are working on and can still attract talent, but retaining it is a challenge.
Smart co-workers Great Health benefits Competitive compensation
The real software company who has the full products line. Great developer culture.
Great products, services, and reputation.
Benefits and it's a good company name to have on resume.
Reasonably good pay and benefits, wide range of available fields to work on covered, everyone can find something for themselves (from low-level coding to abstract research), nice corporate culture.
The work-life balance is very good. Team of highly talented people and very casual environment.
Good pay Good benefits Lots of interesting jobs and projects Every field of tech available Expert co-workers
Good employee benefits, private offices in Redmond, free drinks, good benefits, reasonable RSU's, overall decent employee care.
Good salary, good benefit. That is really about it. Nothing to brag about
Good balance between work and life, and have flexible work time. In general, it is not busy and good for people who want to work in IT but not keep highly busy.
Even with the latest pullback in benefits Microsoft still offers a very good package.
Young team with a lot of energy and benefits even at part-time employment status.  You get to play Xbox on the sales floor at times.  Stores opening rapidly so theres lots of opportunity to grow and move around.
The company is a very big business that spans across many different products so the options for career development are many and great, also the impact that you have is massive because the market extends all over the world
Great compensation Great benefits Great perks that you truly need and want as an adult (nope, I can do my own laundry thank you very much) Smart, very professional coworkers
There are a lot of smart and friendly people. Everyone is always happy and agreeing with management. Pay and benefits are competitive. If you're interested in politics, this is a great place to be.
Decent pay and benefits, work/life balance. Lots of seemingly "intelligent people". Playing catch up can be fun. Game Dept. is the best to work at.
Top talent in the world! Continual learning.
Good co-workers to work with Great projects Good benefits for those with families. This is a time of change which also represents opportunities. This company has winning in its DNA
Diverse products, good benefits (prior to Jan. 2013), relatively easy to move teams, training opportunities, can easily make a comfortable living working 9-5.
I've had some great experiences at Microsoft and have worked with almost every team or discipline. I've had the unique opportunity of getting mentoring from some of our (useful) C-level leadership. I've worked with some of the smartest people I've ever met and have seen history made.
Very talented employees, employees really care about their peers, employees cares about customers, compensation very good
Over nearly forty years, the company is making tons of profit and still forging ahead in many different businesses in spite of tough competition.
Microsoft has given me the ability to move throughout the company as I see fit. I am rewarded well when I do well and not when I don't. All I can ask for frankly.
Good compensation (although not worth the pain), medical coverage is good (although VERY high deductible / out of pocket max), gym membership, facilities.
Microsoft has Awesome benefits, good work life balance, lots of opportunities. Extremely smart people to work with. Competitive salary
Pro club gym membership, but it's hard to find time to use it
Pay is competitive, Benefits (Medical/Dental/ESPP), and Bonus structure (if the employee manages to get a good review).  Free drinks
Employee benefits and job security
Competitive pay and benefits, exposure to the best and brightest in the industry, you drive your own career, flexible work arrangements, head-quartered in a beautiful part of the country with something for everyone.
Great place to work. Smart people to work with
Some really smart people, and some really good managers, rich company, built some good products, lots of opportunity if you land in the right team and a good manager.
Wide variety of products and don't need to change the company if you want change of work
Super intelligent colleagues, you can switch jobs within the same company.
If software development is your game, there isn't another place that offers the diversity of work that Microsoft does. Excellent mobility. Great salary and benefits Smart people all around
MS IT is know for its good work/life balance, although it depends on the group and team. Overall it is better than in product groups
Great onboarding practices to bring new hires up to speed at any level.
Awesome environment cannot ask for more.. Lot of I house learning and training oppertunities. Greats inhouse events. Love the people and the environment
flexible work environment, smart people, lots of places to go within the company
Wonderful people - hardworking, motivated, enthusiastic Interesting projects - challenging problems encountered in the day-to-day Community involvement - Day of Caring, corp match donations of time or money
Work with many talented people. Receive competitive pay and benefits. In theory, there are many opportunities for growth and career advancement, and the company has the potential to do massively awesome things.
Very talented set of people. There are a lot of teams and lot of technologies. So after working for a while in one team you can always go and interview with other team to work there if you like the other project. And yes, you read it right. If you want to change your team you need to interview with the other team.
Culture, working with smart people, fun environment
Microsoft has very high customer base of more than 1 billion customers. So working at Microsoft provides ability to impact and help billion customers around the world. There are many very popular products at Microsoft, so it's also convenient to just move across the company if you want to work on different types of products.
Reasonable work life balance. Nice work environment
Well established engineering system, good quality people to work with
Some very talented folks at MSFT, pay and benefits are great, lots of real problems to solve.
Great opportunities if you're willing to work very hard, network, and get sponsorship from upper management. International opportunities are fantastic. Great and generous benefits--amazing health insurance, 401k, PRO Club membership, charitable giving, backup childcare, etc. Smart people.
company treats me really well.
Got to work with very intelligent and fun people in a creative environment. Salary and benefits were fabulous compared to other companies I have worked for.
Working with tons of smart people A lot of learning about making large scale software Good benefit in general
People that work at Microsoft are passionate, compassionate, highly intelligent and very committed to the cause
Work life balance is good and respected as long as you have management that respects it. There are plenty of smart people around. Lots of options in terms of the technologies and domains you want to work in (i.e. can get variety of experience without leaving company). Hierarchical structure allows career growth.
You're always around smart people, and always have access and exposure to cutting-edge technologies.
Great team. Great people. Flexible working hours. Easier internal positions transfer.
Get to work some of great minds in the Software Industry
Excellent benefits, passionate and friendly people, good work environment, lots of experience, well-paid, well-respected
Work Life Balance is the best part of working @ Microsoft. You need to ensure you have good manager who helps increase your scope every year..
- stable job/income - decent benefits - lots of different products to work on within the company if you want to try something else (although the choices are limited outside the HQ) - work with smart people (mostly) - get to learn a lot about building scalable products - company and staff contributes positively to the society (volunteer work, donations, etc.)
Great people to work with
Once you get your foot in the door there are lots of opportunities to network. It is possible to quickly move up if you are determined and results driven. Microsoft has a good transit program and provides free Orca cards for their employees, including vendors.
I am fortunate enough to be working for a group that value work/life balance. I have 2 young children, so this is something that is extremely important to me, to be able to spend time with my family. With decent compensation/benefits, and excellent work hours, I haven't considered switching job despite being contacted by recruiters regularly.
Lots of opportunity, internal transfer a great benifit
Lots of things going. Good career path to grow and a company where you can retire if you like.
Good career opportunities to move within MSFT
Professional development resources, you own your career and where you want it to go. An amazing employee match program for charity in your community. Tremendously smart people and so many different technologies to be interested in.
Lots of different teams Good benefits
Great people who believe in the vision, love to talk technology, passionate about changing the world.
Company is made up of very hardworking individual contributors.
Own the business as well as development details of a product from start to finish
- Great combination of salary/benefits - They care about their employees - You always get what you need to do your job - Access to incredibly smart people to learn from - You work on the biggest products the world has ever seen
Pay is decent and you have an "in" with every company...for good or bad.
Fairly easy to move to between divisions and gain amazing experience, good pay
Good pay, excellent benefits, ample training opportunities. There are a lot of internal opportunities and each organization is like it's own little company.
The people who actually do the work are good people, good values and want a good working culture.
Project diversity, technology, benefits, XBox, Surface, and other devices
- Good culture and smart people - Great processes, things do get done, you'll learn a lot if you haven't worked at a large organized tech company before - Friendly, hard working people - Good pay - Lots of business units and cool work to be done and switch
So many different products to choose from equals tons of opportunity to grow your career all within the safety of a single massive company. Great benefits especially for families or folks planning to have kids. Largely up to you to decide what to work on and when to work on it. AMAZING people to work with and learn form.
Insurance, smart people, breadth of product offerings, ability to work remote
The technology is awesome! There are few employers who can offer this type of opportunity. Then there are the people that you work with - outstanding. In the years that I have been at Microsoft (currently employed there) my peers have been engaging, intelligent, passionate, and fun. I have learned so much.  Combined - This has the makings of a job I could love - you know one of those jobs that doesn't even feel like work.
The pay and benefits at Microsoft are outstanding. The campus is a great place to work. There are many exciting projects to work on. Under the right circumstances (good department, good manager, good processes), you can really make a difference in customers' lives.
Benefits and the sense of giving back to the community.
The best healthcare in the world.
free beverages, playing xbox while working, easygoing staff
pay, people, software, location, technology
I love it here. I have been at the company for 9 years and I think it is a great place to work. I am a single income earner, I support a family of 4 comfortably, I have good (not great) work/life balance, I feel valued in my job, I support my leadership's broader ambitions, even if I disagree tactically from time to time.  Slackers are not welcome. Microsoft pays for performance. How do I know? Because I am one of those calibrating people. I see the review model from the inside, I am one of those applying the 1-5 model to people. It is widely misunderstood, has great merit and accomplishes its purpose (however bluntly.)  We differentiate, and reward high performers. The primary function of the 1-5 stack rank is to distinguish who did "better" - contrary to popular perception that it is a way to indicate who isn't cutting it. Most people at the company do a fine job, but like every other workplace, certain individual stand out. The are rewarded accordingly. I'll challenge any existing employee at the company who believes that this stack rank is anything other than merit-based to go and find a new role. There are a lot of people at the company getting it right when it comes to evaluating people.  In case you needed evidence to the fact, consider how many layoffs have occurred in the past 5 years, despite our ongoing stack/rank practices. If the company truly believed its 4's and 5's were underperforming, they wouldn't be here.  This company gives over $100M to charity every year. People are very passionate and dedicated to the things they value most, and the company rewards that passion with matching for time and money.
They give employees global opportunities (I moved around a few countries) and cross business opportunities (i moved around different business functions).
The benefits are good and the work is interesting. There's always free parking, coffee, beverages. The lunches are better than average and some of the parties are good.
great benefits, appreciation for good work, opportunities, scope, it's like a microcosm of several different products/companies all working together for the same common goal
Opportunity to move around within the company Bleeding edge products (though that's less than before) Company security
People I have worked with in the company are all great. Work life balance is well maintained by the management. Things are very well planned towards a product release.
Talent Management, Fast Paced, Job rotation, quality of people, quality of projects, benefits
there are best, smartest computer scientists here developing most exciting and robust software in the world using cutting-edge technology.
Great company to work for
Access to experts on Microsoft technologies, great pay and benefits, interesting work, immediate customer respect based on company affiliation (in most cases)
with some interviewers the discussion was very good and encouraging, very technical,
smart people good benefits although not as good as previous years variety in job opportunities across the company
Intelligence, efficiency and effectiveness are highly regarded You are expected to question the norm and seek continuous improvement You are responsible for your own trajectory - you can take your current role beyond traditional limits, or seek a new challenge - this is not only accepted, but expected
Good Company and Technology to work.
it is great to work with brilliant co-workers
Gigantic space, single office. Smart and knowledgeable colleagues. Large scale projects. Meaningful work. Reasonably good salary. No state income tax in WA.
Excellent corporate governance, decentralized decision making, cutting edge practices in many areas, good benefits. Worldwide brand name recognition. Still carries prestige value in most countries. In early years, till year 2002 or so, only hired the best and the brightest.
It has several great systems in place and was a great company in the past. If you are a just starting your career, Microsoft is a great place to work for two years. You can learn a lot about how a big company works and take all that knowledge with you. Technology wise, they only use Microsoft software which is bad if you want to join other technology company that maybe built on open source software.
Working on the cutting edge technologies that contribute to the lives of a great many people. Being involved with some of the sharpest people in computing today.
Excellent benefits, they treat you very well. Positions within the Microsoft Retail stores are fairly simple. High standards, Clean environment. Great bonuses/gifts for all employees. Great training.
Flexibility, great sign on bonus, great medical benefits, diverse staff, fun activities for employees, friendly people
Microsoft has a fantastic benefit package and you get to work on projects that potentially millions of people will use.
- Microsoft is a iconic name that still attracts young professionals. - Looks good on resume, other companies know if you can manage the work/life balance at this company then you are no slacker. - Pay is good for entry level but for industry hires look elsewhere - Smart people that are experts in what they do
Good benefits and performance based bonuses.
Getting to work on a wide variety of problems with plenty of opportunity to learn a lot from some really smart people
Variety of things to work on. Great Health Insurance. Great atmosphere outside of work i.e. sports.
Excellent technology. Lots of very deep, cool work.
Flexible working hours. Working env is good (changing to open space though). Good benefit (have deductible now).
College hires or junior employees will probably have 5 to 10 *good* years at Microsoft. If you're not on the "management track" or senior level by then, it will serve you best to move on to new things. By that time, the experience gained will help you to be more successful elsewhere. The most important thing you can learn here is how to make enterprise software scalable, and best practices in engineering.
Great people and engaging atmosphere Lots of autonomy if you work hard and support the business group you're in Redmond is beautiful and many groups support healthy work-live balance
Great environment for getting a lot accomplished. Rewarding for meeting/exceeding challenges. Current boss is a very good leader, motivator, with a clear vision for her team. Individual goals/expectations are clearly set.
* good medical coverage, but is getting worse each year. * good work life balance. * Wonderful brand name due to Bill Gates' charity work, but is being squandered away by the current management team.
Diversification and never give up attitude
Good benefits package, a good number of really smart colleagues.
The best products, great benefits and tons of potential.
Challenging work, plenty of resources, lots of intelligent, articulate people, support to take on as much responsiblity as you want. Tons of great training.
Opportunity to work for latest technologies
The individuals who work in the engineering roles are the key to environment. Even coffee interactions in the day make your day well spent. The approach is changing, freeing up from the legacy, can become a challenge to other tech-behemoths.
Employee oriented, a good place to grow a career. Not typical sales environment so if you are looking for big bucks from selling, this is not the place.
Interesting technology, very smart people, hard problems to tackle, competetive benefits, opportunity to move around and learn new things. Many different business to be involved in from SQL and Windows to xbox and phone. Redmond campus has many services to offer.
Pros - I was able to get involved with some very interesting projects.
Opportunities to drive cross functional projects across the organization.
If you want to solve tough problems and work with an amazing set of people, this is the place to be.
- Decent healthcare benefits that are free (for now). Even these have deteriorated in the last few years and the slide will continue - Really smart people at least in individual contributor role - Free soda (if you are into that)
Good compensation, helpful co-workers, great software
Global scope, global brand - impact.
Microsoft provides great benefits, decent pay, and stability. It has always grown, and is trying to make the right decisions
Based on the team, lots of opportunity to learn and excel
The company puts a lot of effort into making sure the employee is trained in all the necessary training that drives positive company image, integrity and business success. The environment is positive and they offer free drinks and great lunch options.
Great benefits, smart people to work with, takes good care of employees
Lot of innovation on various different products
- A lot of opportunities to grow - Big product diversity
Global, fast pace, evolving, engaging
Super smart people, passion for technology, team focus, many tools and resources at your finger tips
Great place to work good market value
Good compensation, Benefits and office facilities
Great learning, training and growth opportunities
big company, good benfits plus good salary, good work life balance, flexible working hours. lots of career oppertunities
Amazing people, global business, dynamic, fast moving and ever changing. You can easily have your entire career within the company and never get bored.
Opportunity to grow career and gain strong skills.
Overall MS is a great place to work, but you have to be careful in which group you land. It could be heaven of hell depending on the immediate manager.
Plenty of opportunities to work in any field of computer science, good compensation and benefits, good work-life balance.
You felt as though you were changing the world
There are many opportunities, people are great and motivated, many challenges to work on, benefits are great.
Everyone is incredibly bright, so there's no waiting for people to understand things, if you're the top performer at your company, you likely will struggle here for the first year, but you won't regret it. Everyone is super smart, able to write and speak clearly and have fairly good soft skills too.
smart people, great products, great campus
Benefits, flexible work hours, projects (sometimes). The ability to ship something at a scale very few companies can achieve.
Good recruiting team to get you into the door.
Lots of smart people. Interesting work, and rather than working on a product that will never get marketshare, at Microsoft you know the products you build should get noticed. Execellent benefits.
It's like a bunch of companies under one roof
Benefits and salary. Employees are passionate and focused on delivering high quality.
Great variety of work Great work-life balance Decent pay
Lots of opportunities are available
Being surrounded by bright and passionate individuals makes for a strong growth environment. The readiness of others to help makes this the best place I've ever worked!
Great people across the organization.
There are lots of different opportunities to learn and a lot of cool technology being built. There are many brilliant people to learn from, and many of the teams are well lead. Microsoft has a ton of cool technology and in most places has been opening up to external technologies as well. People are not afraid to take on big bets. Diversity is the norm and good teams leverage the different viewpoints in open and honest discussions. The work you do here can benefit millions of people.
Autonomy, work-life balance. Working for Windows is the nice stable gov't job of the tech industry.
When I was there in the early 2000's it was a great place to work where we had challenges to concur, innovation was the norm, and the management was great.
Flexible work hours, good team members
Good workplaces, free soda. Good benefits, gym. etc. Opportunity to attend training sessions.
Lots of smart people, great benefits and perks, really relaxed work culture with awesome work life balance, Seattle is a great place to be.
- Pays well, smart people
Broad range of technologies to work on
Dynamic organization, constant change, great smart people.
Very good benefits. Good compensation
Better than average benefits, Lots of internal opennings
some great people to work with-passion for technology, broad opportunity across variety of spaces to work
Benefits are great, lots of smart people around, flexible schedule, if you're motivated it's easy to move up the ladder quickly
The good employees are very good. The people with real knowledge are willing to share and help you grow and help the company move forward.
Adapting to change Takes competition seriously Work-Life Balance Good long term strategy Getting ready for the next generation of technology (Devices + Services)
I learnt a lot from Microsoft over my 12 years at the company, a lot of which was about working with some great people and being able to work around the Microsoft system.
What was once a GREAT company is becoming a mediocre company now. They continue to be behind the 8 ball and struggling. Every new fiscal year is something new, NO LONG TERM vision. Employees are becoming more and more mistreated (especially sales people).
Smart people, lots of resources for growth, good pay, good benefits, lots of things you can do
Multi-national and multi-diverse exposure. First hand usage of technologies Good employee benefits
Opportunity to work and brainstorm with very talented peers. Plentiful resources available. Challenging problems to solve. Develop software that will be used around the world. Influence design/functionality of products. Experience and learn state-of-the-art full development lifecycle: design, schedule, estimate, code, test, prioritize, debug, document, support, sustain, revise.
There are some smart people. You can find teams to work comfortable 35 hour weeks and still get paid well.
- Large pool of technical resources to learn and consult - Decent compensation - especially after being with the company more than 5 years - Great benefits and good supportive environment for internal transfers
Microsoft has great culture, pay, benefits, locations. They invest a decent amount in your career and the industry is very dynamic
working with super smart folks big thinking and ambitious scale budgets usually not an issue good facilities - food, offices, buildings etc
Steady job You can coast after a few years if you like
Great potential for growth within company
Great benefits and sense of belonging
Work/Life balance is not bad (but depends on group) have your own office
learning new things with the products
- exciting entertainment space - once in a 7-10 year opportunity
Lot of career growth and good culture, made many new friends
High likelihood of working with talented technical leaders. Great networking opportunity. Easy to change jobs (and even disciplines) if appropriate. Relatively low pressure given size and stability of the company.
There are a lot of high quality highly talented people at the company. Being surrounded by a lot of high achievers is inspiring and can bring out your best performance. I made many great friends there that I respect deeply and miss working with.  You also get to work on huge, epic projects that very few companies in the world can do. It's fun to be a part of that even if it does make you feel like a small cog in a big machine.  The senior executives are extremely impressive for the most part. Smart, hard working and hold themselves accountable. Yes you can get a bit of ego along with that but I doubt it's any more so than other companies.
Good opportunities to work on a lot of interesting projects.
Access to technology at scales and budgets that are really big. Flexibility and freedom to manage your own work. You can have impact and build great things that impact people's lives. Compensation is fairly good, but you won't be driving the Ferrari unless you are highly compensated partner level VP (I.e. not an average engineer that actually writes code and develops software). Benefits are pretty good, but if you are younger and no family you don't really exercise them and option for higher comp would be appreciated instead. The technology and engineering discipline are fun and challenging and there are many great minds to learn from.
Entry level jobs are good and you get to work on some interesting stuff. Offices, buildings, cafeteria are nice.
Amazing benefits, cool technology, generous bonus
Lot of resources (people, supplies, opportunities). Managers have in their commitments to support employee career development, they take it seriously. (Not all managers are good people managers, but at least it's in their commitments and is sanctioned from high.) Fist pounding on a table is taken as a sign of passion, but it has to be in the spirit of moving teams forward and in the interests of the company. (It's not for the sake of power plays or belittling.)
Had a great opportunity for career growth and make money.
worked here for 8 years.. Every day was delightful. A company where people would love you and make you feel special if you are that good.
One of the top and most influential high-tech firms in the world with prestige, good products/technology, and benefits. It will continue to be a powerhouse and fierce competitor in the market.
Good people to work with Flexibility Decent pay Work on exciting technologies
Provide opportunities to work on core techniques.
- Many different products to work on - Very smart and motivated employees - Flexible work schedule - Cool culture
Ridiculous resources and willingness to tackle any problem.
Some great people to work with.
Biggest collection of Type A, driven, very smart people
Great benefits. Work on products that are very well known and used by millions.
Challenging and exciting work. Good benefits and working conditions. Some great people and technologies.
Microsoft has unbeatable benefits, intelligent coworkers and a wealth of resources to help you with your job. They don't politics get in the way of you being successful at your position, and try to eliminate the roadblocks.
Good salary and nice working environment
Pay well, job secure, stable.
Tons of freedom to do my best work.
Microsoft is a huge place and offers many options for individual career paths. Every one truly has the opportunity (but not guarantee) to make an impact that could literally affect hundreds of millions of users around the world. Not many people can say that. The company has also invested in making managers and leaders better, and is very generous when it comes to benefits, stock, bonuses with also competitive base pay. Depending on the role you're in, bonuses can go up significantly, especially in sales roles which are highly leveraged. The more senior levels get significantly more stock based on their reviews. Stock is granted each year based on performance and is doled out over a 5 year vesting period (20% each year). That means that after being in the senior ranks for a few years, significant amounts of stock can be had by high performers.
Fun, impactful projects across many disparate areas.
Great benefits Flexible hours Smart people When it works, it works very well.
Good benefits, smart and professional coworkers, flexible daily schedule, beautiful offices, good work equipment provided
Great Benefits, Good Pay, Challenging, First-Hand Look at new Product, Cool Work Environment
They provide their employees with free devices and software. They also offer health insurance to all employees.
- Great company, great people and technology to work with. - Awesome benefits. - Work/life balance.
reasonable pay, excellent benefits, open with a lot of freedom
1. Pay and Benefits 2. Global Opportunities
Awesome benefits. Get your own office. The campus is amazing. It's generally a fun place to work.
There are lots of good people here. working environment is good.
There is clear instruction and great leadership
Salary and benefits were adequate. The office parties were fun.
- Great work environment -Good benefits and work-life balance
Variety of technical challenges, fairly easy movement throughout the company , when I get bored I change groups. Large percentage of employees are smart and >50% are very good to work with.
Microsoft is a big company with a very diversified business portfolio, you can find a lot of different kinds of jobs in the company. Work life balance, flexible in working hours and locations make it easier for people stay longer. Take care of employee pretty well, even the reduced benefits still one of the best in the industry.
Overall, I feel that Microsoft is a great place to work with great employee benefits.
Job opportunities Cool technologies Generally good working environment Decent compensation
People truly care about what they're building. Great work environment, excellent benefits. Can work on many different things around the company. There is an excellent culture at Microsoft that's laser focused on making money and also donating large amounts of money to help good causes. People are encouraged to donate time and money to the community.
Highly talented engineers, meritocracy environment, management doesnt decide feature costing on your behalf unless you are wildly off
Microsoft looks out for its people. Salary and benefits are excellent. If you have a good manager, life is sweet and work hours are super flexible. Potential to have huge impact on software used by millions of people. Smart co-workers create a motivating environment.
Wide variety of jobs, supportive management
Good corporate environment, great benefits. flexible working arrangements
You get the updated software and news on IT updates.
work life balance is the best that you can get
Lots of growth, good benefits, top tier software
Excellent benefits. - Health insurance and other benefits are nice. Work environment is good. - Great office locations and good commute options. Lots of opportunities. - Many job oppotunities.
You are surrounded by incredibly intelligent, passionate people. The benefits were excellent and I was paid very well. The experience has looked great on a resume.
Great place to work. You will be among some of the great minds, lot of opportunities to learn and explore if you are determined and self motivated
There are a lot of smart people, even it has been diluted recently. If you are in the right team doing the right thing, it is still a fairly decent learning experience.
The benefits are great, and the campus is a beautiful place to work.
great experience for a services member
Work life balance is great.
Middle and lower layers have lots of smart people with great ideas and a true desire to serve their audience.  A connected story around seemingly disparate products/divisions is finally coming together.  Compensation model revisions have helped offset a 5-year stagnant stock value.
challenge wonderful team, flexible work time
Lots of opportunities, challenging work, great benefit
Working with leading edge technology and design techniques. People at the company are the biggest assets. Challenging projects and schedules. Benefits are second to none.
Great Benefits smart people to work with.
Great talents and many opportunities
Good team and good benefits
Great atmosphere, challenging work and access to high level execs
Good technology,Microsoft software makes some of the widely used software in the world, but along with it comes this tech arrogance, this belief that if you are technically competent, that makes know everything about every topic under the sun. (most of the time, you are just exposing your own idiocy by pretending to know everything.)
Working with other smart, driven people. Casual dress and great benefits. Great place to work and learn on the cutting edge. Potential to be handsomely rewarded.
- Benefits package is really, really good -- health, gym (Pro Club), fringe benefits, etc. - Coworkers - intelligence, personalities - Dev's get own office.
Microsoft has a great engineering culture. Everything is run by engineers, people here are really smart. It's a lot of fun.
Great benefit and flexible working hours
Benefit, discount, vacation PTO, salarie
Good balance of business, technology, marketing problems to work on Unlimited scope of ownership and space to work
I really enjoy working here. Great work/life balance, interesting problems to solve at the office, and great people to work with.
Compensation, work-life balance, many smart people around, diverse culture, and unmatched breadth of technologies and businesses.
The company is still going to ride for a long time on its market-dominant Windows and Office systems. No worries about running out of cash any time in the foreseeable future. Well-established processes and tribal knowledge in nearly every discipline - engineering, marketing, finance. You can learn a ton in the early part of your career. Generally, very smart people with some breadth to their interests. Senior management is highly disciplined about business and money. They tend to make pretty smart decisions. Look at the company's balance sheet and revenue if you doubt that. Nice buildings, cafeterias, and environment as a whole. Reasonable compensation. Great benefits.
Free Soda Pay and benefits are good Have some opportunities to work on cool products
Smart people, good pay, care employees
Decent pay, good perks, good work/life balance
Really brilliant technical staff and a really deep company commitment to training and career development.
Very good company to work in Redmond
Depending on the group you work with, you could be working on the most leading edge technology. Great people, lot of talent, cash rich, and hungry to get back to glory days. There are so many roles and decisions that you can get a breadth of experience while staying in the same company. There are some great managers in the company are they are invested in your career. Its key to land in one such team.
OK Benefits, not what they once were. Fairy flexible work hours
Make a difference for millions if not billion+ people Well funded company which does not give up easily if it believes in an area Ability to work across different organizations such that the sum is much greater than the parts Work in one of the most beautiful places in the US Work with some very smart people
career opportunities are endless, but each applicant must compete with internal and external employees for each job.
challenging atmosphere, learn more about programming
Good employee benefits lots of opportunities
great experience my teams were great to work with
Microsoft is a large organization with significant resources. This affords opportunities to try new things although at times wasteful or to excess.
Career Development Great technology and innovation
You will get opportunity to change the world. What you do will have big impact. You will get the chance to create something that your friends and family will actually directly use.
the benefits are excellent and hard to beat
Excellent opportunities, workplace flexibility. Competitive salary and good work-life balance (even if the food isn't free!) A culture of apprenticeship is embraced and drives the workplace dynamic (everyone is in a constant state of learning).
Competitive culture, hard work is recognized.
Global scale, consumer and business markets gives you an opportunity to move between, opportunity to move internationally and back again, great depth of talented people to work with, a business which is always moving into new markets and giving you the opportunity to grow. You will not get bored if you are a self starter and want to get something going.
fun environment, very different then most retail stores I have worked for, always in the know about what is going on, what sales were like the day before.
fun environment, very different then most retail stores I have worked for, always in the know about what is going on, what sales were like the day before.
Good Resources to improve your career and Technology Skills.But too many Politics among the Teams .If you are not a political player, then you would be a mismatch.
Worked with some of the most intelligent, driven, dedicated people i've ever had the pleasure of working with. Pushed me to grow and get better as a designer, and as a team mate in general.
there are some smart people
There is a lot to learn for a junior software engineer at Microsoft. It's perfect place to learn about the full software development cycle. There are plenty smart and bright senior engineers to learn from. Benefits are good for people with families.
CSS is the best organization in Microsoft to work for. Lots of opportunity, friendly people and minimal politics.
- Great benefits - Get your own office - Good salary - Cafeteria - Yearly bonus + stock award - Get to see some cool stuff
Smart people and good projects, opportunities to travel and work in various different industries without having to leave one employer
They treat people well. Awesome innovation
Salaries and partner stock grants
Benefits. The people you work with (brilliant minds). The environment. Given the ability to grow, go above and beyond your work expectations to do even more.
Stable job with good benefits
Good salary compare to most but not the most competitive. Really good perks and benefits. You have the illusion that you can easy change careers.
Working with smart people who care
Work harder, and contribute more, and get what you deserve
best of tech companies compassionate people good work life balance great facilities work from home health benefits and other benefits are great infrastructure is world class
The biggest pro of the place is the stability. Microsoft is not likely to run out of cash any time soon. Resources are usually not an issue either, though they are not well managed.
The medical plan is top-notch, by far from any other company.  All the auxiliary perc'c are very nice, such as the health plan, fitness plan, etc.  Very bright individuals at this company... drinking the coolaid is and will be expected.
I was very productive only after I understood the Microsoft culture - getting things done with initiative. My work was more visible in smaller groups. I was a little lost in bigger groups and I had shied away when I did not get the recognition - never do that.
Ample opportunities to make a difference for customers and Microsoft. Microsoft provides many training opportunities to grow as well as the opportunities to succeed
Company is big, stable, and making lots of impact to the world. Feels proud in working at Microsoft. Many good people.
The salaries at Microsoft are competitive for content publishing. Co-workers are generally very intelligent and it's challenging (in a good way) to work there.
compensation is out of this world. healthcare. great training conferences. tech toys.
Awesome benefits especially health, perks, fairly good work life balance, job security
It was really cool and awesome.
Very nice place for a researcher
Great benefits Smart people Nice campus Managers do care
Fun projects to work on, exciting new things happening and always encouraged to be innovative. Always something new happening.
There are lots of opportunities to move around and switch roles if you find yourself stuck or don't like what you're working on. Every team has a different culture and different way of doing things. There is no one "Microsoft" way of doing things.
1. Smart talented workforce. 2. Very profitable company. 3. Fairly open culture. 4. Mobility within the company. 5. Good work-life balance. 6. Outstanding benefits.
Worldwide experience Basically get an MBA with the experience Software at a massive scale
People were smart. Teamwork, within a team, was decent. Technology was great. Company resource was tremendous, perhaps even too much, making life for program managers and engineers too easy.
Great people, perks, good work environment
Very bright Devs, excellent Test, functional Program Managers. Sometimes those adjectives move between the three at random times. It tends to work out in the end.
Microsoft takes good care of its employees in terms of health insurance and 401K.
Good pay and fantastic benefits are just the beginning. The company is vast and with that comes tremendous opportunity to move around within the company if you are really good at office politics and networking. Plus, there's a certain prestige to being a Microsoft employee.
Good salary and benefits, lots of goodies, Lots of people work there for many years.
Flexible hours, rewarding, work life balance
The company is filled with brilliant and intelligent people. Microsoft has all type of teams and plenty of opportunities for all kinds of work.
Super inspiring being among smart and driven employees. Lot's of great resources. Able to work on something way bigger than anyone could do alone. Possibility to transfer within the company.
Good work ethics and great team
With so many technologies across so many verticals, there are some problems that only Microsoft can solve. There are many smart people there.
Being around people like yourself, if you're a tech person. The culture is about technology through and through. Benefits are really good but not as good as they used to be. My job had lots of travel, which I considered a bonus. Layoffs aren't a problem like in other tech companies these days if you can 'keep to the program', so stability is a built in benefit these days.
Opportunity to work with top talent and large scale customers
You are encouraged to innovate, and be honest with the products and management. All the Ideas I've come up with have been moved around the company which certain feels good to know that they have good eco system for sharing innovation.
Great pay and benefits, even straight out of college Flexible hours Good people Interesting and innovative products
Pro's are deep pockets so you never worry about getting access to the tools you need to efficiently get the job done. It's built into the culture that you can jump jobs every year to ensure you stay excited. The company has amazing values and every year, the employees/company donate time and money to numerous organizations.
Big ship - not going bankrupt anytime soon. Smart, cool, diverse people. Flexible schedules and outstanding benefits. Some cool products - like XBOX. Very philanthropic - supports the charities you donate to.  The overall company has lots of opportunities - which is great. You could be an accountant in France, and set a goal of doing software sales in China, and Microsoft can help make that happen.
if every thing well around you , you will get a good bonus and salary
Huge company. Software engineering process.
Great company name. Great benefits.Some part of the company are working on some really cool things.
Free soda, coffee and parking. Bonus structure is good if you can get ranked well.
great perks, great salary. coffee is free and great. great offices, great coworkers
Flex schedule and ability to work remote. Management understood employees had to balance family and work priorities. This varies by group. Good medical benefits: was 100% employer paid but that has changed now. Opportunities for growth and advancement within the company.
At Microsoft you work on products that are used by many people, and it's a huge rush to know that your code will be used millions of times. Work-life balance is better than any of my friends that work in similar roles at different companies. The pay is competitive, and the medical benefits until recently were best of the bunch.
Great name on resume, get free stuff
worked with the smartest people in the world
Good health insurance coverage. Capable colleagues. Can get interesting projects to work on if lucky enough. Single window office if you are senior enough.
Lots of opportunities to do different types of work. Good benefits. Lots of perks e.g. mobile phone discounts on every major carrier, discounted software and hardware, free MSDN accounts, telecommute, free bus service.
Lot of opportunity, challenging work, good training (continuous). Looks good on your resume.
Amazing career opportunities, great products, incredible resiliency.
diverse set of products and services
Opportunities abound to move about and find different things.
Availability of resources, from technical training, to ergonomic furniture and everything in between. Ample free parking (kind of running short in various buildings in Redmond) and free coffee and pop. Good pay. Medical benefits used to be good prior to 2013, but not anymore.
Nice people and working environment
You will be working with smart, engaged co-workers in an almost infinite number of tech fields. For recent college graduates Microsoft can be a wonderful extension to your education - on the job training as long as you stay no longer than five years. I would not recommend working at Microsoft to senior employees, your prior experience will not be valued.  You will have access to all the tools you need to be successful in your job.  The key to success at Microsoft is picking the right manager and staying with them, which unfortunately, to a great extent, is out of the employee's control.
No limits on how far you can grow. Great opportunity to move from one role to other roles. Stable, meaningful work. You can change the world from here.
Great base salary, bonuses and benefits
Access to tons of resources like the internal mailing lists with answers to questions of all types, company library and store, people and training opportunities.
Solid career paths, good pay, good benefits
Great work culture, really smart people to work with.
Great offices, smart coworkers, good salary, incredible projects, and a lot of oportunities to grown up in your career.
The people you work with everyday, make for an incredible workplace experience. Lots of smart people to learn from and to challenge you.  There's a lot of diverse technologies and domains to pick from as an software engineer. Find something that challenges and excites you without leaving the company.  The benefits are great, though they used to be better. Some great updates were made this year and that makes me optimistic about the future.
- changes for you to have impact an 100,000's or millions of users - opportunity to have true ownership and leadership of tasks and projects - chances to move to many different departments within the company - commitment to user privacy and security - Company is striving for strong corporate culture values and moral leadership
Able to move around, great environment.
Good pay, global opportunities, some very good products
Good work experience. Have opportunity to experience everything in a product cycle. Good work/life balance.
big and a lot of fun
smart SMART people Benefits while complicated are still ok lots of different businesses freedom to think of new things
Salary/Benefits in the high average
Microsoft does a great job of taking care of their employees. It's clear that they value them and give as much as they reasonably can give to them given how large they are and how they're always under the microscope with investors.
The benefits are still pretty good, although not as good as they used to be. Being able to get access to and work with the wide array of Microsoft products is a huge plus. Most groups still have separate offices for each employee.
amazing ppl company that wants to do good lots of teams, can change around often and find something you like
Plenty of challenging opportunities which leads to a variety of career changes (optional of course).
people, technologies, culture, challenges, opportunities
IT boot camp, name recognition on CV
Good source of info, good classes...
the company has Smart people, some of the best benefits in the country, the company gives consideration to diversity.
Incredible opportunities to learn new skills, discover career opportunities and work with some really, really smart people. Flexible work style - for most groups.
- Good management, good career development - Lots of opportunities and products, so one can expand one's experience within the company - Smart people to work with, though people are transitioning more to other companies - Good work life balance
Top benefits, strong pay, smart co-workers, opportunity to move around and have a career. Flexible work environment (as long as you discount the lack-life balance)
Variety of technologies in portfolio Many great people Work with many large customers Global footprint
Flexible hours, smart individual contributors, nice location in Seattle
I have been interviewed by ms, I think it is a good place
Never micro-managed. Freedom to think. You control your future.
The company has projects in almost every different area and so you can work on areas that most interest you.
Developing new consulting business within Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana and Arkansas. This includes managing, developing marketing programs , accounts development and support. This is a start up environment that I was asked to take responsibility to grow a certain levels.
Benefits that included free transportation to work
Endless amount of challenges, for those who hate jobs that can get tedious. Work on awesome technology, tackle new areas, and able to make a difference.
Access to the latest technology. A real sense of camaraderie. Free certification available for Microsoft products.
Smart people, innovation, decent benefits, nice offices
Flexibility, good pay, interesting code. Engineers are highly qualified. There are so many divisions and technologies and different kinds of customers that if you do a good job, it's easy to move into a role you like.
High wage compared with other similar roles and level of effort.
flexibilty, work life balance, benefits were solid
There are obvious benefits to working at Microsoft. If you can hit your targets, you can make a good deal of money. They offer a fairly decent benefit structure and base pay as well, and one can't help but notice the name of a monstrous entity like that on your resume. If you're willing to work, you're going to get paid- simple as that.
Focus on Technology, and access to great products and hardware for all employees.
You can quickly get notice and rise up and get into cool projects. You get compensated very very well. You work with industry experts and very intelligent people
- Develops the most significant applications in the world. - Re-invented their design with a fresh, simple, clean interface. - Tackles big, tough problems. - Recognizes and values technical contributions of their employees.
pay a lot than any other
Smart and Talented Peers Benefits Projects with World wide impact
Big company. Good benefits. Decent folks to work with.
*Flexible work environment *Lots of opportunity *Good benefits
Good pay, excellent office space, nice people.
The people are great - creative thinkers, focused and results oriented. Great breadth of opportunity across the different businesses - consumer, enterprise, software, hardware, etc.
Great benefits, professionalism, smart people
Microsoft pays very well - at least at first. There are not other pros.
The benefits are amazing at Microsoft, and are not something you will find anywhere else. Annual reviews make sense and correlate with the goals you set with your manager. surprises are a rare occurrence. Growth opportunities are endless.
Great potential for massive impact across industry and world. Amazing peers (for the most part). Great resources to do what you need to do.
Great successful company - pays employees well - great benefits - very smart employees
Good use of new technologies and opportunities to grow.
Great brand name, implying the best that enterprise brands should offer to employees and also implying that we know what we're doing.
Microsoft is a very large company with lots of opportunities to work in very different products.
Microsoft is an excellent place to start a career in high tech. They are on the cutting edge of technology and you will always have access to the latest and greatest while performing your job. The benefits are really good (used to be great, now just really good). Seattle is a beautiful place to live and work. If you are a top performer, you are rewarded well.
Always someone to learn from. Full source code access to windows. There is always some team around that is working on cool new projects.
Experience, knowledge, learning, skills, getting into the grind of things.
Some of the smartest people in the world you will work with daily. You also will have a lot of freedom to do your job - especially in engineering ranks. Try to be on the main campus if you can.
People are smart and generally driven, lots of opportunities to learn more and increase skill set.
- Cutting edge technology. - Interesting and new products to work on.
Passion about technology, game changers
Free soda. Great Coworkers. Clean building.
Diverse workforce and product portfolio. Movement within the company means you can always find something "new" to do. Excellent benefits even as they've been curtailed over the years.
Wide breadth and depth of technology areas to work for.
There are lots of opportunities within Microsoft.
Microsoft has some great technologies, great people, and great passion internally. The benefits are outstanding and overall compensation is very good. You have the opportunity to work on projects that will impact millions or potentially hundreds of millions of people.
Microsoft still has really good benefits, even though they have cut back in the last couple of years. There are a lot of really good people there, and good products to work on.
+ Great benefits (health, commute, fitness etc.) + Wide range of products to work on - moving across groups can be a bit difficult, but not impossible.
Benefits, community, opportunity to learn new technologies. It is all about software and you work with really smart people. You have your own office. I am a woman and I like that Microsoft partners with women organizations.
work culture salary bonus environment
Exciting and challenging work. My compensation was good as I was hired when stock options were still available. Smart people.
Excellent benefits, smart people, flexible work option. It has a wide range of products. So you can switch within Microsoft to work on lots of cool stuff
At this point, pros are the few remaining really smart AND really nice people (although they're rapidly being pushed out), still some great technology, particularly on the server side like SharePoint, Azure, etc, Windows Phone and Xbox. A lot of potential if execs can sort themselves out.
Decent pay, some orgs have good working environments.
Brand Recognition, Massive number of products deployed worldwide.
Huge diversity of opportunities, and pretty easy to transfer around Amazing peers Great compensation\benefits - company really looks out for employees Work on high profile products
work life balance good insurance open culture challenging problems
- Lot of independence in terms of doing your work - Very good managers and high level people. - Very good employee care. - Good salary-
Good Salary, Good Benefits, Lots Of Opportunity To Learn New Technologies. Great headquarter location (beautiful). Betting parking than most companies.
Great company reputation, Nice working environment, Many internal opportunities,
Work on bleeding edge all the time.
good pay, good benefits, smart people
Creativity, Best folks, very talented
Access to the latest and greatest technology and being part of a company that impacts the world. Your passion for technology can impact millions of people. You can do your day job, then follow your passions to add value to virtually any other part of the company that you have an interest in.
Great work life balance. Some really smart people. Some teams do great work.
Flexible schedule Varied experiences across products Lots of investments in new areas
Lots of opportunities, some great, some not so great. Considering that there is a lot of potential, you may find what you're looking for here.
Microsoft is gigantic. There are 100's of products. Enterprise, consumer, many verticals, and many roles. You will never run out of new things to try.
Great Benefits, flexible hours. great learning opportunities
Access to latest technology Useful internal discussion boards and inter-team cooperation/collaboration Salary and benefits were generous
- Having an office with a window. - The Connector bus service. - Good vision plan. - Landscaping on the various campuses is very attractive. - Decent cafeterias.
It is very employee focused as well as always striving to best serve its customers. Employees are very hard working but the company tries to provide a flexible and fun work environment.
Great benefits and lots of opptys
once you are in, you can almost always remain employed.
Early days were GREAT but those days are gone
Job security - hard to get fired as FTE Facilities are great
Opportunity for bonus, technology industry pays more than some other industries, has good benefits packages available
Great benefits (including the new Health Plan) and pay. As a large company, there are many opportunities for advancement in a role, and moving to different roles is encouraged. You'll work with some of the smartest and most talented people you'll ever meet.
flexible, great to work while you are in college, great to have Microsoft experience
great people and work to be their best at all times
smart people, edge technology, good life-work balance
breadth of technology products / platforms to work on
breadth of technology products / platforms to work on
Usually get to work with smart people Stable company You work here if you want to change the world Solid Technology company
Diversity of products and experiences. Manager your own career. Work Life Balance. Benefits are great.
Microsoft still has the smartest people in the industry and continues to attract top talent. The employees are well taken care of with good salary and benefits and great work environment.
Microsoft is the home of some of the most amazing minds and technical competencies you can imagine. Specifically, in the realm of large scale enterprise level support across multiple integrated products, Microsoft is a world-wide leader in supporting the interactions between various products.  Also, with such a large company, there are some excellent managers and inspirational leaders. Internal training for various competencies as well as personality development abound and are worthwhile not only for their professional but also their personal value.
Smart colleagues, flexible schedule, and good benefits.
Great pay master and diversified set of opportunities
Stable, good salary and health care, nice neighborhood
Some really smart and technical people to work with and lots of potential to learn. Very flexible work life - you just need to be good at what you do. No one cares if you are working from home 3 days a week and come in only for a couple of days. Lot of opportunities to switch between Good pay, benefits and employee friendly
Great people. Great projects. Amazing benefits. $0.00 copay on doctor visits or any kind of medical procedures. Women get 6 weeks of maternity leave. Plus 3 weeks vacation. Digital advertising sales was awesome. MS had great sales support, excellent resources, and always had enough of a budget to do the things we needed to do, e.g., travel, entertain, business needs, etc. Every other company I worked for has had such tight budgets, it seems like I'm always struggling to get the help I need.
Surrounded with brilliant people Great overall benefits and coverage (medical, dental, 401k matching, ESPP, charitable matching - money and time)
There are many smart people
Great mentoring and training system. Great Diversity to select. Very flexible work hours. Works are good in terms of challenges. Leads are generally good. Career opportunities in general is also good.
cool products. great work life balance
smart people, best product and development process,
For a large company it offered me a great opportunity to start a new group. I was surprised by the flexibility.  I enjoyed my time there
Talented employees, adequate resources, access to free software, engineering process for the largest software projects in the world, lots of movement between jobs, pays very well.
Good people, take care of employee
Excellent Benefits, great people, looks great on the resume, access to many types of technology and career options.
Some teams have solid engineers and engineering practices, but the quality can vary greatly from what I experienced.  Microsoft does many different things so there is likely something for everyone at this company.  Really good compensation package and excellent benefits. Amazing work life balance.
Great benefits, world-class campus facilities, smart people, flexible hours. Opportunity is there to have a lifelong career which is rare these days. While many chide Microsoft for having too many products, as an employee, this can give you an opportunity to work on many different products for many different customers. You can even switch disciplines if you work hard enough at it. A bit like a university where you can switch your major.
Challenging environment surrounded with smart people, with the right values, I left to form my own company and I really miss it at Microsoft.
They do a little bit of everything. If you want to do it, you can probably do it at Microsoft.
one of the biggest companies in the IT segment which is always nice to be involved with and looks good on the resume
Many different opportunities, great community involvement, free soda
Microsoft is a well known company. It offers really good benefits. You work with really important stuff. (products used by millions, etc..)
Opportunity to solve large scale problems
Stable place to work most of the time
- Great talent. There is some really good talent in Microsoft and opportunity to work and learn from them is awesome. - Microsoft provides opportunity to work on wide spectrum of technologies - Bing, Server, Windows, XBOX, Office - Microsoft provides good work life balance. - Microsoft has some of the best benefit package in industry.
Smart people, good compensation, the opportunity to work on projects with hundreds of millions of users.
Incredible work/life balance. Extremely talented individuals.
Good benefits, good pay and global experience.
Investment in tooling and robust merchandising processes. Dynamic working environment and great collaboration
I had the opportunity to work with some of the brightest, most hard working people ever. We worked hard and we played hard. Incredible benefits, people are very passionate about what they do. I strongly recommend if you have the opportunity to work for Microsoft that you take it.
Stable, safe, easy, just show up and do your job. Won't find many people there any longer looking to change the world.
The focus on work-life balance is not just words, but actually followed. For young new grads, a great way to learn the industry, working environment and grow quickly for the first 4-5 years.
- Company tries hard to provide Career path to engineers based on their needs - Very diverse set of technology that the company is working on and allow engineers to move to different position as they desire (after certain time of contribution) - Great campus environment, great facilities - Excellent Café and Kitchen, - Rich set of internal community folks can join based on interest
very good benefits, good solutions to sell and hardworking teammates
Smart people, Great problem solvers, Good benefits
Staff, Compensation (salary, stocks, bonus) , health/medical/ins, 401, work environment, work schedule, dress code.
solid stable company with steady revenue stream
access to cool stuff years before anyone else where else can you impact billions of users
Resources, Talented coworkers, sales support, engineering talent, smart product people, really good products.
1. Plenty of free soda. They sometimes cater lunch or dinner as well if it's a special day. 2. Cool co-workers. 3. Laid back bosses. 4. Talk to people at the mall all day and sell them cool things like the Surface Pro. 5. Some free swag (they handed out Surface RTs and free phones not too long ago). 6. Access to the Microsoft corporate intranet and a @microsoft.com e-mail address.
Pay, benefits, work-life balance are all very good, Most lower level managers are good to work for and have your back. Free sodas, discount programs for just about everything, subsidized food in cafeteria. Working with latest technology.
Overall it is good to be part of Microsoft. They pay well, benefits are good. Bonus and stock options are also good.
Great company to work with. Flexible work schedule. Challenging projects and deadlines. Care for customers and attitude to win.
Great minds work here. Always dedicated to advancing technology and improving our lives.
Benefits are pretty good (healthcare, life insurance, etc.) Perks are great (Company Store, Pro Club Membership, etc.) Really smart people
benefits, flexibility, telecommute and good bonuses
Work with smart people on interesting technical work. Ability to move to new groups within the company relatively easily, so can keep learning new and interesting things.
great Compensation, structured career, opportunities
- You will work with some of the smartest engineers - You will have the opportunity to work on a wide range of technologies
You will learn with a leading company that challenges where you must exceed
Highly driven and smart employees. Lots of different products, services and careers to pursue. A great company to gain valuable experience. Generally speaking, its culture welcomes moving across groups and/or roles. What you do impacts millions of people all over the world. Salaries and benefits are competitive.
flexible, talented and good workforce
Good total compensation package Good vacation Work from home flexibility
Benefits, advancement opportunity, free certifications
Secure job (Microsoft is not going away anytime soon!) Good pay and benefits Smart peers Relatively flexible hours that can include working remotely when you need to
Lovely campus, financially healthy, good only for fresh hires, windows is sold at cheap price.
It has amazing benefits. It has gone down starting 2013 because healthcare is no longer 100% supported, and that's a huge step down, but other than that it has amazing benefits. You work in a rich company, you often get offices, you can easily get very good quality multiple monitors and desktops, you keep getting other freebies.  People there are very smart, you can learn a lot. Also, since we are working within Microsoft, most of Microsoft's latest technologies is readily and freely available to its employees to use in their teams. Most teams constantly try to keep up to date with the latest technologies and releases, so you are able to work on cutting edge technologies more easily than in smaller companies that can't afford to keep upgrading their Microsoft products every 2 years.
Business, capacity to create impact
Great benefits with a lot of swag. Students get an MSDNA subscription. New laptop or tablet provided. Get to network with many Microsoft employees.
scope of learning new technology
Huge balance sheet to do deals and exciting tech
Prior to be assimilated into MSFT we had a great work environment.
Great company, Good work-life balance, competitive benefits and salaries. Company has a great culture of GIVING to the community.
Autonomy, empowerment, visibility, great compensation/benefits
Well defined career path and help along the way on any given career path.
Big name in the industry Lots of challenging work, smart colleagues Strong benefits, although not as much as it used to be
Great if you are in an org that aligns with your culture and product passions. Also easy to move internally if you aren't
Big company with lots of opportunities to learn and grow Access to new and exciting technology and innovation Depending on the team/division the environment can be very stimulating, with very smart and engaging people, new ideas, lots of energy Benefits are good, they used to be the best, but they are still very good
Very competitive salary and unbeatable benefits package
Microsoft does have the potential for you to interact with some of the smartest people in the business but you will have to work on one of the product teams. If you work for the part of the company that provides support then I pity you.
I love working at this company. It's one of the best companies to work for. You are treated with respect and I've been across two business lines now. Many things to do outside of work and the product discounts are fantastic. If I have it my way, I'll retire from this company!
Great Future Job Potential Expanding markets
Good benefits - esp health, retirement, perks, etc Good educational opportunities Flexible hours PRIVATE OFFICE is a big one
On the right team, good work-life balance is possible. Compensation is very good, but you won't get rich from the stock any more. Benefits aren't quite as good as they used to be, but still better than what is offered by most companies.
The people, opportunities, and the forward looking technical areas. Services.
Very bright people, good pay, good benefits. Educational advancement opportunities/certs. Looks great on a resume.
good benefits coming with a big company, e.g., good medical insurance etc..
Good salary, smart people, work life balance.
good benefits, work life balance
Good benefits and opportunities to grow
Strong enterprise business with big impact in may markets and multiple businesses in the billions of dollars. If you want to learn how to do business in a complex environment with field and partners, this is the place to get good at it. It is one of the few places you can still have a diverse and long careers possible. The constant learning and international opportunities are also unique.
Good benefits and compensation. There are lots of opportunities to work with talented people.
It's Microsoft. Big, influential company in many markets. Very diverse employees and accepting of everyone. (Personally impressed by this)
Pay is solid good, benefits have been great, "Golden Handcuffs" are pretty cool.
Saturated with smart people, puts a lot of effort to make career progress tangible, multitudes of international opportunities, fun corporate campus, like its own little city
- many cooperating teams and plenty of career opportunities - competitive salary and benefits - ability to work on projects that affect millions of people
Good salary, most software is made here so its a playground.
Ability to move around company, stability, benefits
Exciting products and services, work on cutting edge technologies Company is very large and offers something for everyone
Great company with great benefits, amazing people
Fantastic learning experience, plenty of opportunity for growth and personal enrichment. Benefits are fantastic, as well. Lecture series at MS Research open to employees covering a wide variety of subjects across all disciplines.
Smart people, hard-working, great review process. If you are a hard worker, you will be rewarded. Awesome work-life balance and tons of Seattle perks
Microsoft is unique in the industry with its reputation of excellence. Extraordinary products and related technologies - Windows Server, Azure, Office, .NET, WCF, WPF, WF, SQL Server, Exchange - to name a few.
-Innovative: with grassroots efforts like the Garage, ThinkWeek and hack events, there's no limitation on your ability to drive innovation -Pay/Benefits: some of the best in any industry, period. -Flexible: many positions allow you to work wherever, however and whenever works best for you.
Great people to work with and great range of products to work on. Great compensation package - right on par w/ MS chief competitors. Great quality of life, especially in Seattle locations. Everyone has a voice.
Good opportunities to change jobs and living abroad etc.
Benefits are good - used to be better, but still good in comparison Some good groups and technology still exists - but you have to look hard
The products of Microsoft are useful and are often reliable in their customer service department as needed. Time may not be so prompt, but the results are adequate.
None that I can think of
Stable income, good benefits, opps for movement...lateral mostly. Great proving ground in a complicated matrix work environment. If you can succeed here, you can anywhere! Opportunities to relocate internationally.. Access to latest Microsoft technologies and good stock, if you can get any.
Culture, Training, rewards, recognition, Stock grants
Stable, Mature, Smart people, excellent resources
Microsoft has great benefits, great internal tools that makes it easy to get your job done, and people who are incredibly smart.
None. Really none. Unless no other prospects.
The people - Dev, Design, QA, and PMs were outstanding. Highly collaborative environment.
Excellent learning opportunities, career growth is unbound and there are plenty of problems to solve.
There are lots talented people
Great work life balance and benefits
There are still pockets of good work but finding them is tough.
largest software company for API technical writers
People are very smart in microsoft. You can learn.
Nice benefits Plenty of opportunities to switch to different teams/technical interests as there're always multiple teams hiring. Internal candidates definitely get an easier pass compared to external candidates Smart people to work with and network with
Great people, great technologies, great projects, interesting engagements.
learn how Microsoft runs and you can learn more about the most updated software development environment
1. Great Impact 2. Good Benefits 3. Generally smart people
Great benefits, pay and technology
Great place to work and innovate. Supportive environment.
Once you work at Microsoft, you can survive anywhere else
good chances to work on many product lines. good medical benefit. opportunity to learn many techs. good for starter
good product groups, can move around in the company
comprehensive benefit and training, great products, challenging problems.
Fast-paced ability to own your responsibilities- you're not micro-managed Compensation is very good great benefits program
good working condition and less payment
Great benefits lots of smart people
solid benefits package including medical, vision dental, flexible with telecommuting, due to size there are many enternal departments to assist with getting projects completed
Work with very smart people.
huge variety of stuff to work on, where else can you work on a desktop OS, then switch to a phone, console, productivity app or online service? stable company, good managers, empowered employees, transparent decision mechanism (at least in my group, this varies by division)
Really smart people all around
Microsoft is a great company to work for. So many opportunities to move vertically or horizontally within the company.
Vast amount of opportunities, different teams, different projects, different locations.
Lots of opportunities to move around and work on different products, good benefits (though not as good as it used to be), competitive salaries.
talented co-workers, interesting opportunities and Friendly work environment
what can i say, get in the company and youre set for life.
The salary is good, you are surrounded by really smart people. The work environment is pretty laid back.
try to do the right things effectively
overall good work environment to worker
Great Compensation and Benefits Work life balanceis good Very good for People who require Visa Sponsorship
Stable, great people, great technology
Very customer-oriented in terms of feature prioritization. Smart, level-headed coworkers. Good pay and benefits.
Great pay, bonuses, opportunity for upward mobility. Wide variety of opportunities.
Good pay and benefits. Smart colleagues
Good people, great benefits, fun products
I've never worked with more smart people
Got to do the job I love
Old MS employee always they like MS in old time, but not recently. Thing change and people is leaving.
Smart and passionate people, people are always striving to improve processes and tools. Awesome benefits especially medical coverage, free shuttle for employees for commuting, awesome products. Company is trying to update older style workplaces, etc.
Work with some of the best and brightest people anywhere. Do meaningful work which if done excellently has a positive impact on almost every computer user in the world.
Always an opportunity to have a direct major impact with Milions of people while working with the latest and greatest technologies
Smart colleagues,  Lots of exposure to world class technology, Most people have their own office, Career Growth room is also good, can go either management or higher technical position,
Cutting edge technology and issues, amazing team,
Great benefits. Lots of learning and career growth opportunities. Top notch work spaces, tools, and support. Very experienced and skilled colleagues.
The people are very smart, the compensation is pretty good. The company does pretty much everything under the sun, so if you want to change job functions it's not too difficult.
Lots of new technologies Many talented people Relatively high pay in the industry
A lof of challenging work and interesting opportunities.
Too many to mention, great benefits, generous salaries, casual office work wear, great extra perks, concierge, ProClub, Stay Fit benefit, fantastic focus on upgrading cafeterias and new buildings are amazing. Free sparkling water. I was always incredibly content with my "deal". Exciting releases. but Enjoy the exhilaration of doing your very best work alongside incredible peers and indulge in some pure obsession. Pride! Oh, and access to the Library, the education benefits and just the internal training system is a giant perk to me and should be globally recognized by organizations that track such things. Kudos, Microsoft Librarians and Training Division.
high pay, employees are empowered to make decisions, excellent benefits and working conditions
great benefits, excellent pay lots of different kinds of projects many smart people flexible work arrangements global worksites excellent facilities
Innovative, lots of room to move around, employees are treated well in terms of salary and benefits. Amazing people who can make your job fun and energizing.
Good salary, great working conditions
Incredibly beautiful campus. Flexible hours. Still pretty good benefits.
The pay and benefits are pretty good (not great).
Full of opportunities, team spirits
Latest technology and processes. Easy to transfer between a huge variety of product groups. Great pay and benefits. Work life balance for most groups.
Write software that hundreds of millions of people will use. Even a flop is used by millions! Great benefits and good pay. A very nice work environment You can work in virtually any field of computer science within Microsoft, moving easily between jobs without having to lose seniority, benefits, and organizational knowledge.  Used to be a place where you worked yourself to death and became a millionaire, thanks to stock. Now it's a place you work reasonable hours (for the industry) and are well compensated
Great benefits, great salary, great people. There is a lot to love about this company.
Wonderful atmosphere. Friendly work environment. Wine down. Beautiful building. Great food. Hands on new technology. Friendly support staff. Go msrsupp!
Latest technology and processes. Easy to transfer between a huge variety of product groups. Great pay and benefits. Work life balance for most groups.
Brilliant people, amazing energy and focus on excellence at every level. Vision and mission transmitted reasonably clearly. Fairly non hierarchical (compared to other companies) this is not always appreciated. People have amazing heart and passion - a close family. Great products, and a work environment that encourages and stimulates individual excellence and creates opportunities to make an incredible difference in the world.
i loved the pay for my time.
SW Engineers are rock stars! State of the art Many internal opportunities Growth and training
Even with benefits changes, still offers good Health and fringe Benefits Getting better with work life balance Beautiful campus
Smart colleagues, open-source (yes, open-source) tools, life-work balance , great benefits.
Redmond WA, location, large company offers the many opportunities to transfer internally, transportation assistance (eg. dedicated bus service from around the Puget Sound area), supplementation of fitness club or fitness gear
Other than below great people but definately big corporation politics
1. Very large company with diverse business unit - easy to switch between teams without changing company 2. Used to have great benefits 3. Opportunities to work on cutting edge technology
Folks are very intelligent. The company is very structured. Can work in many different areas.
Vast career opportunities - more so in Redmond, but increasingly worldwide
Company is really good at Software development processes and it is a great place to learn. Also, there are many exciting projects one can be involved in, either cutting edge or massive scale.
smart people, passionate, principled company
Diversity of businesses - can work in consumer, enterprise, online Compensation - msft pays many people more than the open market would Lots of smart people to work with
Get to work on the latest technology and work with some very smart people. Lots of opportunities to further and develop your career as well as try different roles and locations. Global reach and opportunity, I've worked in three continents over my tenure there.
Store sold some cool technology
Talented people Great resources Good benefits (used to be great, but recent changes make them in line with industry)
Smart people, very great benefits. And good work life balance.
Flexible work hours. Great benefits (health, dental, 401k, gym membership, free soda/juice/coffee/tea, Prime Card discounts to many local businesses). Challenging work that literally affects 100's of millions of customers. Competitive compensation. Microsoft has a product for just about any area of technology you may be interested in.
A lot of leeway to define your objectives and commitments and make decisions about where you spend your energies on a daily basis. Most of your immediate co-workers are very intelligent and are as equally inspired as you are, which becomes your primary motivator for staying.
1. You can design, code products that are used in large scale 2. Smart and talented peers. 3. Good perks and benefits
Great for geeks. Love all the new stuff that constantly comes out. You can't be technically shy Great benefits Really good people - 80-% of the time.
Great Place to grow as C# developer or up to leadership level Pay is better than average - they pay a bit more than the main co. in area Great people - best to work with and doing things outside work
Great people to work with! CO-Workers are awesome
You get to work with the smartest people around. Offices to work in in peace! Good cafeteria food.
Work Life Balance is better than other tech companies though no ideal. Additionally there are people around who are willing to spend crazy amounts of time at work which hurts others having a more balanced life.
Great 401k Plan Great Discounts Good Training Resource Relationships w/ Fortune 500 Companies
Have great impact, and broad industry exposure. Lots of opportunities to create a name for yourself in the industry, if that's something you're interested in. The best engineering teams I've ever seen. Many opportunities to learn from incredible people. Working on products as opposed to a solution for a specific customer promotes personal growth.
Cool technology things to work on.
Living in bay area and working for Microsoft. Great place to work for and good health care benefit.
Smart people, incredible opportunity to work on technology that impacts the whole world, internal tools and support is the best I've seen
Benefits, work-life balance, engineering quality
Competitive Salary when comparing similar positions.  Healthcare is still good with new changes.  Can control your work/life balance with careful planning.  Great people to work with, product development teams always willing to help.
Lots of different products and areas to work. You can work in industry leading products as well as underdog products.
Lots of choices for teams to work in.
This is a great company to work for. Very good benefit. And the company does reward smart, hard working people.
Good Salary, Work Life Balance
there are great people to work with. they give you good resources there is decent pay incentives
Microsoft is a huge organization. Your experience would depend on which group you work for and your immediate manager. With risk of generalization, I'll try to describe certain common themes that run throughout the company. * Good Pay and benefits. * Employees are valued and taken care of. * Exciting opportunities available within the company if you get bored of current job. You can live you entire professional life changing teams and jobs to stay motivated or get promoted! * There are a lot of smart people work for this company. They have, arguably, the best talent pool in the industry. * You can maintain work/life balance. Although it is optional. Some people give it up to move up the career ladder like any other company. Staying mediocre is an option which may not be available at many other tech companies and especially not in startup.
Awesome tech. Really smart people. Global diversity. Culture is still based in innovation. As far as companies, in America go, this is one of the best.
You can find a group that will interest you. There are lots of opportunities within Microsoft. Also Microsoft has great benefits and supports charities and tries to be a green company. You can make a big impact in Technology world and to customers.
It is like working in a candy store, everything is there. If you want to learn any kind of programming, that is the place to be. Then there is the benefits which are amazing. That may be toned down in the future, but it has been great.
Pay is average to above average and is competitive for the industry. Health benefits are still pretty good after moving to PPO model in 2013. Discounts on Microsoft software and XBOX.
Great benefits, reasonable working hours, plenty of career growth opportunities.
Top notch people in virtually all functons Despite external perception that MS is 'the new IBM" there are some really cool projects going on and company working better across divisions than ever before.
Great culture. Great coworkers. Its a job where I look forward to work. Can't say that about most jobs. My coworkers make it fun.
Amazing environment, great benefits, smart folks, endless opportunities, technology heaven!!
It's about research. Lots of freedom. At least in my group.
The company is going through a lot of change at the moment, but it's a good thing as the different groups are becoming more aligned. Good work/life balance here and managers in my group seem very vested in making sure their staff is having and motivated. Opportunites to move up are plentiful.
Challenging projects, access to technology, overall compensation, benefits
- The people you work with are usually good people - Free drinks and Starbucks/Seattle's Best coffee - Pay is pretty good
Excellent diversity of areas of interest - you can do anything you want to do Crazy awesome set of extra-curricular activities Great community
- Healthcare covered 100% for you & your spouse (although this will be ending soon ) - Free shuttles available only to full-time employees - Free high-end gym membership (not your ordinary 24 Hour Fitness) - Very competitive pay within the region - Generous discounts on MS software - Free Prime card that gives 2 for 1 discounts at many restaurants - Company library filled with valuable resources at your disposal - Prestigious reputation in Seattle - Filled with smart people
Compensation is great (pay + bonus + benefits) and reliable. You get to work with a ton of passionate and smart coworkers.
Smart and creative people Lots of assets - if used together can build amazing products At moments you can still find brilliance and passion (although getting more rare every day) Competitive pay and vacation. Would have said great benefits too but they have been significantly reduced and complicated in 2013.
Great Benefits Experience working with Fortune 500 Clients
Pre-2009, Microsoft had one of the best benefits packages in the industry.
Microsoft has a great variety of teams doing very different work. Where else can you switch from low level hardware drivers to game development to cloud without changing companies? The benefits are great too.
Great company, great business opportunity.
Quality of life, benefits, pay, working with very smart (and nice!) people to solve very interesting problems. Tough to ask much more of "work."
Lot of different fields Great benefits Smart peers & managers interested in employees career growth Good career growth opportunities
Stable company, good work life balance and ok pay
Good pay, good benefits. Large variety of things to work on in the company, but it is hard to get onto the (very few) teams work on new/exciting projects. In some groups it is easy to get lazy if you need to for a while.
Career Mobility Work-Life Balance Interesting Work
salary and growth opportunities are exceptional
Good tools that help with the day-to-day, sometimes they break and it's painful, but still a lot better than not having them. Private offices, which are nice if you just want to be heads-down and get work done. Lots of really smart people, from which you can always learn something new.
Lots of opportunity to make an impact, learn great skills and work with smart people.
Lots of different projects to work. Lots of smart people to work with.
You get to work with some of the best and brightest on the newest technologizes. You are always challenged and learning new things. If you are bored it's your own fault.
Par salary & benes Coworkers were mostly great
Lot of smart people. Can always learn from others. Teams are doing different things, and you can switch group to learn another experimence.
Great salary and benefits. Very rewarding work environment for most of the people I know.
Nice People, Nice Campus, Nice City, Nice Climate
Great health benefits - which are going away in 2013 Good pay, especially stock + bonus once you reach the principal level and beyond Lots of interesting projects & technologies available, with interesting scalability problems Good career advancement opportunities given how big the organization is, if you want to move into management/leadership roles
Loved the people I worked with. Great benefits.
Flexible hours, great pay & benefits. The management on my team is phenomenal at recognizing the strengths of each individual and giving assignments based on those. I really like being able to work from home when I need. Additionally, I haven't been forced to work nights or weekends once my entire career.
Open and respectful culture. Satisfactory salary. Good work environment.
Very smart employees, a joy to work with.
For talented and smart individuals, there are opportunities to move within the company and for your career to grow. People at Microsoft are generally given the free reign to find out what is possible and to try out their ideas.
Great people, great products, can have impact on millions of people
Good pay, good fellow employees
A decent paycheck & good benefits to run your family better. Considering windows share more than 80% of world OS, you can see interesting tech products every two years. You can change organisations if you are not screwed with stack ranking When joining negotiate and get a job with higher level because once you join growth is very slow
great benefits, intellectual capital, engaging work atmosphere
The pros are the benefits and the advancement opportunities. The health care changed this year but it's still better than most places. They also focus on your career and advancement which is great! It's also a casual dress environment which I personally love!
Great company producing good products. Company doesn't save cents on employees providing good working space. Lots of great developers and smart people.
Mature processes Wide international local presence Wide range of products, covering consumer and commercial, infrastructure and applications, hardware and software Depth of expertise on many areas
successful company, awesome products, great pay, great benefits,
Huge ambition Driven people Big enough to chase the dreams
Sharp individual contributors, but all the good and hones ones (i.e. who don't play dirty political games) quit.
1. Lot of growth opportunities 2. Great projects to work on
money makes the world go round
My init stock options were impressive, back in the day...
High IQ teams Great benefits Enormous opportunity to scale
Has good structure in many ways, and I see many engineers try to do things right. Team change is relatively easy.
* Pays... good * Hours... flexible * Management... just like anything - hit and miss * Upper-management... I like Steve Balmer... sorry reader - he's a passionate guy who is trying * Products and solutions... world class * Recognition... immediate * Credibility... outstanding with clients, customers, and partners * So many country subs to go to... so many divisions... pick your poison and start networking
- Good compensation & benefits. - Looks good in the resume
Great environment. Extremely smart people.
Wide range of interesting products to work on, lots of opportunity for real impact, plenty of smart people who fuel innovation.
Hours were flexible, manager did not micromanage, bright coworkers, excellent health insurance, if you are lucky (and very talented), you might get to work on something very interesting. The company is huge and moving around from team to team can expose one to a variety of technologies.
Microsoft faces tough competition from Apple, Google, VM Ware, Amazon, Sony - you name it. But the opportunities are huge. I am sure that Microsoft will get its Mojo back and consumers will see it.
smart people great compensation great values challenging problems
Good work (technically) and opportunity to work on cutting edge. Good work culture. Good Perks.
Great work life balance, decent pay, fun products
Work life balance Compensation is OK
work with some brilliant people people see it on your resume and think you know all FANTASTIC health and benefits packages great development opportunities, you learn valuable skills in day to day work "Working at microsoft is like highly paid grad school"
Good compensation and great benefits with access to amazingly knowledgeable people. Great facilities, college campus like setting.
Great experience, very talented people, very accomodating, wonderful compensation and benefits, high quality products
Benefits, notably Insurance coverage Learning resources, especially for those early in their career. Cultural diversity
Work-life balance, benefits, lots of oportunities
Free Mountain Dew. Cheap software. Huge bonuses for salaried employees if they are stack-ranked into the right box. An ever-changing review system that's like Sudoku, except that the numbers don't have to add-up. There are offices in the same building as Neiman Marcus and Louis Vuitton...so, I guess that's a pro if you sold your stock before Vista came out.
A wide range of technology area to learn, Cloud, Operating systems, SW Development tool etc Ability move within the company from one technology area to another Competive Salary and benefits
Autonomy is valued Access to Resources Benefits Opportunity Brand Recognition
Good Benefits and Good Culture
Ability to work at a global scale, with the potential to get required resources
* Good salary, sign-on stock bonus * Good health benefits, not so good anymore * Brilliant co-workers
Great people - smart and good culture Fun work - technology, innovation, impact Good pay Great benefits Leadership
Retail is a less then desirable field but its nice to find a company that makes the field easy to live in. Great benefits for a retailer especially in a time when most are cutting benefits to save money.
Microsoft is a company with dominant market share in the computer industry, financial resources to fund long-term investments and very strong research and development teams. This enables it to enter adjacent or related markets in search of growth.
1) PAY - Decent pay if you fight for it up front, don't accept the first offer - there is always a contingent offer. 2) FITNESS - 2013 $800 reimbursement for health and fitness related memberships, equipment (i.e. bike/helmet, snowboard, ski's, boots/bindings, versa climber, weight sets, benches, racks, etc.).
Great products used by billions of people Availability to large-scale projects to company worldwide Smart and talented team mates
Great people, great product, great benefits.
Lots of smart people. You can learn a lot and gain deep technical expertise.
Great Talent Good Benefits If you like technology, it is cutting edge Pay is average but benefits makes up Very driven work environment in you are a techy (development group/QA/etc) Easy to switch roles and move to different team - lot of internal transfer/growth opportunity
Use to have great health insurance - Changed in 2013 to a major pay cut
Great opportunity to move to different groups and work on a variety of businesses, organizations and products. Excellent benefits, until this year, and chance to get to know a lot of people. Because the organization moves the needle so often, if you don't like what you are working on or who you're working with - wait 5 minutes!
Diversified working environment. Flexible working hours.
It was a great experience, I learned a lot
You can do any job you feel like, its almost like in pursuit of happiness.
Employees are bright people who, by and large, really want to improve our products and our public perception.
Benefits are stellar and you can advance if you play the politics based on your management chain's rules.
- If you don't know what you like to work on, Microsoft is a great company to explore various technology domains from operating systems to mobile advertising. Tremendous flexibility in switching between the teams - Awesome pay, benefits and work life balance - Relatively flexible company policy to switch disciplines, from test engineer to develop, from program manager to product marketer
Best work life balance in the industry
Great benefits, comps, interesting technology, smart people if you find the right groups
There will always be work to do that keeps you challenged and focused.
1) Variety of technologies 2) Smart people 3) Ability to make a impact 4) Flexible work hours
- good overall deal - great benefits - big impact - smart people - great atmosphere
Very good benefit, may meet great people to work with
- incredible benefits - large pool of internal jobs/opportunities to choose from - easy to move from group to group, as long as you're self-directed - more attuned and accommodating to your family needs
Benefits & Compensation IMO is still the best even after all the changes - esp if you have a family to look after. Being a big company also means there are many different product/industries that you can work in. If you are willing to look, with a bit of luck and networking you will usually find your best fit team very easily.
Get a chance to work on great product
Large Company, Lots of Marketing People, Funds set aside to help Market Products, Lots of Products, Long history of relationships with customers, Msft even has Financing options available to customers to make "deals' happen (ie 0% for 6-12 months). Good health benefits. Good match in 401k.
Good work environment good benefit good food
- Opportunities to learn and move within - Pay well - Good health care - Generally good, intelligent people
A lot of smart people Lots of resources Challenging work environment that will push you to be better every day
Nice working environment Good work/life balance Smart co-workers Lots of opportunities to learn new tech The benefit is excellent
- Great benefits, good set of folks to work with, interesting and varied work
Microsoft is fairly easy work-wise compared to other tech companies in the sector. If you're looking to have a life and get a pretty good paycheck, you should work here. If you want to make huge blazing changes in the industry, don't bother unless you are very senior -- too large of a company to make any real change
Career Opportunities Compensation & Benefits Work/Life Balance Senior Management Culture & Values
Microsoft, at least in STB, is a great place to work, great products, very good senior leadership and a great engagement with customers, partners and community.
Great pay/benefits, brilliant coworkers, inside scoop on new tech
The benefits are amazing, including health, life, 401, shuttle, meal cards. The work is good, fast, and the co-workers are enthusiastic. The campus is beautiful and Seattle is a fun city. Oh, also, the pay is amazing.
Healthcare, Base Salary, flexible work outside the office.
Technology everywhere, always changing and a fun place to work
Benefits, benefits, benefits! Plenty of opportunity for growth if you take advantage. You get out of it what you put into it.
1) Very smart, knowledgeable coworkers. You can definitely learn from your team mates. 2) Many interesting projects to choose from. No matter what part of computer science you are interested in, there's some group working on it. 3) Top notch development tools and other software at work. 4) Better than average pay, great benefits. 5) Free MSDN Ultimate subscription for Employees means you can get almost every Microsoft software product free for your home use. Deep discounts on Microsoft products at the company store when you are buying gifts for friends. 6) Most employees have their own office (though many new employees are doubled up), so you don't hear everyone's personal phone conversations at work.
Great company & management. Highly recommend.
- So many teams => more career options - Health benefits. While it is changing, it is still one of the best in the market. - Prime card (gets you discount everywhere for restaurant, activities) - Microsoft cares about environment: carpool incentive program (TRIP), MS bus with wifi, etc. - Flexible work program: Microsoft support it, but unfortunately some teams (managers) are not that good with it. - Tuition reimbursement - My lists can go on and on
Unlike other companies, a developer is not a mere developer, but a lot more. Like customer focus, contributing to program management is also expected
They are one of the biggest and most successful companies in the world.
Microsoft has some of the smartest people I have ever worked with. They have great technical challenges and I always had enough hardware and software resources to do my job.
Good money, some places have very interesting work, but one has to look hard for them. You get to work with some incredibly smart people, and affect lives of millions. Or at least that's how it used to be.
Great place to be an engineer, lots of flexibility and perks plus room to build your own success.
Progressive technology company Most products are pretty good Good benefits and work environment Very smart people
Solid Benefits Lots of Products to choose from
well paid. Flexible working schedule. privacy-everone gest an office (for the most staff) good benefit package and discount card
Compensation, Flexible hours, Smart people
MS has a decent pay and the benefits are great. Lots of products at MS, products you've never heard of before to go and try.
competitive, smart people, creative, awesome
Microsoft is known all over the world, which makes a great resume builder for people willing to stay for 5 - 10 years. They offer fantastic benefits, good pay and lots of diverse job opportunities. Microsoft is a great place to build out some great skills for your resume.
The people and the intelligence that surrounds you. The new software that you release effects billions of people worldwide.
Challenging and fast paced environment.
Great resources and compensation. Great work environment if you are highly competitive in nature.
On the edge of technology, challenging work , smart people to work with
Fair to good pay, stable company, good benefits, especially if you have a family. Working at Microsoft affords you a middle to upper middle class lifestyle in a beautiful part of the country (Microsoft is based in the Pacific Northwest).
A job that appeals to "A-types". Beginning to look at competitive salary compensation now. Lots of different jobs to try out once you are in. Free soft drinks!
- Working with some of the smartest people tackling real hard problems - Great benefits - Opportunity to move around and try a lot of different roles and get exposure to different businesses without leaving the company.
You get to work on interesting, challenging problems. Products used by millions or hundreds of millions. Hours are flexible with no reporting - as long as you're getting your work done, nobody cares about your hours. Nobody cares about how you dress either.
Good Salary Nice location  The work that you do may not be super interesting, but it's nice to see that your work is actually used in a piece of software used by millions.
Very smart people and great company.
excellent working conditions - notably the tempature
The benefits are still amazing and you get to work with really smart people.
Complex and meaningful challenges to work on. Smart people. Solid benefits (especially health - even after introducing copays in 2013), with great pay. Respect of work-life balance (mostly). Great resources -- e.g., almost any research you want, any time. Company enriches your time with them. Comfortable, friendly work environment. Diversity/minorities valued.
As a software developer, one can always find interesting projects/technologies to work on. Although benefits have been cut a lot, it's still very competative compared to other companies.
They treat you really, really well. World's best health insurance. Employees are clearly valued. Rating process feels very fair and transparent. Lots of interesting and relevant work. Very little bureaucracy. On the inside, it's clear that this is an exceptionally innovative company, and that we're working on solving all the right problems in the right ways. We also have a clear revenue model, which means that our interests are aligned with those of our product's users, in a way that isn't true for all companies in the industry (many of whom rely on advertising revenue to a much greater extent).
Great salary, good career experience
Huge diversity of projects to work on.
-Respects work/life balance, invests strongly in employees' personal development -Inclusive and diverse company culture -People generally change roles every 18-24 months, so lots of opportunities to continue learning
work culture is positive and creative
Great company culture, smart people and benefits.
Good Benefits, salary and equipment
Brilliant people, mature process, agility within the company to move positions, disciplines and jobs, world class training opportunities
When it comes to employee care, not many companies come close to Microsoft. Besides good employee package, it has great work environment and ethics. Alos has plethora of technical fields that one can choose to work in. I have 11+ yrs of work experience and Microsoft is my fourth employer. And this is the best of all !
Good, smart people to work with. Highly competitive environment. Plenty of opportunity for advancement all over the world
Chance to work with quite a few intelligent people. Wide range of technologies to work on. Relatively fair salary and great benefits.
Valuable political and product design skills that will serve you well as long as they don't poison the culture at future employers. Stay there long enough to get a promotion or two, see how a big company ships large complicated pieces of software then leave.
Collaborative and flexible schedules. Microsoft has good benefits and wealth of learning opportunity because it has huge selections of articles, books, and media in the library.
Progressive company, leading technology, passionate employees, a lot of room for career growth and expansion.
Easy to change jobs, exposure to new/ latest technologies
Benefits, Technology is top notch, smart people, the people you work with in general, compensation
You get to work on big products used by millions of people, and there are lots of opportunities to learn and grow your skill set because you can move around within the company quite easily. Also provides some of the best benefits you'll ever find from any company. Lots of fun events!
Work with top notch people. Big Budgets and cutting edge practices.
Tired on working on the operating system in the Windows Division? You can get a job at Bing on Search technologies or Kinect working on human computer interaction or databases in SQL, all without changing your company. Microsoft's diversity of products makes it a dream for computer science grads. Plenty of senior talent makes for great mentorship opportunities for new engineers. The depth and expertise of developers at Microsoft is obvious as evidenced by the recent appearance of Google and Facebook in Seattle to grab this tech talent. Not afraid to make big bets, Microsoft should never be counted out, whether it is investing in a gaming console for the living room or making the Surface or delivering the next generation smart phone OS in a short period of time. The same diversity of products I mentioned earlier puts it in the unique position in the industry to create integrated experiences that only it can create in short periods of time. We may not get free lunch everyday but where it counts, our benefits rock. Did I mention the health care benefits at the company are the best in the industry (yes, despite the changes in 2013)? Sorry Google and Facebook.
Good compensation, good beenefits Influence and change the world
If you work there and have a good manager, make them successful and follow them as their career advances. That's one way to succeed...
- Good benefits. This company takes good care of their employee. - Opportunity to work with smart people and various products
- Great place to work with great benefits - Work/life balance may not be ideal, but management is very interested to improve it - Stable and complex organization that will certainly provide you great experience - Great exit options and great place to build a long-term career
My coworkers are great - really smart and fun - we work hard and play hard. They have given us some great access to products at low or no costs. Dog fooding the latest and greatest software is pretty great and I would miss that if I left.
Fantastic exposure to technology, people and cultures--great diversity. There are a few shining stars for product lines and people. Competitive salary, benefits packages, employee discounts. Large company offers many opportunities in other business units, different products or different roles.
Great company to make an impact, contribution potential is exceptional. Excellent work-life balance.
Cutting edge technology. Good benefits.
Great people to work with, company has vast resources, work / life balance is acceptable
Benefits, People, Resources, Flexibility, Growth
Lots of resources, career mobility and strong investments in employee development. Product quality is high, pricing and policies are transparent. Limited travel in most roles is good for family life.
I've been at Microsoft for 7 years and the thing that is best about it is that it is truly 'choose your own adventure'. There is great freedom to choose a path whether it is by function (changing from product to marketing to sales) to career trajectory (be the next VP, choose a slower growth, aim for work/life balance), etc.
Well structured, competitive remuneration, stead progression possible. Top performers very well compensated.
Great salary and benefits. Lots of opportunities. Lots of smart people. Good work life balance
Back years ago when Bill was in charge, this was a great place to work whether you preferred stable products or wanted to work on riskier, innovative products. Decent salary, benefits, perks and great people
Excellent benefits, good salary , good place to work...
At Microsoft, any employee has the ability to control his/her career. There are any number of opportunities to move and develop based on the skills and career interests that one may have. In addition, the organization is full of some of the best and brightest in the industry.
Working with a lot of smart people from a lot of different cultural backgrounds. Designers now have a stake at the table and are approving end user features in many teams/groups. People there want to make a difference in the world - it's not about greed or getting a feature out the door. Teams are really thinking about the customer more and more these days. Great work life balance.
Good benefits, stability, 40 hours per week work
independent work schedule, work/life balance under your own control
Great company to work for. Fantastic benefits package. Competitive salary. Great for women (although I am a male).
Worked with some of the smartest people in the world. Fantastic team, great leadership, terrific work environment.
great people (but not always) plenty of products (but not always an opportunity to work on what you like) experience salary Seattle/Bellevue/Redmond area learning
Microsoft is a big company with a tremendous number of great people and opportunities. I was able to have several different "careers" by working for different organizations within the company. I could retain the great benefits and seniority while growing my salary and experiences.
Beautiful campus Flexible work policies are common Free drinks Smart people to work with Great Health Care- but this is changing significantly in 2013
Microsoft is a great learning environment and place to build critical business management skills, especially across v-teams. You generally get what you put into the role and there is a willingness to support employees with personal growth in education and leadership opportunities.
Large, great pay and benefits
Lot of resources to try out new ideas
Excellent benefits and pay, get to work with very smart people, get to work on projects that affect millions of people. Always get to work with new technologies or at the very least try all the new stuff before the public. Flexible hours.
The great thing about a company like this is that they have the resources, talent, and market share to affect millions of peoples' lives in a positive way. Working there gave me a great sense of being able to make an impact on the world. It's filled with people that know how to make good software and work hard.
Impressive online reference library & lots of opportunities to learn, decent cafeteria, benefits, bonuses (depending on job)
Smart employees, hard working, products affect hundreds of millions of people
Excellent compensation, both in salary and benefits. Exposure to cutting edge technologies, as well as brilliant minds, across a variety of media. Large amount of personal freedom, tempered with responsibility.
I had great job security, I worked on impactful products that people know about and use, the salary and benefits were great. I felt I was able to have a life and not live at the office.
Fair work-life balance. Competitive salaries/benefits/perks. Work on or with cutting-edge technology that will impact the life of millions of people worldwide.
Working with the latest technologies, Exciting Projects , Smart People, you learn something new everyday
Wide Diversity of Technology. Can move to a different team to gain a different experience.
Great pay and benefits, great technology.
A great company overall. Pay is very competitive and even thought recent changes to benefit packages are passing more costs on to the employee, they are still among the very best.
benefits, work life balance, opportunity
Great access to latest technology, you get all the tools you need. Excellent challenges, always keeps you busy. Sounds like a cliché, but you get the chance to work on products used by everyone
The healthcare benefits are great, salaries range is in keeping with national average for in-house attorneys.
Salary Benefits Peers - very intelligent Career paths
Fast paced environment, highly competitive industry and environment Great bright and smart people Significant amount of tools and resources to get things done Results oriented culture
Microsoft is a place with smart people, good pay and good benefits. It's a respectable technology company (if not a leading one) and there's the potential for growth in broad areas.
Working for one of the most successful and innovative companies on the planet! This company has cutting edge technical jobs. Take one asap!
Ability to drive significant change across the software industry
They value their employees and give them respect. Most people get their private offices.
The work culture is very open. There are a lot of different roles to choose from - developer, test engg, program manager, product management, marketing, etc. There are also a lot of different product groups you can join internally. Internal movement is very smooth and the process is pretty well understood. Pay is very competitive.
Smart people Variety of positions, opportunities, locations to work Good salary Good benefits Interesting work
Unparalleled Healthcare - everything is free (no premiums, no deductibles, no copays) however employees may start contributing to their health premium costs due to Obamacare in 2013 or 2014.  Very sharp people work there. The general attitude of my former colleagues is to think proactively to new trends and technologies and not be a follower. I have worked for competitors who always consider what Microsoft is doing with regards to adopting something new  When you work for Microsoft the respect you feel in a room among others in the technology industry is a nice perk
Big challenges Ethical work culture Friendly peers Flexible work hours
Fabulous people, cool projects and products, well paid, good health & retirement programs.
I love Microsoft. Love the products, love the way it takes care of its people. Best Company.....
I really like the culture of Microsoft as well as how they treat there employees. The work was fast paced and challenging. It's a hard company to get into - but once you are there, if you do good work you will be recognized.
A vast company and a solid workplace to start off with before you move to greener pastures. It was a great company once.
The company is good place to work and has better work\life balance.
Safe and a nice place to work. Good for people with families who don't want to stay at work all day.
Great people. Field positions offer great autonomy.
Global footprint, aggressive competitor, variety of markets, every role in tech is available at Microsoft.
Loved the people, the benefits, and the job! I enjoyed the flexibility to work from home and come into the office when necessary. It was refreshing to work for a large, stable company after coming from several start-ups that were not as sucessful.
Getting better every single day
Passion, Energy, Purpose, Clarity, Impact
Incredibly brilliant - Strategically Relevant
Dynamic environment, opportunities. If intereted and politics are in your favor ability to take advantage of these opportunities.
Lots of resources Fact pace Solid company with lots of product offerings in many areas Solid presence in enterprise (large to SMB)
Complex business problems to deal with. Work with smart people. Ability to learn technology. Strong training & career development.
Great benefits and pay Opportunity to work with smart people
People there are passionate and hardworking.
Good compensation, benefits, access to technology.
Challenging and intelligent work with a great corporate culture
As long as you are have a good manager, you can do wonders in MS. There are opportunities to grow inany discipline.
Professional working environmental Flexible working time Great benefit
top notch people, difficult problems to solve, high complexity
Many small companies within one Microsoft Work done here has Impact to Billions Agility, Innovation, Independence and team spirit are key within Microsoft.
good salary, good benefits, smart people
forerunner in creating great benefits, healthcare, 401(k), ESPP..even gave us $800/year for gym membership or exercise equipment. The people there were also great (if you like a-type personalities). Was the first company I've worked for where I genuinely liked going out to lunches, trips, and events with my fellow coworkers.
Good work life balance available
Extremely smart people who want to work on tough challenges are the norm at Microsoft.
Great challenges working with some really smart people on software and products than impact literally millions of people
- Great work life balance - Awesome peer group - Fantastic benefits - Company finding its groove
Wonderfull Company in order to contunie career
Dynamic, incredible opportunites for your career and interesting work. Always pushing the envelope and never statisfied with the status quo. You have a lot of autonomy to make a difference . great people and always challenged by really smart and passionate people
Smart people  They take care of all legal matters
A lot of internal opportunities - if you don't like your current job/manager/project - you can make a change without leaving the company. Benefits are top-notch. Compensation is finally (as of 2012) up to par with other big local players.
Good pay/benefits Good brand name Ability to work on cutting edge consumer products before they are released in the market
Great benefits. Lots of resources.
Your other employees are bright, enthusiastic and driven to change the world. Benefits and perks are outstanding, including healthcare, time off with pay, software discounts, pay scales and bonuses.
Oppotunities in different area and technology Smart people, world class environment
It's a lovely campus in a lovely part of the country. The company is financially healthy.
Cutting edge technology, smart peers, great pay and benefits. Great for career in the industry.
Lots of perks (free gear, best in class equipment), very smart peers. Innovation is encouraged. The ranks are filled with very smart people who live interesting lives.
Intelligent co-workers, encouraged to innovate, good benefits, beautiful campus locations
-Huge company with broad range of products and services - You will find something in MSFT that you are passionate about -Employees are treated well, fairness and equality in workplace, lots of perks -There are a lot of bright people here that you can learn from.
Salaries, Benefits, Learning, Opportunities are awesome
1. Good name on Resume 2. Flexibility 3. Work Life Balance
Smart people, large impact, global experience.
great pay, outstanding benefits, all kinds of bonuses for people exceeding expectation easy to get help and support internally most of the time nice working with very intelligent people have access to all kinds of interesting projects all kinds of trainings handily available
Love the people I work with -- team, customers and Microsoft partners The quality of the work is interesting and intellectually rich Benefits have been outstanding, this year a big change in the medical benefits but still probably in top 10% Despite the awful stack ranking HR system which encourages backstabbing, there's actually a lot of good teamwork and camaraderie at the work group level
A lot of variety in the things you can do, this compay had hundreds of teams working on hundreds of different products & services from healthcare to education to automotive to games. The fun never stops.
big company with lots of opportunities
You are rewarded on what you do, not who you know.
access to great tech and wicked smart people. lots of budget and resources to actually get things done
Pick your manager, the good ones will excuse the things you don't get to. Network with other groups, pick a winning product, don't get tied down with a losing product. Benefits and perks are great, they are giving all sort of windows 8 goodies to the FTEs - while they are cutting medical coverage - go figure.
Continues to be a place where smart people work, innovative product ideas are encouraged and the company (some parts of it at least) continues to operate like a scrappy startup.
lot of emphasis on code quality lots of teams with opportunities in any field /area of interest. some great co workers
work with crazy smart people. it's rare you would ever hear someone say "that is not my job." The phrase "work hard, play hard" sums up my experience. At times you will work long hours and other times can have a more balanced life.
Great work-life balance. Great bosses. Great colleagues that you can rely on. Private or shared offices (team size/facilities permitting, expect a three-plus year wait or management for privacy in my experience). Good facilities. Pretty good equipment. Lots of cafeterias with varying kinds of food. Company name recognition and respect. Free sodas and juices.
Salary is good. Benifit is good. Work place is good. People are nice.
Great working environment and benefits. People are treated well and with respect. Contrary to some of the comments I think the senior management has done and is still doing a great job leading this company in the direction we need to go, in this extremely competitive industry, constantly looking ahead and shifting course/gear as needed.
Good work life balance. Opportunity to work on products that impacts millions of customers.
Lots of products, and opportunities. Good pay and benefits. Ship software that's used by millions.
It is stable, good hours
Multiple personalized cafeterias, free equipment, office with a door, awards, smaller org setting within a huge company, work-life balance, higher pay, benefits, stock options
Work-life balance is better as compared to other companies. Great benefits. Smart co-workers. Option to change product group.
1. Wealth of knowledge and industry experience 2. Diverse set of products 3. Great pay, benefits and profit sharing
Great Benefits, Beautiful Campus, Awesome Parties, They love to blow money on alcohol, no drug testing because 75% of the company would get fired!
Great perks. Flexible schedule / Ability to work remotely, even from a different country. Very good compensation, Good work/life balance. World impacting work. Ability to get to know very smart or important people in the tech industry.
Great benefits, open communication between levels, felt like my work and opinions were respected even by upper management in my group. In addition, my last manager there was excellent.
- Big challenges - Smart people - Stable company - Great overall benefits
Opportunity to impact at global scale, compensation and benefits, opportunity to do many different jobs within one company, global opportunity.
A good place to start off your career in that you can get exposure to a lot of different products/groups. Excellent health benefit package and gym benefits.
Leadership is turning the company ship and moving fast. Many are excited since MS used to be at the top of the world and no more. But the fire and been lit under their asses and it's movin'. Kinect, Windows 8, Surface, Pixel Perfect, all these products are a start to change the world and the 800 lbs gorilla is going to make a difference again.
The job had a good Work life balance
Great opportunities, challenging work, smart people, resources to invest in doing the right work.
You will be working with some of the smartest people if you are in the right group here. You will have an opportunity to learn so much about software engineering. Good facilities and perks.
Work on some of the most impactful products and have a lot of autonomy. The company really lets you define your work/life balance well.
- Office for almost each employee. - Working on products seen and used by billions. - Large and variable set of automation, synchronization, coding. - Large and awesome set of training courses. - Excellent name recognition: I do not have to explain where I work or what I do. - Windows is the strongest and most technical part of Microsoft.
Lots of opportunity to move around, great benefits, making something big happen in the world. Smart people, a cultural wonder. A well-intentioned company and unfortunately, often misunderstood and even wrongfully demonized by the public/media. The company is MUCH BETTER than the 'haters' are eager to point out.
Tons of within-company opportunities, lots of data to work with, you can find great people, your work affects millions and millions of people.
Great software and products with some innovation behind closed doors
The ability to work on real, cool and important technology that is used by millions of people across the world. Intelligent, helpful and hard-working people. The changing industry landscape is spurring more innovation and new opportunities. The work culture is stable and welcoming, people are expected to have meaningful lives outside of work. :-)
Microsoft is a good company to work for. It offers: - Good benefts, such as good pay, good health benefits, child care help - Many groups and products to work on, so there is a breadth of technological space covered - Very diverse work styles in different teams, some with v1 culture, other much more mature
1. Generally good benefits-- medical, dental, health club, PRIME (local attractions) discounts, etc. 2. Many smart people
Good work life balance (depending on the group), a good compensation deal. A renewed focus on building the product stack.
There is a lot of roles - but it also means to get a very rounded experience you would have to do different roles - but you can do them across different teams - so life stays interesting
+ Variety of products (xbox, windows, phone, office, bing, etc) offer broad opportunities + Flexible work hours and great benefits + Very competitive pay
Microsoft is large and stable. Windows phone is a new product with potential
The company is large enough and diverse enough that you can move around whether that be across technologies or functions and feel like you're joining a new company because you can work on totally different products with totally different people.
smart people, lots of resources, global ambition, some very good foundational systems
Very good benefits and good pay. Several different product teams to choose from. Option to move around different groups within company every 12-18 months.
Very Smart People in General Focus on Delivery Great Execution Very High Impact
Compensation is competitive. Perks of working at one of the largest software companies is cool (beta testing, access to all products for free, etc). Lots of opportunities for lateral movement within the company to work on something totally different.
Exciting works - large impacts to the ecosystems.
Competitive salary strong people to work with
working along side smart people, great company benefits, culture.
Great opportunity for long term growth, strong desire to do what is right and adapt as a company.
The people, the brain power, great benefits
Lots of worldwide internal opportunites. Good place to work if you want varied experiences. Excellent pay and benefits compared to other companies out there. Sure there are exception to this but on the whole I think it is true.
Benefits Smart people Your own office Security (vs a startup)
great people, great products which is used by millions
- ProClub membership - Health care used to be excellent, now is pretty comparable to any A-grade employer - SSDP (same sex domestic partner) health care which is good for some - Lots of different areas so you can basically change job and it's just like changing company - Divisions are almost run as their own enterprises - so moving from Windows to Office or SQL is like a totally different experience - There are a lot of smart people @ MS (and some not so smart, see below comment)
Nice campus, individual offices, perks, smart coworkers, excellent work life balance
Smart people and good career opportunities
Good benefits (although that is changing)
great friends, great fun, great employer, great money
- Good benefits - Opportunity to work on different products - Job security
Great benefits. Flexible work schedule.
Innovation, risk taking, internal job opportunities
Big company with lots of different things going on. Lots of smart people working on so many cutting edge areas, it can be very exciting. Windows 8 seems promissing, so does Win Phone 8. Xbox & Kinnect are awesome. Very interesting to see how O365 will grow from here - should be a big success...
- Lots of opportunities to learn new technologies. - Flexibility in terms of work hours - Typically, your interests are taken into account for whatever project you work on - In general, the managers are good.
- Work with may smart people. - They have a varied portfolio of products that you can move around inside the company depending on your interests. -
With so much money in the bank it will be a good place to pass time until a better opportunity arises.
-Great Benefits -High Salary -Good IT Department
Global company, incredible reach. Many opportunities across business groups to move laterally among different roles and move up into increasing levels of responsibility.
Good work, pay, benefits and smart people
great place to work, top tier smarts, top tier opportunity,
Great people and love the work
Good work life, good benefits
higher salary,friendly officemate,kindly boss, not too busy and have many time to online,no pressure and only working 4days per week
Diversity in people, some of the smartest people I'd ever worked with, good breadth of technology and opportunity.
creative, smart people, fast paced environment, benefits
Incredibly smart people working here. Amazing innovation at ground floor and at local levels. Good people wanting to do the right thing. I believe Steve B. is on his way out, this will be a huge PRO for the company.
Various opportunities inside the company Chances to meet/work with world leaders in the fields
It was fun to work with the smart, passionate people here. The benefits have been great.
Great people to work with, front line managers and non management colleagues are awesome. Good learning experience changes roles as often as possible and you can learn a lot.
- Some ridiculously smart people - Passionate people who have lives outside work - Industry leading benefits
Great pay, great people for the most part. Interesting work, fast paced and very diverse. Many perks, great campus and overall a good place to work.
Stability Focus on your growth Wide range of experiences at your finger tips Ability to drive your own career path without leaving the company Great people to work with.
Smart People challenging Good working Environment Great Benefits
Smartest group of people an any company. Diverse, caring, professional, people do what it takes to get the job done. Not afraid to switch course quickly.
#1. Smart co-workers everywhere, and you'll bond soon enough when "con #1" (below) happens. #2. They had started working on Flexible work arrangements and it was working well. #3. You will be challenged #4. Some great HR and pay polices
- Broad set of products to work on - Mostly smart and driven employees - Great pay / benefits - Good flexibility in terms of how to do your job
stability, work life balance, good salary, ability to move jobs within the company easily and try out different things.
Awesome benefits, tons of career growth potential
Microsoft offers very good benefits (except for PTO, which is average), and the employee stock purchase plan, bonuses, and stock grants make leaving difficult.
• Great place to work if you find the right manager • Good pay • Great benefits until Obamacare kicks in and hits health care plan • Broad set of work opportunities • Good work/life balance if you find the right team and manager • Large support for charity • Internal Alpha/Beta testing for XBOX, Windows, Office, etc… (Geek Points) • Great place to expand the breadth of your technical knowledge
Worked at MS 1996 - 2006, returned in 2011, 2012 as contract employee Upside? - strong brand, market advantage, access to resources, with luck and a lot of searching, you can locate opportunity to grow under tutelage of a good manager and/or mentor. Lots of smart people, who are sometimes (it's uneven) encouraged to behave entrepreneurially. Excellent benefits. Infrastructure for continuing education, inside/outside company. Formal articulation, career paths.
Great working environment, large company with a lot of opportunity. There is a wealth of experienced talent there to learn from.
Very good people management and career growth, interesting areas of technology to work in, easy to move between products
I was able to grow professionally, team with smart people, use the latest software and was well rewarded financially. Excellent benefit package.
You own your career and can move regularly into different teams, businesses and roles. If you like to travel, this is the place to be. The pay is good and the access to technology thru the store and employee benefits are fantastic.The company has great programs for promoting performance - spot awards, high performance awards, etc. It's wasy to move around the company and find a team that is where one feels comfortable.
Great benefits. Very little late night or week end work on your actual job.
Great benefits, free unlimited sodas, the setup company for working inside to get stuff done. MSFT still can be one of the best places to work.
Results oriented. Relaxed work environment. Competitive salary. Great sense of community. Easy job search and role switching within company.
Multiple business groups allow the opportunity to move around the company and gain new experiences without quitting.
Benefits & Perks Opportunities Good to see you work being used
Variety of work within a singled company.
Lots of lee-way for new employees in their effort to become better developers.
High salary, many oppotunities to transfer between different postions, many resources, many gifted experts on different domain
Good people, great benefits, amazing breadth of technology, one of the few places where you can literally change the world.
You make your own career Plenty of career opportunities
Smart people. Solving large scale problems. Great office facilities.. One big MS family. Dog food the latest tech. Getting Windows Surface tablet. Multi vertical business company
Awesome benefits. Good work/life balance. Interesting problems to work on. Lots of team activities, movie screenings, etc.
- Still a market leader in many areas. Strong investment in R&D shoudl allow that to continue. - Great benefits. Good salary, especially for lower level roles. Lowest salaried role is over 70K plus bonus - Many smart people
Great benefits but they are getting worse in 2013. They will still be good but not quite golden. Decent compensation. Most people are very friendly and good to work with. It is relatively easy to move positions within the company to seek new challenges.
Some really smart people work at Microsoft. Some divisions are great. Others not as much.
Stable high tech company with lots of interesting products.
Market leadership in most areas Merit based promotes healthy career growth opportunities
Rewarding and challenging work with emerging technology, good culture in general, meritocracy, flexibility, pay, great benefits, lots of opportunities to branch out, change track, move up.
Excellent work life balance. Personal and professional development. Work on cutting edge technologies.
Flexible work hours Working with smart people Learn to ship large scale products Relaxed working environment Learn a lot about testing and shipping quality products Easy to change teams and disciplines
Great benefits, lots of new technology. Work with really sharp people. Giving program is great.
Access to technology, working with the best and brightest, fast paced changing environment, tough problems to solve, opportunities to do new things.
Good benefits, depends on which team you have worklife balance
Good working environment, lots of smart people. Good salary and benefits. Easy enough to move to different teams/divisions if you want to work on something different.
Smart people collaborating around applied innovation, huge scope of really hard problems to solve which will make the world better, and focused on a balance of short term results with very long term vision.
Depending on the team, you can be working on awesome products. Also depending on the team, people are passionate about what they do. Very smart and driven people, for the most part.
good 401K, good salary...good products
Smart folks, great health club. Decent pay.
Smart people, respect for diversity, giving campaign
The overall culture & values is amazing. It is for sure one of the best places to work.
Great benefits, great culture, extremely talented co-workers, wonderful campus and facitilities
reasonable stable place. nice benefits. if you don't like the team, or simply got tired of the same old routine/technology/building - generally not too hard to find a different one to work for. free drinks.
- Fun, and exciting work - Opportunities to stretch and grow daily - Great pay/benefits/overall package - Smart people
vast resources - human and monetary, small team atmosphere (most of the time), there is a process involved but if you can dream it up -MS can make it happen, excellent salary/benefits package.
Fantastic career resources, healthy work-life balance,
I worked at Microsoft for 11 years and had a great experience. Great people, amazing learning experience, and good career growth/opportunities.
Brand recognition, company have a lot of money to burn.
Great benefits (salary, insurance, perks) Lots of seasoned developers and leads to work with and learn from
Good people, good technology and so so benefits
Bright folks. Big products. Complex problem spaces.
A very rich culture, strong work force, emphasis on fundamentals, very healthy and adaptive software engineering practices, great work-life balance, smart people, drive for consistency
The perks are generally good, even the new, crappier health insurance is pretty good. There are a LOT of really smart, dedicated people there. The trick is to work in a division that's currently got a shiny object, like Xbox or Azure.
Technology we develop and use is really cool. Workplace is fantastic. People are smart and driven. Meritocracy based reviews.
It's Microsoft Resources Incredible benefits (though they are taking a hit in 2013 Perks Great experience
Creative, Respectful, Customer Oriented, Respected
All types of opportunities... if you know the right people.
Good corporate environment, Good benefits and career opportunities
Smart, hard working, co-workers are generally interesting and friendly Great benefits and good compensation provided Reach over a billion users with your work, unique opportunity to have massive impact
Great Benefits, great pay, super smart people
There are some good people in the company. Good technologies, good products. And the benefit is good (although it is going downhills). Flexible work hours as well.
My management chain really listens to my input and takes care of us.
big company thus job security is good
Smart people, lots of different businesses, ability to move around company and learn new spaces
Good Salary & Benefits Intelligent people Plenty of exciting projects Challenging Plenty of scope to grow Strong engineering culture Plenty of opportunities within the company Fun place to work
-lots of opportunities to learn fast -solid salary and benefits -looking at our newest products, the company has a bright future -many opportunities to change your career path within the company -ability to reach millions of customers with your ideas
Great networking and teamwork plus a fun environment. I learned a ton from my peers and loved the morale events we had.
The company has so many teams across different domains like online services, windows, xbox, mobile, cloud storage etc. superb benefits and perks compared to other companies. smart people. work/Life balance better than most companies.
40 hr week, it's ok if you group does not make money because OS and Office products pay will pay for your group.
Benefits are good, but they're changing this year, so...
Easily the best health benefits of any company or organization I'm aware of worldwide. Strong internal and corporate support for diversity and progressive social issues like same-sex partnerships. Wonderful corporate values.
work with a lot of very smart individuals
1. Some free drinks. 2. Good offices
There is a lot opportunity to be found at Microsoft, since the company is in virtually every field of computing. The people are smart and friendly. You get to hear interesting talks from researchers and other notable personalities from inside and outside the company. The work is challenging and intellectually stimulating.
Flexible work hours, great privacy
Decisions making is typically very rationalized -- this could be a pro or con depending your view. If you like IPhone, probalby you won't like this company since it focus on more 'real' value.  You will learn how to 'collaborate' -- collaboration is one of most important part of work at Microsoft. In my experience most people are 'collaborative' but it could be super challenging when cross team boundary as there is limited incentive for a team to put other's priority higher than itself.
Huge amount of choice. Tons of jobs across the company. It’s hard to get bored with some many interesting projects available. Smart people. In general there are really smart people to work with – especially in some areas. Whatever your passion you can find some way to be involved. Whether you make it part of your job or just take advantage of the groups and resources. It’s up to you to make your career what you want it to be. This one can be seen as a pro or con.
Microsoft is a large, well-established employer that offers a host of great fringe benefits, such as a gym membership, legal support, life insurance, etc.. Salaries are fairly competetive and if you are a programmer or project manager, there are thousands of opportunities. For most roles, work hours are flexible with regard to start times and the like. There are a lot of training opportunities as well as tuition reimbursement as long as you are working towards a degree.
innovation, flexibility, very smart people
Good management and supportive work force
Resources resources and more resources. It's amazing to work for a company that seems to have a great idea of what it does, why it does it, and has the information available to help team members execute successfully.
Nice compensation, great medical insurance.
Good HR management. Good salary and conditions in general. Nice office and nice working environment.
I always had managers who were fair and really wanted to reward people based on merit (work accomplished and impact made). I always felt fairly rewarded. I got to do some pretty cool work and work with passionate, enthusiastic, principled people. Fantastic benefits. I had a good work life balance and really appreciated that.
MSFT has smart people. These are tech fellows and researchers. Follow their ideas and inventions. MSFT has challenging problems awaiting smart people's solutions. Your product may affect millions of people's daily life.
Opportunities in different areas, impacting lots of people around the world
Challenges are pretty good and fun
Experience working in large projects. Variety of divisions working on different things so it is possible to change jobs once in a while and keep things fresh
Stablized org....aggressive culture....good salary and benefits compred with competitors
Nice environment for engineer like single office/liberal enough for discussing engineering topics even with outside working group. Variety of areas the company covers give employee for choice on internal transfer. Work life balance is enough good for those having kids.
In just about every tech business from consumer to enterprise, which provides opportunities for learning and growth. Junior employees often given latitude to lead important projects. Use next year's cool software (and occasionally hardware) today.
Work on epic stuff, able to change to many different products from games to operating systems to hardware to productivity products and never leave the company.
Exciting, great industry, excellent leadership, fast-paced, global, investing more in the future.
Fair to above average salary compared to the industry averages and a good work environment for those who know how to play the corporate game well (without stabbing your co-workers in the back).
- Make sure you have a good lead who stands up for you. If you don't then get out of this team as quick as possible. Without a lead that supports you, your career won't go anywhere fast at MSFT. - Compensation and benefits package are above average. - The company is starting to perform well. The underdog role suits MSFT.
Challenging work Work life balance Satisfactory careeer growth Very good Compensation
Relaxed environment Flexible work hours and ability to work from home Leading edge technologies Annual poll actually has an impact on the way thiings are done.
Resources, educated colleagues, benefits and perks
Array of projects and products and roles to choose from. Corporate giving and respect for diversity among employees. Exciting future in fall 2012 with Windows Phone 8 and Windows 8 and new devices!
Work Life Balance is great, great benefits
Great products if you want to make your effort impact lifes of billions of people. Great compensation and health benefits.
Varied career opportunities exist in the company
Causal work environment, lots of talented, smart, passionate people, opportunity to make an impact in the world through your work, and good health benefit (although that is changing 2013).
If you're a fan of Microsoft products, there's no better place to use the latest technology. Depending on your group, you may be using products that aren't even available to the general public.  There isn't a single best way of doing things at Microsoft so each organization is free to develop their own best practices. From a career perspective, changing groups is like changing companies without having to start earning vacation again.  The privacy policies are top notch. I have a lot of faith in my employer doing the right thing with a customer's personal data (even when I'm the customer) because I've been a part of so many reviews where privacy is highlighted as one of the most important things.
- Good compensation - Good work/life balance - Definitely get to work on interesting and fascinating things.
Lots of very smart people. It's just more exciting to work with those people than in most companies Impact: the products impact so many people (in a good way) and your work does make you feel you are changing the world Products and technologies: just being at the spearhead of technology, working on cool products (assuming your fing hightech software cool) Tons of opportunities accross disciplines Great benefits and work environment Good package, not great, not going to get rich through IPO package, but good package.
Great benefits, steady, predictable. It's not going anywhere.
The health benefit is really good.
One of the best in terms of perks, work environment and work resources. Gives independence to work on project and features.
Autonomy, varied experiences and the ability to learn mulitple business lines, fast pace, highly competitive environment. Great benefits but you will definately need to use them, and make sure you take advantage of them.
Pros of working in Microsoft are the diverse environment, the job opportunities, the benefits especially the health insurance.
One of the best company to work for unless you get forced stack ranked.
Relaxed work culture, stable business
Decent Compensation if you hold out for a good offer
Good brand and worldwide Diverse in products and people Good benefits Good place to learn new technologies Good career plan
Engineering driven culture, good people, excellent benefits.
The pay is pretty good. Not the best in the business, but definitely above average. Same with the benefits. They really shine with the work/life balance. 40 hour work weeks are the norm (while at other companies its typically closer to 50 or even 60).  I also have to commend Microsoft for being very charitable, community-focused, and progressive. They match charitable donations up to $12,000, sponsor volunteer events and giving campaigns all the time, and extend benefits to domestic partners (among many other things).  It's not a terrible company, so don't let what follows color your opinion *too* much. I would still rather work here than most places, mainly because almost every large company has the same problems Microsoft has. However, a lot of the cons below would be solved simply by working for a smaller company, possibly a startup.
if you can't innovate, buy innovation
Lots of smart people, tons of interesting projects. Portfolio of excellent products.
The company is made up of truly bright people from all over the world. If the problem exists in the realm of computer science, Microsoft has someone trying to solve it. We are relentless and persistent. We do not give up.
You get to work with very smart people. Being a software giant, you get a lot of infrastructure to play with. There are a lot of career change opportunities. Name an area in Computer science and there will be an opportunity to work there. Work-Life balance is better than a lot of companies.
Lots of talent and amazing potential.
Good, generally smart, wordly people who are serious about doing a job well. Great lifestyle company. The benefits are degrading rapidly but are still pretty good.
Autonomy, Commitment, Funding, Brand Cache, Smart Peers, Great Researchers, Great Marketing
For type A personalities that can handle the politics, you can make a very good living. The benefits are amazing. The Redmond campus is is very nice place to work. Your experience will depend greatly on the group your wind up in. For those fortunate enough to hook up with a good group, and get a good manager, MS is a great place to work.  The company's core businesses, Windows and Office, still provide a near guaranteed flow of profit. There is no worry about the company hurting for cash anytime soon.  If the offer is from the right group, and you can handle the politics, then I recommend giving Microsoft a try.
Decent salary and benefits Some smart people around
Depending on the role and division, you can get some major budget and responsibility in your work. Microsoft does hire very smart people and the lifestyle is pretty good for the most part. Very flexible with commutes and about getting your work done vs. where you're working or when you're in the office. If you do spend a lot of time, there are opportunities to get experience across industries and roles to some extent either voluntarily or involuntarily (if you get reorganized like I did every 6 months!). Because of its size, it's a good place to build your career especially early on since you have "margin" for error and lots of resources to support you in your work...
good pay, dedicated workers, good benefits
- Benefits - Access to technology
Work with brightest engineers out there Pay is comparable if not better to most companies in the area
Microsoft has a long reach with its partner ecosystem - it may start slow on new efforts, but then builds a tidal wave across its product line. That assumes, of course, that the market hasn't shifted again in the meantime.  There are relatively few companies where your work will affect hundreds of millions of users. There are different mindsets and pacing with that than companies with a few dozen or hundreds of users.  Good benefits, up to 5 weeks of vacation (depending on tenure,) et cetera.
Diverse work opportunities in the company
1. You work with an amazing group of talented people 2. Great medical benefits (through 2012) 3. Lots of different opportunities within the company
Simply put, the best reason to work at Microsoft is due to the caliber and passion of the people you work with.
Very little BOH for managers. GM's are FOH most all of the time.
Flexible work time Very casual dressing Multi-cultural
highly intelligent staff diverse businesses profitable global head quarters location is a nice place to live
Very open environmnet, empowerment of all level employee, people do not fear to tell the truth
Great benefits, great opportunities, support and encouragement from senior staff to perform as well as you can
Got to work with a lot of very bright individuals, shipped enterprise software used by millions of people world wide, great work environment and benefits,
Great benefits\compensation package. Awesome work environment. Diverse community of incredibly talented and smart people. Deep resources.
Comprehensive healthcare Work on software that's used by millions Work/life balance is good - 40 hours is the norm. Free drinks Nice buildings - not uncommon for entry level employees to get their own office.
Smart intelligent people, Vast variety of work (compilers to online services to video games), Great benefits and salary
smart people to work with
If you want to work on products and services that can have a positive effect on tens to hundreds of millions of customers, Microsoft is one of the few places you will get the opportunity and learning experiences. Though benefits have changed, they are still some of the best in the industry.
The pros would be a balanaced environment to work in, with many smart people around. Get to work with various technologies. Can move around to find the job that you are passionate about.
1. Good compensation and benefits 2. Competent and smart coworkers 3. Strong brand. Looks great on your resume. 4. Variety of products and interesting areas to work on, all within the same company.
Decent comp, hard to get fired.
Decent salary, amazing benefits and perks, bright and hard-working people, and many opportunities to deliver products that are used by many millions of people. Some teams are customer and quality-focused, (but not all).
Good only for people who want to stay at lower ranks. Good technical skills are needed for people at lower level, which in my opinion is a good thing. The organization is only good for managerial roles.
Tons of interesting challenges Good pay and benefits Mature engineering and HR processes that help you do your job Ability to move around the company and do new things Great communities of employees to link up with Job security in engineering
You can work in many different groups and get diverse experience, and you get to work with people from different cultures and so many different countries across the world.
Lots of resources, lots of projects, starting to fire on all cylinders. Great people who are committed to help improve your career. Very cool products.
access to technical resources, nice offices provide privacy, great benefits, directly contribute to software used by millions of people
Opportunity to work on different/unique products and challenges without having to switch companies
Stability, good working environment, secure
Great benefits, meaningful work, and in general if you do your job well and can communicate it is a meritocracy.
Microsoft offers huge opportunities to build a very successful and rewarding career. There is access to a vast array of resources (compute, data, people, science) but with a focus on shipping compelling and useful software to hundreds of millions of people around the world. There are very few companies who offer this type of challenge.
In 10 years working in Finance roles at Redmond the best things are great opportunities (working in different locations around the world and in different roles supporting various business groups), great business partners, working with great employees. Lots of fun activities to participate in (sports and various games on campus).
plenty of access to the toys, tools, reasonable pay
You will not find a higher density of brilliant, sharp, and opinionate technologists. Agile development methods have been perfected in most divisions. Microsoft is a software machine!
1. Aggressive culture 2. High tech
international company with opportunities to grow within
The compensation is excellent with stock awards and bonuses for having a clearance. Some projects are interesting and well run, you just have to find them. The benefits from Redmond are nice, like getting a surface, WP8 phone and hardware refresh this year.
Best Compensation Package and Excellent Work Environment
Impact billions of Windows customer worldwide, my work reaching each of these customers
A company where you can realize your potential
Lots of opportunities to make an impact on the world. Used to be a very exciting and energetic company.
Great benefits and reasonable compensation.
Smart smart people in IC roles Great benefits Work from home
Highly intelligent workers, atmosphere of continued learning.
Benefits were the best of class until Jan 2013 when they change. DEpending on your manager there is a possibility it could be a good job.
Has plenty of resources to accomplish great things. Don't need to worry about pencils, papers, or funds for critical projects. Great support and benefit system for workers with family. Employees are encouraged to achieve work-life balance and self improvement. Smart, talented, driven co-workers.
benefits, work life balance, salary, reach & impact of products
good benefit you can work until the retirement
Great opportunities Good work culture Good salary and benefits package
You get to work with very smart and passionate people
Working with smart people You define your own job Great benefits Exciting workplace
Lots of things to work on, wide range of products and disciplines, big impact, good benefits, good perks, smart people.
Microsoft was an exciting and inspiring place to work. The amount of creative ideas appearing everywhere was incredible and in the best of teams they encouraged excellence, team work, work-life balance and delivered excellent quality products.
Get to work with many smart people, and have a huge impact on technologies that the world uses
Brilliant and passionate co-workers make Microsoft an inspiring, challenging, and engaging place to work.
Ability to change jobs, grow in your career. Love being able to learn about new technology - lots of opportunity for training. -Ability to beta test new products, and participate in usability testing for upcoming products - being able to influence products even if it isn't your day to day job. -Groups have different cultures - allowing you to find a place where you fit in.
I actually loved Microsoft when I first started. The projects I worked on were fun and my coworkers were a blast to work with. While I'd only intended to be there for a year, I ended up signing on as an FTE and staying for many years thereafter. You couldn't beat the health benefits, and the prospect for personal growth was tremendous. You'll meet a lot of extremely passionate, extremely brilliant employees while working there, and those friendships and professional connections will last me a lifetime.
The benefits simply can't be beat. I didn't pay a dime in medical costs, insurance is cheap, vacation is good, the microsoft store sells discounted software to employees.
Financial aspect was decent for NYC location
Good Salary. Decent benefits, but diminishing very quickly. Health care will change from nearly free to costly HSA format this year. Probably a great place for technical people. For sales, you won't be there long. Most sales people have 1-2 years, many less. MSFT doesn't seem to care how much you spend on travel, lying on travel claims is rampant. Bad news for shareholders.
Superb management. Good cafes. Great culture.
Pay is good, benefits okay but eroding slowly, stayfit benefit giving you $800yr for spending on health equipment and fitness. free water/sodas, comfortable work environment, depending on role the dress is casual, global presence and opportunities, the people are great and passionate, latest and greatest software
pays well, cool tech, great people to work with
Opportunity to work on broad range of technologies
Lots of great, smart people and excellent benefits.
There is a very good change that you can have healthy work/life balance. Good product teams are mature and have good developing process/plans which allows you to expect what is coming.
Smart People, great total package. Health care was a great benefit, but that is ending this year. If you can last more than 5 years and can get high ratings at least one of those, the handcuffs are really tight (in a great way.) Worth a stint even if you aren't a fan.
Still has a few smart and honest people Good offices and benefits Access to technology Work and life balance
Microsoft is full of the smartest people you are going to meet. Some of the pros for me were:  You get to work with very cool technology Everyone knows who you work for and what they do You are treated like an adult, little micromanagement in my experience The campus atmosphere is amazing Many jobs are on the profit side of the ledger, so you are not a cost to be minimized They realize that the grey matter of their employees is their most valuable asset, and work hard to protect those assets Moving around inside the company is not only tolerated, but encouraged Software discounts are pretty sweet Free goodies from Xbox DirectAccess
Respectful of ideas, flexible schedule as long as you get your work done
good benefits and smart people to work with
Very diverse work and learned quite a lot.
Benefits and work-life balance are great. The company has a great culture, and activities and sports are very much encouraged.
Very bright and competitive people Good products Excellent benefits
One of the fantastic company to work for.
incredibly smart people with amazing ideas & fun to say I work at Microsoft to those outside of Seattle area.
Pretty representative of what the experience of working at a large software company is like. Some of the execs are still technical which is a plus if you're a dev. Starting to take Design seriously, so hiring some world class folks in that area. Some really great devs who are still trying to get the company to innovate. Try to find out where they are and work with them.
Great benefits. Good career opportunities.
Microsoft are many! Whatever you would like to do, there is a team at MS that does it. If you chose your team wisely (and you can if you good) then you may find a dynamic meritocratic and very fun place to work. There are tons of training you could take to land on your next position. The pay is quite good.
Great Work environment. Insurance recognition. Bonus and salary
Great manager means great opportunities to excel in your career. Great health, tech perks as well.
Health benefits Highly profitable Good facilities
Challenging roles, variety of opportunities, decent salary
It's Microsoft. They do a lot of great things across a lot of different fields. It looks good on a resume, they pay reasonably well.
Smart people with strong passion on delivering results.
Meaningful and impactful projects, good work hours, leadership exposure, structured internship process,
Great technologies, very smart people, great benefits, employees seem to have a sense of pride, beautiful campus.
Lots of opportunities for roles and even changes in career objectives.
Pay and benefits are excellent. You can work on some cool stuff that everyone uses. Lots of interesting things going on around Microsoft at all times.
Unlimited resources, brilliant people, thought leadership, best products, potential to impact the entire marketplace
There are truly brilliant people at Microsoft, and lots of passion in the air.
all around health benefits, great people, great work environment
- One of the finest compaines in the world. - Finest medical insurance in the country - Individual offices/fully stocked kitchen/prime card - Does a wide range of things in software. You cannot get bored here. You can always jump to a team that interests you.
Great benefits, great resources for knowledge growth
You manage your own career - you can take a role and make it into something great, just make sure you keep it aligned with the leadership's vision and your org's goals. You will work with incredibly smart people that do amazing things which. Unlike other companies that I have worked for, the exposure to technology, tools and systems to aid you in your work is amazing.
Lots of smart, passionate people. Great reputation and history. Great opportunities for future (Windows 8, Windows Phone, Xbox). Can find great spots to flex your strengths. Solid set of resources to tackle big problems.  Culture is more about what you get done than 'just looking good' (although the politics unfortunately corrode this 'pro')
Good work-life balance - you don't work a lot. Good benefits. Good location. Free parking. Quiet neighbourhood. Generally friendly people. Large support community due to number of employees concentrated in one location. Lots of amenities and facilities such as common rooms, athletic facilities, playgrounds, parks, gardens, company store, visitor center, etc.
As a working mom, I have experienced a great positive energy working for an employer like Microsoft. I enjoy coming back to work every morning.
Generally stable and steady job. Not innovative, not cutting edge and not going to be exciting. Very much like a big company with many levels and places to hide. Tons of people who have been here forever and are unable to think quickly or creatively. Good pay, good benefits.
- compensation and benefits are excellent - people are usually very bright - internal processes are very well organized - excellent flexibility framework that gives employee a freedom to choose where to work from, when to come and leave work. All that matters are hitting your KPIs - very comfortable place to be
Benefits, internal opportunities are in many ways more than moving to other companies.
great deal of resources and support
good w/l ballance wide range of opportunities throught the carrer ... freedom and options to move from kernel development to Machine Learning in Search company invests in their employees best health ensurance ever. IDEAL company for who has kids! Family activities, doctors are sent to YOUR HOUSE, etc. Location is the best for kids also (very different than SF/bay area)
Very smart group of people, interesting trechnologies and center of PC business
Microsoft is very flexible and professional organization but political and slow to change. but higher benefit. good company.
Well established, knows how to compete, solid financials, best enterprise products in market
Big oportunities, working on new tehnologies with big clients.
Big company influence, huge scale of products, R&D is leading edge.
Flexibility, Benefits, Pay Scale, Learning Opportunity
Great benefits Great breadth of projects Great technical employees
free soda free coffee a few interesting / smart people still left paychecks still show up on time
Transparent pay system, excellent health benefits, and perks like matching volunteer hours with money form Microsoft. There is a great amount of internal mobility and ability to career change and develop new skills. The products are cool, and Microsoft Research and Product Groups are doing really cool stuff in some areas.
No clocking hours: As long as I get what I need done, everyone is happy. If I need to leave at 3 for an appointment, I just let someone know.  Abstraction from bureaucracy: I don't have to deal with higher levels of management. I talk to my lead and my PM, who know what I'm working on, and that's about it.  Physical work environment: I started off with a two person office. Within a few months, I had my own. Comfortable chairs, nice computer equipment.  Various benefits: Free public transit. Discounts at many restaurants and an IMAX theater downtown.  Stable: Microsoft won't be going out of business any time soon.
Great opportunties, good compensation, great work/life balance
Flexible work hours, awesome facilities like Proclub Sports membership, Prime card to avail discounts at various places, great insurance coevrage for self and family.
improving my skill at computer in order to get my better future and make much money
Great company, has brand value
Has great Benefits particularly medical. Workplace diversity Stable company with long term opportunities
Learn from smart people. Rewards high performers. Values family.
Organized work, good leadership, methodical processes. I enjoy the benefit of working with a quality company in the recreational rich environment of Reno/Tahoe geography.
Great mentoring and training model.. Has some awesome people working and some great resources. It gives you good time to flourish and expand your skillsets
Cutting edge technologies, Working with a lot of smart people, Get to learn a lot
Great place to work at. Very gratifying. Fantastic work life balance
Get to work with extremely bright people in products that have worldwide reach
Talent all around you, tons of opportunities for growth, great PTO and salary.
flexibility in work schedules, can take time off for appointments whithout punching a clock. Salary pays the bills
super smart people and exciting work provided it meets your interest area. so don do the mistake of working on something you don like to do. overall i liked the work culture at microsoft.
As an employee, they treat you very well. They make a lot of effort to make you feel cared for. It is also nice to work on big stuff, with millions of users, and making lots of cash.
Strong Technical focus across many disciplines Diversity of product & business groups Scope of impact to end users is tremendous Extremely successful track record
Company stability, education and certification support, relatively good work/life balance in mature teams
Very little bureaucracy for such a large organization. Generally tends toward moving fast with limited planning.
Great pay, good environment, nice people
- Many options for changing teams - Salary competitive in redmond area
Cool technology and internal tooling
Microsoft offers insight and great place to work on variety of latest cutting edge technologies from Search, Mobile, XBox gaming to Windows OS, SQL, Cloud and more
Truly smart people, and most are really nice and friendly Great benefits (but getting somewhat less so) Pretty flexible about hours and telecommuting, as long as you put in more than 60+
Well organized, process-driven. Clear responsibilities, good work-life balance
great benefits, decent salary, great products, smart people. The company is good for someone coming in directly from college to learn the ropes as there are a lot of really smart people to learn and grow from when in the beginning of your career.
- decent comp - not a lot of horrible co-workers - some decent technologies
Solid infrastructure, mature processes, super smart and passionate people, great managers.
Flexi timings Technology breadth Opportunities for career change within the company
Benefits, People , Benefits, Benefits Benefits
Great pay, great benefits, great work life balance. This is not a job that asks you to work weekends or miss time with your family.
Passionate, highly skilled people Amazing internal technology Willing to make big bets
Great access to new software Great place to get experience
Amazing challenging opportunities! Very talented , high performing teams
Very smart, enthusiastic people. Great products. Complete flexibility to work from any location.
The pay is reasonable, and there are some changes to excel. For top employees, there is a high potential program, which can open up many doors for other jobs within the company. If you are a technical person, there is a lot of opportunity to network and meet other bright people.
Unbelievable medical benefits, flex schedule, interesting work
Great work environment, amazing benefits, a wide variety of career opportunities.
- ability to make a huge impact in the industry - great work/life balance - large diversity of teams to choose from - creative environment, yet results centric - great people! - culture of creativity and lots of constructive self-criticism (despite of what you might read on the web)
You can keep moving on and on within the company, and keep doing different things every couple of years.
huge amount of projects happening in parallel - if courious, you can learn every day a new field
Great work environment, talented people, health benefits.
Great benefits, Great people, Great challenges
Microsoft being an established professional company, it respects employee's Work-Life Balance The Health Benefits are amazing. However, that is going to change from next year There are many competitive opportunities. The work does give sufficient work satisfaction.
There are some truly great people working at Microsoft. Learning from them and working with them on interesting projects cannot be undervalued. It's also a great place to intern.
Microsoft has great benefits, average pay scales and good campus amenities. There are good people that work there as individual contributors. There are a number of good telecommuting options.
The opportunity to work on technology that is used by a billion people worldwide, alongside incredibly talented engineers.
Excellent benefits, low-stress. Great people, managers are typically good at managing teams. Depending on the manager, you can get good recognition if you go out of the way to contribute more than what is expected (and what is expected is actually very basic).
money and cafeteria is good. The put brand new computers on your desk and 2 monitors. I sometimes got to work from home, very useful to deal with all the stress from office politics and Balmer's chear throwing.
Nice team work/life balance business growth nice management team diversity
Lots of opportunities internally to take the career in different direction, i.e. Engineering to Marketing. Some teams are working on very innovative cool stuff. Build products that are used by millions of people,
The company treats employees well. Microsoft helps out seattle a lot with charity initiaitives and events. Corporate responsibility.
Can-do attitude, resources to back it up, very smart people, great location.
Great pay and great benefits.
Vast variety in technologies and products one can work on. You can usually switch teams after 18 months with the current one, though usually employess work at their job for 2-3 years before moving teams. Good benefits.
1) Has great benefits such as health care, training, 401k, stock offers, etc 2) Work and/or life balances are so much better than start ups, Google or Amazon 3) Generally, career development goal is clear from management level
Interesting projects to work on, smart people to work with and great opportunities for personal and professional growth. Work culture varies from team to team but overall it's a great place to work in.
World class benefits that keep a lot of employees in golden handcuffs Very employee focused Good communications Great Seattle focused company
Exposure to full ms technology stack Smart folks Huge problem spaces to solve Great place to network with other developers Learn software development here, go work somewhere else later
1) Has great benefits, health care, trainings, 401k, stock offers 2) Work/Life balance are so much better than start ups, google or amazon 3) In general, career development goal is clear from management level
Lot depends on team you work with. I was lucky to work with a great team. Great company and benefits.
Generally they do a good job of renumerative things. This not really a company of 200,000. It is more like 2000 companies of 100 people, so an experience can vary dramatically. They really know how to ship software that has 1,000,000 or more seats / customers. They are the worlds best at being number two (or later) to a market. They probably have one of the best marketing groups out there.
The company is an exciting place to work because there isn't a soul in the world whose life their products haven't touched. Even a simple security fix goes out to hundreds of millions in the first weekend after release. The impact can be very satisfying. Also, there are some very smart engineers who work there and while working there you get smarter by forming symbiotic work relationships. Great place to learn many new tricks. Pay and benefits are also very good. Work hours get crazy only during deadlines but otherwise not too bad if you manage your working hours well. Minus the office politics this place would be great for work but I guess a company of this size will always have some of that. People with many agendas (sometimes conflicting).
Introduction to new inovations in technology everyday! Since this is one of the #1 software companies in the world, they are the leading edge and you are exposed to all of that every day.
There are few places where you get to work on projects that have the scale of Microsoft Windows, or Office. The benefits are great. If you're in the right group, it's a great place.
Great benefits Lots of talent Opportunity to be in the know and at the edge of business software
Innovation is valued and the sheer number of opportunities in there is amazing.
Benefits are amazing, flexible work (telework), capable to have work life balance and still be successful, your manager can make or break your experience, ability to change roles and completely start from scratch if you want every 2 - 3 years.
Microsoft has been an incredibly stable company to work for. Roles and expectations are generally well specified. Lots of opportunity to move up or around within the company. There is always something new and exciting to work on. New ideas are always welcome and freedom to pursue your passions. Hard work is always rewarded.
Flexible work schedule, intelligent people, innovation product lines, great benefits, routine job transition and stable employment.
- lots to learn - large company, so easy to find some area of interest - money is not a concern
Great processes, big projects, high perfoming people
Great benefits, awesome work/life balance
salary and benifits are good long term outlook is poor
My group leaders and team mates are excellent. The work is exciting and cutting edge.
talent people, great technology and product, good environment, not bad salary
Very mature company. Leadership is generally pretty solid. Great benefits though will be declining in 2013. Many, many different opportunities in Puget Sound. Much fewer opportunities elsewhere.
Company provides good benefits (yet), reasonable salary. You have some career path, although it becomes very tough at principal level and higher.
Company provides good benefits (yet), reasonable salary. You have some career path, although it becomes very tough at principal level and higher.
Opportunites, Bonus potential espescially for federal consulting, overal benefits are very good
Plush office, good AV, good conference rooms
Good benefits, lots of career growth opportunities, talented people,
people here are very smart on average lots of resources interesting problems take management seriously as a skill to learn and develop
Strong focus on internal benefits for employees and keeping them focused on being productive vs. worrying about daily life issues. It is amazing what they have thought of to assist employees in the areas of health and welfare and a number of on campus ammenities.
Microsoft is a place where you have thousands of opportunities in different fields! You wanna try out online services? cloud? hardware? office? windows? Name anything, you get here!
the best company in the world and i am big fan of it
Smart people, good benefits, competitive pay
Good company to work for
Challenging environment, much to learn, room for advancement, pay is average, superb benefits
- Lot's of smart people - Great work-life balance - Good comp package
Great company to work for. Lots of opportunities and growth. I have learnt alot with my time served at Microsoft. Development stages are great times and the people are fun to be with. I dont regret working at Microsoft
Very smart people doing great things. Suprisingly good work life balance from my experience in MSIT.
* Access to technology * Innovative environment * Smart people
all good people are there!!
Many different jobs within the same company. Ability to re-invent oneself over a longterm career without leaving the company. The diverse workforce/culture promotes identity and creativity. Though some individual teams/managers may be a bit more rigid, generally, the culture allows for freedom to perform as you may find necessary so long as results are delivered.
- Work with brilliant people on amazing products. There are opportunities to be mentored by some of the smartest people in the industry. - Lots of educational and advancement opportunities - there are so many MS products that there are always other exciting teams to work on if you want a new opportunity without changing your entire career. - Flexible work environment - Great pay and benefits
Work with VERY smart people Opportunities to learn a lot Good work-life balance Work on software that millions of people use Lots of perks and great benefits
Good medical, dental, vision plans
Microsoft is a great company with benefits and pay to match. A large company with upward mobility across the US and Internationally.
My immediate peers are a great group of folk to work with. There is bureaucracy as in any large organization but there are tools in place to alleviate some of that. Most of the technologies being developed are great with good customer acceptance. The overall benefits are OK though in 2013 there will be some big changes to the health plans in the USA with our estimation causing about an additional $200 out of pocket per month for an average family.
Microsoft is at its heart a startup that found itself having grown into a huge company. Every day you come to work, you'll be joining the smartest people in the world. If you like competition, you'll find it here - the system is set up to encourage competition between employees, managers, teams, and groups. Benefits, flex work, and time off are industry leading. Also, the company gives huge amounts of money to nonprofits and should really do more to get credit for all the work they do in this space.
Great employer, benefits, work time flexibility is great. Some orgs have great opportunity to grow as an engineer
Good career opportunities, cutting edge technologies, improved vision and strategy over past years (R&D coming together in the product pipeline), improved upper management, listen to employee feedback for improvement
Some groups I worked with have a very high level of competency and creativity.
Worldwide possibilities Any possible job function Stable company, great benefits Exciting products, smart people, fun competition
Smart people, great culture, some products still are leading the industry
Intelligent, diverse employee base Excellent pay and benefits (health benefits being reduced in 2013, however) Huge flexibility for work hours and location for most groups Lots of social communities within the company, for every possible interest Ability to use the latest Microsoft technology before it is released Super casual dress code Lots of opportunities to learn and grow
- The name Microsoft rings a bell, even amongst the ultimate Microsoft haters. - You will work with some of the brightest minds in the world - Heavy on collaboration, but uses our technology to the fullest so remote work is easy - The culture is still hip and alive, and just simply a fun place to work - Wear whatever you want to work, everyone else does (unless you're in Public Sector and/or DC) - Always cutting edge technology on your personal equipment (although internal tools are lagging) - The benefits are the top of the top, you won't find better, even at Apple or Google - The work is demanding, so being challenged is not hard to come by - The software, partner, and prime card discounts (if in WA) are the best - Healthcare benefits are second to none, although changing in 2013 - Work/Life balance is pretty nice, depending on your area (Engineering, not so much)
big company, lots of training programs, opportunity to learn new things, potential to make large impact if you are in the right role. should be a good place to start your career as a PM or software developer
- ok salary - comfortable office and garden-like campus - lots of benefits
Interesting projects, cutting edge technology, great benefits, flex time, educational opportunities.
Friendly People and Competitive Environment
Great benefits, ability to work from home,diversity, values a "self-starter" mentality.
Good benefits and reasonable place to work alhough to make good money you have to work the system by staying for an extended period and a "top performer". See below how.
Smart people at one's peer level, incredible philanthrapic benefits and culture such that it's both encouraged and supported w/dollars for employees to give time and money to charitable organizations.
Smart people, in general it is a meritocracy where people are rewarded for good work.
Strong presence and ambition in every field of software and services Competent, smart, hardworking people Good pay and great benefits
Biggest pro is that Microsoft deals with some of the toughest problems to solve and also has some of the best brains in the business working on these tough problems. The company also has a lot of areas in which it invests so there is no dearth of new challenges.
the ability to live your values is very important to me. and I can do that here. I love the passion of the people I work with, they are smart, talented and have a strong desire to do a great job.
Great benefits, tons of variety, impact millions of people
Some people are great and products are reaching wide audience.
huge impact on the world, cutting edge products, family friendly, great pay and benefits, amazing support for the community and environment
There are a lot of opportunities. Technology company with lots of weight to throw around.
. Culture of people and talent development . Participate in big things . a large company where you can develop your career . Opportunities to partner with many other companies and have an extended network
Very strong benefits package and employee services.
Benefits are really good for employees
Great benefits , great health care, immigration lawyers best in class
Highly motivated environment that allows for people focus on technology and building great relationships for the long term. You should check it out!
Competitive salary and great bonuses for high performing individuals You can move in the company between orgs and it is like working for another company almost. Offers a variety of career options.
conformtable, mentor culture, passion, skill learning,
Non-stop challenges and opportunities working on products like Windows. Healthy competition is driving us to innovate and evolve the most basic computing experiences. Clear direction & goals, professional and respectful work environment.
Benefits were good, but that is changing. Great network and technology used internally. If creative and in the right group, there are lots of opportunities.
Really great place to work. Work culture is great in my team and I love it. People are considerate, managers I have been with are really good - honest and fair feedback which helps to grow.
For Techies, there is a constant flow of detailed technical information that feeds the hunger. Jobs that require technical skills are fun, rewarding and mostly insulated from the politics that rein today.
It's a huge company with so many specializations that you always have to rely on others to get your work done since everyone owns their specific areas and processes. Overall there's great people and huge moster projects. Afterall, it is a HUGE company.
It used to be fun and exciting working on important state of the art technologies with a leadership team (BillG) who knew how to run a technology company.
Great perks, some great managers, very smart people.
Benefits , location, package , opportunity (if you have right mgt)
everything is just great at MS
Dominant position in the market, makes products that everyone uses (whether they like it or not), good salaries, and great benefits (which are going away soon).
Highly intelligent peers, very challenging work. Very flexible work culture with focus on getting things done. Results are highly rewarded.
Lots of freedom to do new and different things.
technology is always advancing today
in general a good work envirnoment
Sky is your limit where you can take your ideas aligned to business to fruitation.
Lots of entry-level PM positions available Comfortable work environment Competitive salary and benefits Commute from Seattle is reasonable (certainly better than commuting from San Francisco to Silicon Valley), and Microsoft subsidizes use of public transit
Nice campus, lots of amenities, great benefits.
If you get into a good group you can work on some exciting things and with some great people. It looks good on a resume.
If you get into a good group you can work on some exciting things and with some great people. It looks good on a resume.
There are many opportunities at Microsoft to work on wide range of products, from consumers oriented to enterprise products. Surrounded by a lot of smart people. Overall, people are willing to help others cross group without having to go through management. Good health benefits.
Opportunity to do very innovative work and work along side with very smart people
Compensation and Benefits are good
Great benefits. Got to travel worldwide. Large implementation projects. Huge install base of customers so project and programs are large and far reaching.
Lots of Opportunnities for growth.
Microsft has great people and interesting work. In addition, you have the opportunity to have an impact throughout the industry.
Quality of life, overall compensation, work-life balance, exciting new products lately.
closer to home, medical benefits, free soda, people from many nationalities, lots of resources and money to waste, product monopoly
A results orient work environment, lots of freedom and flexibility, a diversity of very smart people, lots of opportunities for career growth, travel, and the resources to make an impact.
Pay, benefits, coworkers, exciting projects
Big company: Everything imaginable is being worked on. Smart people. Great benefits, particularly health insurance. Brand equity. Great intellectual environment.
Challenging work environment where learning and risk taking is encouraged
collaborative, cutting edge technology, strong technical leaders, great people and solutions,
Good pay, great benefits, smart colleagues, interesting products to work on, financially-strong company that offers many opportunities for growth, challenge
Can choose from a variety of different technologies to work on very knowledgeable co-workers, and resourceful respectful work culture work/impact well rewarded
Microsoft has a great health plan, gym memberships and salaries. In addition the extras like free soda, events, etc are top notch.
Employees are well taken care of in terms of facilities and benefits Variety of businesses you can work for Great work/life balance North West is a pretty good place to live Smart people to work with
It had good ambience, work culture. One shoudl should after the software learning new things all the time. can learn many things
great opportunity and flexibible environment
There is a lot of structure around promotions, compensation, and career growth that makes it basically impossible for really excellent people to be overlooked. If you have a halfway decent manager and you're doing an awesome job, it's almost impossible not to know what is required of you to make it to the next level, and what things will change when you get there.  Amazing health benefits (at the time that I worked there, at least). Some parts of the company have a pretty easy work/life balance. Getting the inside scoop on what is still one of the more interesting companies in the industry. Having the opportunity to work on software that touches millions or billions of people around the world.
Excellent Benefits When you get a good manager, the opportunities are vast and you can make an impact. They understand when you need time off. The shuttle system is excellent The connector system is AWESOME! They can take and even welcome criticism (to an limit I think) The level of intelligence at MSFT is 2nd to no one. The people are generally warm to work with. When they focus on something, they really dig in and get it done properly.
If you like working *only* with Microsoft products and drinking the accompanying Kool-Aid, you might like it. The technology-focused people are truly remarkable and fun to work with. Otherwise, the benefits are the only other reason to work at Microsoft.
Benefits are great particularly healthcare? They have great food in the cafeteria.
The opportunity to do impactful work that stretches you in ways you couldn't predict exists at Microsoft. It's a big place and your options to work in different businesses locally or globally exist. The smartest people anywhere work at Microsoft and that always makes you better at what you do.
benefits, flexibility, location, peers, office
Rich learning environment with tons of materials, classes, boothes, conferences and library. Challenging projects highly technical Dev A lot of benifits
It's Microsoft Connector Bus program (free ride to work & home) Benefits (medical, dental, vision, gym membership) Cool technology to work with and development opportunities Colleagues/Peers Company Store Learning Opportunity
Microsoft has an excellent recognition and by working at Microsoft you get a chance to create great impact in the world through your contributions in the products. Many people use Microsoft as a launching stage for their next career aspirations. You learn a lot working with very smart people and you improve your abilities to manage change and adapt to big moves in short time.
- Employees are given a lot of ownership over a project or problem - Everyone has the ability to have their voice heard - Lot's of interesting and tough technical problems available to tackle - Freedom to move around the company
- managers are deeply encouraged to assist the improvement of the careers of their manage-ees - with so many different teams, you can always find a different place to work if stop having fun - a financially stable company allows people to work on teams undertaking risky ventures - Microsoft has the resources to invest in personal growth - work/life balance and making the employees' families happy is a demonstrated priority - small teams feel intimate and close-knit - formal review process ensures feedback and compensation review 2x yearly
The ability to work with incredibly smart people on some of the hardest and most influential problems the world has to offer. Incredible reach and incredible impact.
a whole lot of free drinks
full lines of products and services
The level of innovation is tremendous and exciting. The global impact the company and technology has on people and the industry.
you can get creative and do what you think is required for your successful career as long as it aligns with the business goals of your organization great work culture. smart employees
Great Work Life Balance, Great Pay & Benefits, Incredible Breadth of Technology.
It's easy and supported to move across teams and positions there's a good learning environment for junior people Still some intersting products and projects, a broad variety of technologies
Scope and scale doesn’t get any better from Xbox Kinect to Microsoft Dynamics CRM. They are very community and environmentally focused. Microsoft is just paranoid enough to keep moving without being so paranoid as to miss their own strengths.
Don't get such an exposure to Test anywhere in the industry
compensation, prestige of working for a recognizable brand.
Stability. Reasonble treatment (particularly compared to other local employers, specifically Amazon.)
Great benefits, opportunity to work on industry shaping products and cutting edge technology, lots of resources if are willing to take advantage of them
Training, Innovation, Technology, Content, Leadership, Global Reach,
Flexibility, Ability to translate ideas into solutions
Good benefit, well respected reputation. Good internal technical resource sharing. Manager has power but can't control the faith of the employee. MS poll survey has certain degree of impact on manager's performance. Relatively fair hiring process so that certain manager cannot easily start kinship and only hire people they like not by how qualified they are.
- Lots of choices to work with different technologies - Variety of work culture types (startup to fully mature)
Work life balalnce was one of the reason to join Microsoft. people are nice to approach most of the times.
1) great workplace 2) employee friendly 3) work life balance 4) huge learning opportunity
Work with very smart people, learn a ton each day every day, always too many problems to solve and work on, never bored, I love that I control my own schedule for the most part.
innovative very smart\driven people good compensation great benefits flexible work hours large impact lots of different job options
Work life balance is great and there is no need to be in the office. Health plan is declining but still pretty fair.
Scale - you can reach any market
The internship program is obviously designed to fix any problems before they occur. I had very clear project expectations, lots of positive feedback, great working conditions, and excellent compensation.
a lot of opportunities to learn new things. good and comprehensive benefits. fairly stable jobs. good working environment. lots of career development opportunities.
extensive product knowledge, career opportunities with hard work & dedication, awesome health benefits package.
Smart people, lots of different teams to choose from within the metropolitan area, fun projects, opportunities to learn new things, stability
Working with cutting edge technologies and with the best people in the field. I have the freedom to explore and grow.
great technology smart people incredible benefit company willing to let people try and fail
I've been at Microsoft a number of years, and worked at 3-4 different places before Microsoft. I can honestly say that the people at Microsoft are the smartest, most wide-ranging in their talents and interests, and most inspiring people I've ever worked with. This place is just full of Type A people who have excelled at school, startups, sports, music, and life in general. It can be a little humbling at times, but it creates a really exceptional mix where you can do your best work and stretch yourself and learn something new every week. The company obviously went through a bit of a dry spell, with the difficulties in getting Vista out the door and the mixed response to Vista, and the company's well-documented shortcomings in tablets and mobile devices. But it looks like the company is really turning things around now, with a rock-solid Windows 7 release 2.5 years ago, strong industry buzz around Windows 8, growing enthusiasm for Windows Phone, Xbox and Kinect beating Wii and PlayStation, stock price up 20% over the past 3 months, etc, etc. So one of the best reasons to work at Microsoft right now is that the company definitely feels resurgent -- feels like we are getting a little spring in our step, and breaking through in some key areas that will be critical for future growth. Beyond that, there are all the usuals -- great pay, great health care, great amenities, great quality of life in Seattle, company is focused on staying lean and nimble, etc, etc...
Free coffee, drinks, excellent cafeterias The chance to have your work on millions of machines
Staying current on technology and sales experience. Great people to work with. Excellent benefits, Good pay. Lots of opportunity to change roles for personal and professional growth.
Big challenges, talented group of people to learn from, very good compensation
- Massive company, tremendous resources - Ability to move within groups, teams, regions - Metrics and data driven culture - Highly collaborative, smart people all around - Great benefits (although benefits are changing)
Decent pay package and ok growth opportunities
- The researchers include some of the best in the world in their fields. - Most of the other top researchers come to MSR regularly for meetings, conference, etc. - The atmosphere is very collaborative and supportive - People are encouraged to do ambitious, ground-breaking research
Pay is above average. Benefits packages tend to be superior. Commuting options are good. Work tends to be engaging.
Pockets of serious innovation scattered throughout the company allow you to grow and flourish, unfortunately, they're just pockets. The benefits are good, but now buying my own, they're not that good. The false value of the stock offering is just an annual bump in your pay...stock at MS isn't what it was 20 years ago when I began
The people. I got to work with some of the luminaries, those employed by Microsoft and various collaborators with MSR.
- a lot of opportunities - good salary - good medical insurance - a lot of interesting and smart people to learn from
Good people doing the work. Great applications. Benefits are very good. Some Highly intelligent and skills people with a great depth of knowledge.
We make big things happen every day. Innovative people, great products, profound impact on society. Smart people, cool technologies, learn something new every day.
-Variety of jobs available across different campuses -Excellent benefits -Best of the best, some of the brightest work here -Incredible research opportunities -Breadth of products across different industries
large org and they allow you to switch roles
Work-life balance could be very good. Depends on a group, but you still may get a chance to work with very intelligent and competent people. Very good benefits this year, however 2013 benefits will take a major hit
Microsoft can be a fantastic company to work for. The culture is very "can-do" and there is a ton of innovation on products and processes internally. Some of this makes it out to the product space but we truly do feel like innovators. The health benefits are legendary: no premium, no deductible, no co-pays, and they approve almost *everything*. Financial rewards are great (over time) and excellence awards such as exotic travel remain the best in the industry.
Exposure to new technologies/products all the time Good benefits Opportunities to learn and improve skills Opportunities to move to different groups
Dedicated, passionate and very smart individuals, Microsoft has a culture of perservering in the face of challenges, lot of autonomy, flexible work hours, opportunities to grow and learn new skills, can switch roles and teams within the company pretty easily and get a range of experiences
Benefits Deep pockets Some nice, decent people Flex working schedules
Diversity and openness about the overall strategy and departments in the company. Brilliant and experienced people
Amazing resources, smart people, decent package.
good name recognition in your resume. get an idea of the scale of work in a big company. If you are a manager it is cushy ride. If you are an employee very difficult for a developer due to constant deadlines and demands, OK for program manager and testers
- Smart and Motivated People. - Good Benefits - Work Flexibility. - Multiple Options
If you are a software engineer, you wil learn a ton about software development and have great opportunities to grow and enhance your technical skills. The company has a very broad range of projects to work on, so you can work on pretty much any kind of software that you want to work on. Your colleagues will be super-smart. The company is well run day-to-day and you can learn from you rmanagers and senior technical people. Decisions are thoughtful - you do not worry about abrupt changes in directions.or suddently the company deciding to shutter your division.
Stability, work-life balance, builds solid products
Benefits World class organization Great facilities and campus
Excellent benefits, and relatively good pay.
Good people to work with Managers who tried to help my career (not always skilled at doing so) Good work life balance a chance to work on products that many people will use
Smart, interesting people. Campus has lots of amenities (walking/jogging paths, recreation opportunities, good food at reasonable prices in the cafeterias, espresso stands in most buildings). Great place for young, energetic people to start a career.
Well organized, resourceful, full of talented peoples around you, lots to from from.
Scope and impact of work Smart co-workers Great benefits - parental leave + medical + vacation + medical all paid for Good pay Career growth
At Microsoft Corp, many jobs are completely unique. This is great if you have a strong personality, work well with others, and can define your own work around what's best for the company.
Good benefits, decent salary and market leader in many ways.
Opportunity for growth, excellent benefits.
In their defense, overall the company treates their people well. The compensation is a little above average, the medical benefits were very (!) good (but will be changing by 2013, and there is a quite good work/life balance.
Great work environment with really smart people.
The only pros i can see is, the work experience at microsoft helps in finding jobs at other companies.
Great benefits, opportunity for training, encouragment to develop, peer network and networking with colleagues.
Benefits are awesome, important for families. Pay seems fair, especially when you add in the benefits. The Proclub is a particularly nice perk.
Can work with some very intelligent people, lots of infrastructure and access to resources. Free coffee, pop, and juice. Telework opportunities exist.
The compensation plan for employee was excellent. I love the cafeteria and all the perks provided to employee for free.
- spectrum of the business - maturity of running a large software company - senior engineers to learn from
Microsoft is a large company with great benefits and a lot of financial resources that enable it to take a very long term view of the market place. In addition, the company invests a lot in its employees and provides countless training options and abilities to grow. Beyond that the general work environment is quite collegial and people often invest time to get to know each other and build relationships outside of work.
-Access to smart people -Decent benefits -Safe job -Great for your career if you know how to kiss ass
Smart coworkers, lots of challenging work, great benefits. Nice environment, and depending upon how one acts, lots of opportunities for growth.
Great benefits package, although health care benefits have been reduced recently.
Good Benefits Good work life balance
Good place to work. Great people.
Great pay and benefits. Awesome facilities, great location. friendly coworkers. Vending machines are full of yummy snacks. merit based promotions.
nice company culture, nice &smart colleagues, work life balance
Microosft provides tremendous career growth opportunities and does a great job investing in the employee's professional development. Your ability to grow your career is exceptional.
The work hours are extremely flexible, the offices are nice, the benefits are pretty good, Washington is pretty nice I think
Self Management Flexibility Good Salary Easy to access corporate resources Good leverage of corporate initiatives Clear statements all across the company
High impact projects (software used by billions of people). Best benefits in the industry. Beautiful campus. Most coworkers are very smart and motivated.
Core focus on software means there are a wide variety of software jobs available (games, operating systems, database, search engines, etc.). Awesome work/life balance. Most people have a "can do" attitude and get things done.
It's Microsoft Great benefits Good Pay Opportunities to learn
If you are on the right team, you'll have lots of opportunities to innovate, learn, push yourself, grow, and excel.
Benefits and pay! Also it looks amazing on a resume (outside of wa). Great job to go to if you have a young family and just want a place to work.
Amazing beneifts. Perks like employee discount and free soda.
Fun, friendly team environment, a lot of support for employee development whether that is by your peers or management, helps you stay in touch with what's new in the PC/smart phone/gaming industries
Lots of knowledge, resources, Work life balance
Exposure to MS Technolgy solutions Selling to C level customers Working with world class employees Ability to drive business with VAR's
Access to latest Msft Technologies CompetitivePay/Benefits including transportation and access to ProClub (local, high-end fitness club) Work with many motivated employees
Excellent benefits and pay. Pretty good perks and it's Microsoft!!
Working for Microsoft is like being in school. Pick any area of computer science and there is someone here working on it. Some of the smartest, hardest working people in the industry. The other great thing is the impact you can have in the world - when you check code into a product you have the satisfaction that it will be used by millions of people worldwide.
work life balance smart co-workers cooperative environment great learning opportunities top-tier benefits products and budgets that can have broad impact on the world and the industry
Its a great brand to have on your resume. Lots of opportunities in Redmond. Beautiful campus work environment. Company generally tries to d the right thing.
Fexible place to work, great benefits
Lot of good things. As a lover of technology, you have lot of things to work on. Lot of different challenges to excite you Excellent Pay
Great Benefits, good place to relax.
good pay, great benefits, smart and, dedicated people and it looks great on a resume. Other work perks are nice.
MS provides great benefits Can have a good career run up to a certain level Work from home is encouraged
health care benefits, my salary was ok. general office conditions are good. I feel most of my managers have been good. I have felt challenged and fulfilled.
1. Cutting-edge technology 2. Nice working environment
Good benefits You get insider knowledge of new products TAM role is low-stress Great discounts on software (but NOT hardware i.e. Xbox!) Non-management is great to work with
1. Dealing with very smart people 2. Benefits are very good 3. Mature organization, with mid-management getting better 4. Lots of possibilities for lateral movement (Consumer, Commercial, Different Product Groups, Subsidiaries) 5.
Microsoft is the pioneer in computing. If you've got the skills then this is the place to shoe it off and get compensation. You will work with bunch of great minds on some of the newest technology advancements.
Amazing network of people, and breadth of markets
Amazing benefits, great salary, fabulous opportunities to attend events and network with industry leaders, great products (i.e. Office) and abilty to try out new products before they reach the market.
good benefits flexible schedule smart people interesting challenges
Great place to work. Great challenges and opportunities for career growth. Lots of great exposure to numerous areas and groups.
Good medical benefits for whole family. I knew there are people trying to join Microsoft only because of this.
Some good opportunities to work on really impactful project. Good work life balance. Great benefits (even after the recent changes). Smart co-workers.
Cutting edge techonology, perks, SWAG and benefits, up until 2013.
great benefits and long term benefits
- good scope of work. - freedom to define your own style
Work with lots of really smart people who are passionate about shipping products. Great benefits including health plan, 401k, giving campaign (to pay it forward to the community.)
Benefits are amazing Free bus service to work Lots of freebees
Respect your knowledge and expand the experiance
Working at Microsoft will up your game like almost no other workplace.  You'll be working with industry luminaries and extraordinarily talented colleagues. Many of those that you'll work with LITERALLY wrote the book!  The products you create typically touch the lives of tens of millions, if not hundreds of millions of people around the world. What you work on (typically) matters - to you, to Microsoft and to the people who use your products.
Great opportunities to work with interesting technologies. The people I worked with were hardworking and fun to be around. Beautiful campus to walk around during breaks. I enjoyed the morning lecture series (they brought in top notch MS employees). Great weekly performance review cycle.
Benefits are quite good and generally well perceived when compared with other mai competitros in the area. Also, there are many smart and bright people who are striving to drive interesting projects across several areas of the company.
Microsoft is on the cutting edge of technology, they build amazing software. It is very competitive as many other companies you either do it or you die trying.
Great benefits, the benefits alone will keep a person there. Flexible work environment Salaries were higher than other companies in industry. If person is based in Seattle decent company to work for, overpaid, low expectations on productivity and incredible beneifts.
work, life balance is great. Benefits are very competitive People are all smart Location is great near great places to live. Commute they provide transportation ot work
Great and smart people that wants to do good. Great technologies to learn and resources for you to gather from.
pay, vacation time accrued from working many years
Gain experience, especially at lower levels.
- Opportunity to work on any technology that you are interested in - Opportunity to grow vertically as well as horizontally (generalist) - Benefits - Corporate citizenship (MSFT encourages you to contribute to your cause in more than one ways) - Super smart and passionate people to work with
- Interesting technologies and lots of software development everywhere - run by engineers - vast opportunities to work on different kinds of products and technologies - great, intelligent and happy people
They treat you well and with respect no matter what
1. Great place to learn software development  2. Choice to work on a variety of technologies and products  3. Really great benefits.
nice people, you can get all your answers from different people, so it is not bad at all, and so many smart people
They have nice health benefits, especially if you have a spouse and kids. However, this will change in 2013 when they adopt a health program more similar to other companies. The days of the Cadillac Health Plan, while great, are sadly coming to a close. Outside of that, if you can thrive in the high stress and ultra-competetive work culture they foster and consistently hit the top of the annual performance review curve, the top 5-10% see some pretty great rewards.
Good benefits, competiive salary, good about work/life balance, really intelligent people, diverse employees with international ties, ability to work remotely a huge plus.
Microsoft believes in its people and takes a clear stand on political issues relevant to its employees. The corporate philanthropy policies with matching gifts and volunteer time cash donations are exceptional and make me proud to work here.
1) Ample job oppurtunities 2) Experienced managers 3) Technically strong people around
Microsoft has great benefits -- we haven't paid a nickel in medical out of our own pocket in 10+ years.  Reasonable 401k matching.  I earn an excellent salary when all benefits, salary, and stock are taken into account.  I have had occasional opportunities to do excellent work -- but mostly my work is somewhat pedestrian and straightforward. You can make a difference here, but it's frequently hard to force a significant change in direction even when you know it's right.  you work around extremely intelligent and motivated people. Even the hobbies people pursue are done with excellence -- this is truly amazing.  MS has put a real premium on my personal growth -- working in such a large, intertwined environment has forced me to "grow up" in a variety of ways, and this has improved me both personally and professionally, and the company spends precious time each year helping me focus on this. Sometimes the training seems lame, but it always forces you to think about how to improve yourself. This might be my favorite result of working here.
You get to learn how to work at a large company, work with super-smart people, and interesting products like xbox etc.
An international thinking company with lots of opportunity. Pay is OK and benefits are great. Company tries harder than most to treat staff well.
You can find a wide range of jobs spanning the company, including overseas (if you're willing to switch to a subsidiary). Great benefits (although health will be much less than what it is today come the end of FY13 (July 2012 to June 2013). Some very smart people around and cool products (based on a wide variety of tastes).
Money and benefit that is all Microsoft gives.
Exposure to new technology, good compensation.
1. Access to resources 2. Availability of information 3. Agressive work environment
- High impact work and responsibilities, - Exciting and motivational environment, - Corporate visibility and recognition in the world, - Excellent resources available, - International exposure, - Great pay and benefits,
The benefits are among the best in the industry. They have excellent funds in their 401k offerings, they have insurance with no copay or paycheck deduction. They have legal benefits that are offered at a nominal fee, and free access to a top-notch gym and spa facility. They have health clinics throughout the year, free vaccines and discounts for anything from child care to restaurants all over Puget Sound. Their cash bonuses and their stock bonuses are also amazingly generous. For a good performer, it pays to work at MSFT. It also has an amazing work-life balance. I got a 5-month maternity leave and do not work on Fridays. Facilities-wise, it is also top notch with the expected freebies for a techie company like kitchen goodies, subsidized cafeteria meals and the employee area known as "The Commons", which features a variety of retail dining options, convenience services (post office, bank, bike store, mobile stores, etc.), meeting spaces, and sports facilities—all situated in an urban-market atmosphere. Also, the shuttle service known as The Connector is one of the best ideas they've had. I don't ever drive to work!  I have worked in both small start-up companies and bigger high-tech companies and this is a great place to work. Since I am an industry hire with 12 years of experience, I have a very high compensation ratio for my level. I would have to be a Director of PM at Oracle, for example, to make the kind of salary I make now, especially after the across-the-board salary increase that took effect this past review year (August 2011).
Amazing health insurance and wide range of other benefits make it really hard to contemplate leaving without starting to do the figures in your head. Great diversity of people inside the company, lots of stuff going on that you can get involved in even if it's not your direct job. Lots and lots of interesting people!
Great Benefits and Flexible Scheduling. Plus, a lot of internal job opportunities and ability to move around. Little Chance of being laid off (Secure)
- Good benefits - Smart folks - Pacific Northwest is a nice place if you have a family
Benefits (for now-changing in 2013), Brand Name
They pay good salary, most people are satisfied
At the end of the day this is still one of, or the, largest software companies in the world. There are incredible opportunities to work on software that is used by an incredible number of people world wide.
no hierarchy system .The senoirs do give you a chance to put forth your opinion.Team work is mantra of the company.
Some of the brightest brains in the industry. Lot of knowledge and scope Variety of technologies to work on.
good place to work as long as you have a good boss
There are some very smart, passionate people working there. When you're on a good team it doesn't seem like work. Employees feel excited and empowered. The pay and benefits are good and many people have their own office.
Very flexible in time and vacations
Benefits are awesome, as well as the parties and swag. Could be a great learning environment.
Great work life balance Energetic people
Very nice place to work. Latest technologies used everywhere. Very comptetent management and workforce. Appreciation for talent and innovative ideas.
Access to cutting edge technology Many ways to move horizontally Good benefits Smart people
work with smart people, requires you to be on your toes
Everyone I met over the age of 30 was happy to have an incredibly stable job at a company with excellent benefits and a lot of respect for their software engineers.
Work with the latest technology. Work with smart people.
Excellent pay, good benefits, and free sodas.
There are some great people at Microsoft
Good technologies, continue learning culture, very good benefits, flexible work hour, casual dress and atmosphere, beautiful Redmond campus, efficiency and automation in everything and processes, private or semi private office.
Good place to work at.
Free parking, beverage, and flexible hours Reasonable compensation package Opportunities within the company
Ton of opportunities to advance in professional expertise. Support to move around within the company. Excellent benefits, and good pay package
The scale of the products like Windows, Office, Xbox, etc is very inspiring and challenging. You'll appreciate the process of designing, building and testing.
- Great attention to people management - Work/life balance - Career opportunities that come with large companies - International opportunities
Wonderful expeience. People were all nice and understanding and giving. they were helpful and provided me with ample assistance in performing my tasks.
Every group uses business managers for different purposes. It is one position that Microsoft has failed in trying to normalize, which is a good thing. Business managers are the people who do "other duties as assigned," one after the other. They are about building things that don't exist, doing projects that just need to be done, and interacting with internal business partners.
Good learning place. Jobs are challenging. Great people to work with.
Their benefits are unmatched! They have amazing benefits and their base pay isn't too bad.
Many many many opportunities for lateral movement to new projects. Lots of interesting work. Smart people. Good pay, benefits. Multiple career tracks. Generous vacation. Free stuff.
Great work place, opportunity for growth if you find a team that fits you and your capabilities. Steep learning curve for people seeking more opportunities
Excellent opportunity to build major software products, and make a big impact. Lots of smart people keep you challenged if you want to improve your technical, product development, and leadership skills. Compensation is quite favorable if you're in the top 40%.
Great Benefits Good People Flexible work hours Good resources/training Great Brand Cool products and technology Pretty Campus Good Corporate Citizen
The work you do is great, has impact and is fulfilling. People at your level are great and collaborative. Upper management is usually available for conversations and listening to you ... read the cons related to this
Benefits Salaries Lots of projects Impacting products Enterprise and consumer industries
benefits are great, if you love Microsoft or Microsoft technologies this is a way to go
Good pay and Good facilities
The benefits are better than at most companies today (but they are changing for the worse)
Salary and benefits at Microsoft are great. There are tons of perks for working at Microsoft that aren't well known outside of the walls. Lots of great people to work with. Occasional project that is really fun. Very challenging place to work and you learn a ton.
Flexible work environment, good pay and benefits, chance to work on big bets such as Windows, Office, Xbox and cloud computing
Benefits such as health insurance are excellent, although they are being slowly whittled away. The Seattle area location is good because the cost of living is lower than California. The company has money to burn, so getting approval for equipment or travel is no problem. Most permanent employees still get private offices, although that's changing and is group dependent.
good health benefits (will change in 2013) job security
- access to cutting edge techology - ability to move in different spaces (OS, productivity, cloud, mobile, search, phone etc.) without leaving the company - impact - perks - laid-back, yet very challenging atmosphere
- Cool innovations with huge impacts on consumers and enterprises - Really smart and generous people - Well-established leadership and training programs - Very good compensation - The company really cares about its people
Opportunity to work on and with some great products. Very capable, high quality people. High professional standards. Great place for someone interested in global business.
Smart People. Able to make a difference in the industry. Always a challenging, problem-rich environment to keep the mind going. Worldwide recognition of Microsoft as a company. Great place to build a resume.
- Stability of company - Working with key technologies - Good external perception as an MS employee - Great medical benefit package - Good other benefit packages
A lot of opportunities for growing and learning, it is the best company for learning You can work on all kinds of new technologies You can make contributions to products are used by millions of users Microsoft is the best company about software testing, best testing practice, best test technologies and testing is appreciated best. A good working & life balance You get decent pay and very good benefits
Good Management, appraisals, benefits, good colleagues
It's a great company to work for. Depending on the team and the role, you can face creative, technical, usability and strategic challenges which is fun. The compensation and benefits package is also one of the best I have seen, regardless of which level you get hired at by the company. There is also a lot of room to explore what you want to work on since MSFT has such a vast porfolio.
Has been very good benefits and now trending to ok benefits. Has been a market leader and now moving to a lesser position. Depending on the organization and location it can be a fantastic company and organization but like all companies it has the full range of ok to good to great opportunities.
The wealth of knowledge. Working with some of the brightest individuals on the planet.
working with Smart people, great culture, ability to grow, lots of opportunities, great benefits. Flexible work schedule - sometimes you can work from home
I'd done a review based on previous team before in which I'd given the company a score of 2. With my new team, that score has gone up to a 4. Based on new team - Pros: -Management that has a vision -Immediate manager who cares and listens -People who are quite easy and fun to work with -Work on projects that have real impact
If you are on right team - it is the best place to work! The management can be fantastic and supportive. They have wonderful tools to work with and technology that helps you support your job.
Great work life balance for working parents
Pay - Okay Benefits - great but changing in 2012. Great technical minds
Strong benefits and job stability
1. Benefits are good this year 2. Flexibility with work schedule
Pay and benefits were really good, however that will be going away. Diversity is a plus. Training and education terrific.
People, products, technology, benefits, reputation
Flexible scheduling for work-life balance Work on advanced technical projectrs for millions of customers VERY smart, dedicated co-workers Great health plan
- Work on latest technologies - Flexible work hours - Lots of smart people to learn from - Opportunity to grow self and career - Opportunity to work on variety of exciting products by transferring teams rather than transferring companies
Excellent compensation. Strong intellectual environment. Excellent people to work with. Excellent facilities and benefits. Strong sense of pride for working at Microsoft.
stability and respect for employees
great health benefits and 401K package
I learned so much during my time at Microsoft. Not just about the world of software, partners, and IT but also about business, politics, budgeting, performance and the importance of relationships. It was an incredible place to learn! For over-achievers and "Type As", it's a very comfortable fit.
Diverse products, great benefits, continual training. Working at Microsoft validates your professional experience and validates your value for future jobs.
Awesome opportunities, great support, provides for fast-track and not-so-fast-track career advancement... depending on what you're looking for
GOOD chance to learn technical stuff but some of them may not be universal standard outside
Good benefit,work life balance,a lot of opportunity, no personal tax, beautiful summer,I am enjoying to work here.
The benefits package is excellent. Depending on your lead, your working conditions can be quite flexible. No state income tax if you work on main campus.
To be part of one of the most powerful global companies.
Good benefits and perks. Generally good, smart driven people to work with.
To be part of one of the most powerful global companies.
Technical challenge Healthy work environment Benefits Compensation Greate commute options
Big company, Lots of things to learn, Easy to move around groups, Decent Pay, Good work life balance, Lots of smart people
Great work life balance, great benefits.
Great benefits. Access to the Pro Club and dining options are all great. And if you commute from Seattle they even have their own buses. By and large, great people you will work with.
There are lots of great products and good oppurtunity to work on great technologies, great people. Good Salary & Benefits.
Great benefits Good people Opportunity for growth
+ Very good pay + Nice benefits + Good opportunities to work in different areas
The people, benefits, the challenge, career options after Microsoft.
Interesting projects Lots of different opportunities and teams Good benefits Supportive management
It pays well and the benefits are top notch. If you look hard enough, there are still numerous well-funded, innovative teams. You can find diverse opportunities without leaving the company.
Stable company with lots of oppertunities. Head quarters has many groups and it's easier to find oppertunities to move around than remote offices.
First access to most software that MSFT puts on the market. Free training to prep for MS certification tests (at least, in theory). Free MSDN and Technet subscriptions as an employee (if someone tells you about it, and you can figure out how to get to the right people to get access).
Enterprise level tools with very creative people from everywhere in the world.
People you work with, challenging work, never the same day twice, benefits are exceptional, pay is very good and you can build a strong career at Microsoft.
One of the best benefit packages out there. Opportunity is endless with maybe avenues to take. There is work/life balance depending on department
They pay well and have pretty great benefits. Schedules are pretty lax depending on management. Things are very structured and relatively organized.
- Decent benefits - Decent pay  Depending on group: - Good work/life balance - Some intelligent people - Flexible work schedule - Some management recognize talent (can't say all because some of them play favorites)
Stable company with good benefits and some interesting things to work on.
It is good place to be in terms of meeting a loo of smart people and alos a lot of people killing other initiatives. Too many politics
Cool project and smart people.
Most of the people you get to work with can be great, the technology, the benefits, great paid time off. Bonuses can be good. Did I mention the benefits?
Lots of smart people Not hard to change groups, try new areas Great benefits, generous vacation allowance Company is financially healthy
If you have a large family the benfits are fantastic, especially medical, dental, vision, etc. A lot of very smart people, most are open, friendly and helpful. You are given very specific goals and a lot of lattitude on how you go about achieving them.
Name recognition world wide Research folks are class act
Leader in enterprise software Great training Competitive benefits
Microsoft benefits are incredible! The work environment is good. Most of the people are reasonable and smart. You get lots of opportunity to learn new technologies (albeit all of them are MSFT).
training couse was great. but some of them is not as good as it should be now.
Great workplace, great people to interact with
Great workplace, great people to interact with
Pays well, and with the right mindset you can work 35 hours a week at $100k+ for as long as you care to.
Smart people, great benefits, interesting tech, nice campus with reasonably priced food. If you're in the right group, it can be a very fulfilling job.
I very rarely come across people I can't work with at Microsoft. Clearly, the hiring process is fairly thorough. I'm surrounded not only by highly intelligent people I can constantly learn from, but also by those with strong interpersonal skills as well.  The educational opportunities alone are an amazing benefit just asking to be taken advantage of. Classes, books, journals, and mentorships with anyone in any org are just waiting for you to find them.  Having just graduated, I'm used to getting in to campus at 8am and getting kicked out at 2am by the janitor. Here, I get griped at for even thinking of staying beyond 7pm. Everyone senior to me always has my back and is willing to give a hand in learning about Microsoft culture, growing as a programmer, general life skills, and how not to kill yourself.
good benefits good work life balance if you choose to have one
benefits are very good. a well known company
Great opportunities Learn how to build and ship software Learn from excellent people Great on resume Empowered at the individual contributor level
Great, competitive peers. Great benefits. Great work-life balance. Challenging work assignments. Nice work environment. Decent training available. Beautiful part of the world.
They provide good benefits and a good compensation but at what price...?
Very friendly and talented folks, my manager was very resourceful and did not just give me a project that was swept under the rug.
Awesome benefits, good pay, great perks, nice offices. Potential to work on things that millions/billions of people use.
Its like many companies within a company so you can try different roles/disciplines. Great benefits and decent salary. If you have the right manager, you can have a great work-life balance.
Outstanding benefits, easy to maintain employment if you want to collect paycheck for next 10 years.
If you have a good idea, you can make it happen. I worked multiple layers below Steve Ballmer, but I had an idea on how to improve something worldwide. It required shifting resources within the company, so a pretty big sea-change. My manager supported my idea and helped me build my case. Eventually, I found myself in a room with about 20 other people, presenting my idea directly to Steve Ballmer, with my manager by my side but me doing most of the talking and convincing. Steve asked very smart questions and pushed back to test our thinking, but eventually supported the proposal, which ended up having a pretty significant positive effect on Field teams around the world. I have worked at Microsoft for a number of years, in a variety of roles, and I have been very impressed with the way the company works to create the right balance in corporate culture. Yes, it's a big company, so there is some process to make sure things are well-coordinated. But if you have a good idea and know how to communicate and share your idea, you can make incredible things happen.
- Lots of opportunity to move around in the company - Lots of new technology to play with - Fast-paced environment/lots of resources to learn from. - Great health insurance - Decent pay
* Still a world leader in software, and is in tons of businesses and geographies, so there are plenty of career options long-term * Dress code is casual, and company culture is laid back and forward-thinking - lots of opportunity to try new methods and ideas * Pays well and has both a performance bonus and stock award based on performance * Health benefits are second to none, and the company provides a ton of little extras that make life beter (gym membership, free beverages, flexible work arrangements, amazing company events and morale events, etc) * Management very supportive of personal and professional development * Amazingly diverse and bright group of co-workers - in my workgroup of ~40 people, I have co-workers from Japan, China, India, Singapore, Australia, Turkey, Zimbabwe, South Africa, Brazil, Argentina, Poland, Netherlands, France, and Canada - I get to travel around the world without leaving my office * Very generous corporate culture - company sponsors a massive Giving campaign and strongly encourages its employees to give back to the community in various ways
Impact of the work we do - technology has the power to change the world for the better, and there's opportunity to get good ideas heard.
Diversified product lines which allow employees to explorer different part of the company.
Work with a lot of smart people
Good benefits (until 2012) Smart engineers Name recognition
The only pro remaining to Microsoft as an employer are the benefits. However, those are being eroded over the next two years thanks to the punishing taxes on cadillac health plans by the ObamaCare legislation. Rather than paying the tax Microsoft is diminishing coverages.
long learning curve, job security is good as they won't let you go without any sign. People are told to be polite, so manner of co-worker/managers are very comfortable.
work life balance is some groups
Impact on products is huge - if you work on feature in Windows, Office, Bing, etc. millions of people will use it. There are some seriously smart people working on these things to boot.
work/life balance good, flexible time
Microsoft has huge impact on the industry and lots of opportunites in vaious areas.
New Base Salaries around 100k New SDET focus on coding opportunity to write our own tools Finally, a team that pushes for work/life/balance New manager is awesome and further shows the within Microsoft you can have great and horrible experiences pending who you report to Some of the top engineers in the world work here
good salary,name ,and enviroment usher ones growth
Excellent benefits and pay. Bonus and stock. Discounted software and other group discounts.
Some of the greatest minds in the world to work with and learn from
Great health benefits (about to be less great), short commute, flexible work week, OK vacation.
Chance to build stuff used by millions of people around the world. Very profitable company. Very little downside in the stock price. One of a very few companies that has opportunities across a wide range "geek cred" projects (e.g., compilers, kernels, VMs, database systems, dev tools, machine learning, games,...).  Pay is very competive, particularly after you've been there 5+ years in a high (sr or principal band), and you have 5 years of stock grants vesting every year.
Microsoft is a great place to work in terms of building your resume, getting a good salary, and incredible benefits. The benefits are unmatched in the industry but that is changing soon. It is definitely a good place to start out but don't stay too long.
- smart people - great benefits - AWESOME global teamwork experience - Leading edge research and development teams and great technical exposure
- Smart people, relaxed work environment, decent compensation, good benefits - Decent opportunities for growth - interesting projects
Smart people, great benefits, nice physical working environment.
great international company to work for
I've worked for multiple Fortune 500 companys over the past 15 years, and Microsoft has some of the smartest and most hardworking individuals that I have ever met. I am challenged by my work every day, and take pride in how I have contributed to Microsoft. The point is, I'm given the opportunity ny Microsoft to do my best and work on products and services that impact millions fo people around the world. The benefits are great (until the Health laws change, at least), and the salary is now very competitive with other tech companies.
stable company with a lot of talented people
smart people, change the world, interesting problems
Good culture, diversity and uber smart people. Constant challenge in positions and environment, kept things from being dull and boring. Innovative ideas are used, but not always credited to you. The expectations are high, but the client contact, if you are allowed access can have it's own rewards in the knowledge exchanged and mentorship.
There are still ton of great people and great techical experts and some promising product. Work load is reasonable and work time is very flexible
Great benefits and salary Solid products and reputation
Amazing benefits Very flexible with work timings
technology, innovations, integrations, agility, strategy, engineering challenges, rewards, recognition, benefits and perks
- Many ICs are very technical and good to work with - Can learn immensely on the job about good software development
Total compensation package and health insurance (although this will change in 2 years) Nice facilities
1. Good Benefits 2. Your own office 3. It might look good on your resume. 4. You can make awesome international friends right here in the US!
Microsoft has one of the best benefits around and if you're in the right group, this could be one of the best places to work.
Great benefits, fast pace, decisions made quickly, easy to garner attention of inlfuencers. Very smart people.
Working on the right initiative or product that is strategic for management is rewarding and inspiring. Aligning with the sponsors and decision makers can help one live a good life inside and outside work!
People you work with are very smart and work life balance is good
Awesome benefits, great work life balance, amazing focus on employee development
I like working with smart people. Regardless of Microsoft's reputation to the outside world, there are really smart people working here. I feel challenged almost every day I come to work in trying to solve real problems to deliver a product. My work has a direct impact on millions of users and that is very satisfying.  The benefits are great with 100% healthcare for now. A hint was made that these benefits will change in 2013 and that will cause me to look at the overall package again.
Get to work mostly on what I want, Microsoft paid for all my tuition for my computer science degree, satisfied with promotion rate, get to work with really smart people
A lot of the work is driven by individual performance within a team environment and the pay is good. The work is challenging and you feel that you're working toward something meaningful.
Health Care is free currently, but changing in the next 1-2 years
Scope and impact of the work you do. Being able to drive projects that touch millions of people worldwide is a unique experience.
Still a great leader that creates great products
Brand, perks, cheap software discount
Some good people, practically every field of software has some team or the other working on it so you'll definitely find a fit for your interests
new technology to work on and brand name
Focus on engineering & innovation
Lots of talented people to work with Good work-life balance pay for tution reimbursement unlimited investment choices for the 401k plan
Great work life balance. Access to smart people and cutting edge technology
Microsoft has products in many different areas - operating systems, database systems, messaging products, telephony, online games, etc. One of the best reasons to work at Microsoft is the diversity of products and the opportunity to work with some very talented people.
Compensation package, awareness, people and culture
There is a lot of different things to do here. If you're bored of one area, you'll be able to easily find very different software related work within the company.
-Health and medical benefits are superior -Smart folks and a few good managers -One of the best campuses in the industry -Discounted Microsoft software for employees -Many employees have private offices (not cubicles)
1. Amazing engineers 2. Amazing technology, tools and resources 3. Amazing sets of products and technologies to work on. 4. Good pay.
A lot of internal innovation taking place, not well understood on the outside Internal opportunities Benefits beyond salary
Stable, as expected when working for such a company. Mostly fair. Haven't felt any unfairness. Free. Mostly you have control on what you are doing.
Lots of smart co-workers, most management is decent.
Work life balance Lot of different exposure to teams Smart people
good pay, good benefits, lot's of opportunity, job security, intelligent co-workers and lot's of interesting products to work on
Global opportunities to make an impact. Work with some very smart people, learn a lot, many different ways to go with your career.
Microsoft offers a great benefits package and an overall stable environment in which to work in. Most people do not realize how "protected" they are compared to a lot of other places.  Great to see how products are truly "coming together" rather than seeming like they have been developed by different divisions.
Great benefits and some dedicated people.
The health benefits are extremely good. Individual coworkers on the "front lines" are often highly professional, personable and knowledgeable. Any team that has direct customer contact, or is primarily staffed by fulltime coworkers in Redmond, tends to have good morale and goals.
Benefits are top notch. Work life ballance is emphasized. Casual environment. Great place for a tech enthusiest. Interest in career growth is a requirement.
- Opportunities to work on World Wide projects - Ability to develop new solutions - great benefits - good training for internal
Awesome perks, 100% coverd medical/dental. Dont pay a single dollar for even prescription. Work life balance, growth potential, impact, satisfaction and what not
Amazing products, Excellent Benefits, fantastic opportunities for personal and professional growth. Microsot also provides a fair work environment where hard work is rewarded.
Smart people, great benefits, great location of the main campus, unlimited potential to work on impactful products.
Good benefits, good atmosphere and campus, good infrastructure, A status symbol working at Microsoft,, Can talk to senior management without any restriction, you get your own private office
- Lots of smart people - Diverse backgrounds - Oppty to change roles and move into new areas - Good benefits - Work life balance is important, at least on paper
Great benefits, flexible hours at times
World class company means world class amenities and employee support. The company goes to great lengths to ensure employees are happy and pampered. The campus I'm on has a soccer field, a dozen restaurants, a bank, post office, ski and bike shop, cell phone stores, hair salon, art gallery, and live jazz quartet playing at lunch time.
* Great company, history and legacy * Great benefits * Great attitude toward personal issues
It's obviously an established and well-rounded company with plenty of smart people to work with and learn from. The company focuses very hard on career development and tries to help you maximize your productivity. A lot of people complain about one thing or another, but the bottom line is that they take good care of you in numerous ways.
Ultimately, good smart people come through the selection process so you will learn from some of the best and the brightest. Microsoft is a social environment, has a fantastic campus, and I enjoyed working and playing at the Commons facility and getting to meet lots of diverse people there. Also found Microsoft much more supportive of flex schedules and working remote than most companies, even their tech-petitors like Amazon who prefer you come to work, with a dog.
Great employee perks Access to education, learning, training Smart people Generally pleasant environment
work life balance Benefits Consistency and predictability
process, performance review, mature, relationship
World class benefits, pretty impressive perks, interesting problems
Unmatched opportunity married with solid corporate fundamentals.
People are very smart, you get systems, resources a good workplace, benefits and all the equipment and support you need to do a good job.
Microsoft covers the whole world and allows you to interact with all sorts of industries.
People Resume Some of the best perks Technology Compensation
Many opportunities to learn and benefits
Work-life balance Insurance Easy to move laterally Flex work hours Commute options Ability to work on different domains (bing, windows, phone, azure, servers, xbox)
Interesting projects, smart people, many technologies
Love the people I work with, and the benefits are great. The company is great at supporting remote work when that is possible. Some very exciting products and a wide range of opportunities, especially if you do not mind 100% travel.
Own Office Good benefits: Medicare for family, paid parental leave, etc.. Smart people to work with Recent pay raise Flexible working hours
Some genuinely interesting technology, and most ICs I work with want to make the best product they can. Great benefits package, pay is average.
Great place to work. Lots of diverse culture within the company. Provides several opportunities for training and career growth in the company.
Pay is not bad work/life balance is quite good
flexible environment many opportunities to choose from great medical benefits good people
Flexible work schedule and conditions. Wide variety of opportunities. Reasonably transparent performance evaluation and rewards. Benefits package among the best in the industry. Lots of opportunity to contribute to technologies that change the world.
Smart people Great technology Lots of learning resources Many internal job opportunities in HQ
Vast products and various groups to look out for opportunities. Various fields starting from Games, Windows, Office and Online Services too
Good work life balance Good benifit
Great benefits! Microsoft Research is doing some really deep thinking in exciting areas There are still smart people in the product groups (forget about HR, Support, etc)
Great brand recognition, technology, commitment to continual improvement, bottom line focused management, cash to invest in change the world technology, opportunity for advancement, international exposure, and wondeful campus and working environment.
Depends on the groups you are working in, the environment could be very passionate and enthusiastic if you are working for some "core" products. Those DEV leads are very experienced and knowledgeable and keen to answer questions you have. The benefits here are great.
Great environment to work Awesome benefits There are plenty of oppertunities Training and career development support is available Some great people to work with and learn from
Good environment a lot of resources, smart people
Fabulous information infrastructure and a culture of sharing it. Plenty of businesses for lateral movement. Structured management development process and tools.
Smart people Challenging problems Lots of opportunities Great work environment. Good benefits Good pay Chances to grow and help grow others
Great benefits, flexibility of schedule, intellectually stimulating environment, good total compensation
Reach of company and the chance to impact the lifes of millions of people with your work. There are so many fantastic people that are working hard to help others and innovate in all fields.
Microsoft for all its negative press is a great place to work. The company wants to do the right thing and make the world a better place. It is nothing like I expected.
Very rarely you get to work on projects and businesses that are truly global in nature. Scale and reach are expertise that you will build quickly. Also, a great place where you can (and are encouraged) to follow your career passions. As such, today, you can work on b2b, tomorrow on b2c or any other of the technologies that Microsoft works in.
Great health benefits, lots of opportunity to learn breath of technologies
- You can move to another team anytime. - Company recognizes excellent performers. - Compensation is great.
Build talent great. Big opportunities.
Casual dress Great health benefits Nice colleagues
Great health benefits and company functions.
Great impact of my work Lot of responsibility Good visibility of my work
Global Impact and opportunity to make a difference
Microsoft is not only one of the most influential and innovative companies in the the IT industry it als has a real commitment to the community. A pleace where ambitious people can work hard and get ahead. Programs like the annual //Give campaign encourages all staff to contribute to the community and Microsoft generously matches all contributions dollar for dollar
work with smart people benefit's good
- Benefits are great - Vast range of businesses that you have choice to work in - Engineering is highly respected
Microsoft has a lot of smart people, and it's a pleasure working alongside them, talking, discussing, and often arguing about technology and direction.  Microsoft likes people with type A personality - those that do not shy away from expressing their opinion, and if you are that person, then you'll enjoy the environment.  Couple that with the fact that you have a wide range of products and technologies to work on, great benefits, flexible schedule, and room to grow and excel, and you've got a great combination.
Great perks, wonderful respectful staff, amazing work environment (campus is huge), not too far from the city, easy commute to work
Highly talented work force. Everyday leanring new things
Benefits are great. For a mid-career person it is like working for the government.
1. talent people 2. great benfits 3. Strong work ethics 4.Industry leader 5. flexibility in moving within company
Benefit package is good, and Seattle is great place to live. I came here by chance but good place for folks who like laid back life.
The benefits are very good
Learning from veterans in the software industry Tough problems Benefits Investments in employee growth
Well recognized in the IT industry, Broad set of products available (from consumer to enterprise space), Pay/Benefits, Remote work.
- great benefits - competitive pay, adjustments coming soon - offices with doors - products are well known and used industry wide
The people and the work
great career opportunities for developers
- more stable than other companies - good talent gets recognized well - impact and variety of products/technology you can work on
Influence to the market, good brand name and great benefit package (for now).
Paycheck. Paycheck. Paycheck. Paycheck. Paycheck.
Great campus, great benefits, varied opportunities
Technology is world class. The breadth across consumer and commericial lines of business cannot be matched. You can help hundreds of millions of people through service or product deisgn. There is no other company in the world that has driven this much innovation in technology.
Treats employees well Lots of smart people Always trying to find ways to build software better
- large and mature, lots of training in place - well-paid and great benefits - very talented people who are motivated - past paced environment
A solid company that's not going away any time soon. A decent compensation package (salary, bonus, stock and benefits). Ability to find other opportunites wihin Microsoft that you are interested in. Ability to completely change your career. The Pacific Northwest is a great place to live and raise a family. Great restaurants, hiking, camping, skiing, scuba diving, boating, you name it, it's here. Plus we have the best seafood around.
Microsoft is a great company with worldwide presence. It operates in a world level and with most advanced management tools. The company has all asset possibly availabe to do what they decide to do.
Though Google, Apple and others are in the news more nowadays, Microsoft is still the number one. The integrity, honesty and inteligence of the people who work there is of the highest caliber. Its a stable, rewarding and innovative company to work for.
- beautiful work space - opportunities to grow professionally - excellent benefits - work with best designers in the industry - passionate atmosphere
In a good organization, this can be a fantastic place to work. There can be encouragement for taking on new challenges, while also protecting employees from overcommitting. There can be exciting projects for exciting target audiences. The recent changes to the review and compensation model seem to be taking things in a far more competitive direction. There are a lot of smart people here, and also a lot of very nice people. In my experiences people are supportive of one another, and not competitive in a negative way.
The free drinks, and maybe the company store. I made a lot of good friends working there and that was ok.
Friendly environment and teams to work with. Management is open to new ideas and let you try your ideas. Seattle is a great city.
Working with a global team of incredibly smart people. Individual passion for product and technology is second to none.
Excellent job options. Excellent work life balance.
They build interesting products, and you learn basics fo product development there. But beyond that the folks are too argumentative and interested in self-promotion.
The customers and 90% of its staff....
Gold-plated health care Decent initial pay Good benefits all-around
Benefits packages and intelligent team members and challenging projects and flexibility in work hours and work life balance and fair performance review (considering such a big corporation)
Microsoft name edgy technology , all perks  flex hours, growth with in par salary tech innovation Brand value passion for technology
The company makes an effort to do right by their employees. Benefits are good. They also have a well-defined review process in place to ensure employees are rewarded based on performance.
Excellent medical insurance. Employee Stock Purchase Program. Flexible time. Great 401k. Free Soda.
Great Technology,people and products. Fun and open enironment to work in.
Very smart software engineers to work with if you are in the right team
It's true that MS continues to hire very smart people, some of the best I've ever worked with. I worked with very strong teams and highly creative people in my organization. Oh, and the benefits are incredible.
top 30% pay in the market health insurance stocks perks training edge of technology knowledge gained
Good benefit Great individual contributors around you Solid process
If you are on the good side of management, it's a great place. Wonderful compensation Best equiptment At the forefront of technology
Finanlically strong and stable. Persistent.
Smart colleagues (in programming disciplines) Excellent benefits Great opportunities/support to change career path (from development to program management, for example) Technical learning opportunities Fast promotions if you perform + are lucky to be in a group that is "in fashion"
You must find opportunities to learn from others and you have the most impact to drive your own career. Nothing comes to you automatically. This is a place where people who take initiative can thrive. People around you are very smart and ambitious. Employees can learn a lot from the right mentor.
Smart people Open culture, need not be very guarded Cool projects
work life balance is good comparing to other companies
Even if you're a Google/Apple fan, there are some things you simply can't know until you've worked with ubiquitous technology/products like Windows, Office, or Xbox. The complexity is incredible, and just being there raises your game.
some of the main reasons I have for working at Microsoft is challenges, and diversity of areas that you can participate in.  The most interesting part of MS experience is being able to learn and simulate real business scenarios while remaining in a single company.
At Microsoft you will receive the best benefits package around. You get to work with some of the smartest people on the planet. As long as you get your job done, your schedule is exactly what you make of it. Be sure to be open to critical feedback.
Health Benefit. Huge opportunity to grow. Learning experience. Challenges at work. Aggressive colleagues. Supportive management. Flexible somehow for work life balance.
I came in as a MACH College hire, and I am getting great experence learning from other.
Love to come to work every single day.. Despite the hate (which always exist for Microsoft), I love Microsoft and working for it. I still think its THE BEST company to work for.
decent pay, decent benefits, very flexible in working hours
benefits, salary on time, pay is okay, seattle is a great place to live
The medical benefits are great and the care package as well! But even that is changing.
Very flexible, informal environment where it's about results vs face time
Fantastic benefits Great life/work balance Great people
Microsoft is a very different place these days. Far from the vilified, all consuming behemoth at war with everyone from Corel to Novel to the DoJ it's a much humbler creature, but it's collected some very smart people who've got a huge range of experience of every phase of that journey. If you want an environment where you are working with some of the smartest people in the industry Microsoft is still a good place to head
Surrounded by lots of diverse technology
Benefits, self service resources, library, employee discounts for company products, good learning opportunities
Benefits are the best in the industry
The braintrust at MS is still impressive. I often feel myself challenged by group conversations. Everyone is expected to perform at 100% all the time.
1. good benefit 2. good resource 3. not bad compensation 4. good review and recognition to employee 5. challenging 6. nice offices...:)
Some products are used by literally everbody in the whole world (Windows, Office, and to a lesser extent Visual Studio). Excellent benefits package, competent middle management, at least in Office. Very professional and diverse environment.
Challenging atmosphere and Excellent benefits
1. Good benefit (it's being cut) 2. Single Office 3. Challenging 4. Training
Great medical benefits Great work life balance and decent pay Fun place to work Most of the teams have some really smart Engineers
Great benefits compared to almost anywhere else.
Benefits, salary, good people, good opportunities do exist around the company. New technologies are constantly developed and there is definitely lots of interesting places to look.
The medical benefits are unmatched. Zero co-pay and up to $15,000 of fertility treatment. However, this is all going to change next year.
Good benefits package. Work with lots of very smart people, on software at scale. Great internal training programs. Casual environment.
High end of technology very diverse businesses hence opportunity to movelaterally and vertically smart people
Awesome work-life balance. Great flexibility as long as you are getting the job done.
People are smart, benefits are just amazing, the spaces that Microsoft plays in are challenging and have plenty of problems that are enjoyable to tackle.
Good package Many opportunities to develop Career path is clear for every position Work life balance Diversity and people is company asset
-- People The company has grown a lot in 20 years from < 10k people in size to the a combined count of full time, contract, vendor, etc. totaling almost 100k people in size. As a result the "bar" for working there has certainly changed over time - but let me tell you Microsoft still has a lot of smart people working there. The challenge is finding the right place for yourself where you 'click' with your peers and more important your management and feel it is the right place for you.  -- Types of opportunities Microsoft offers a little bit of something for anyone interested in computer science, consumer project management, marketing, etc. Computer Science problems galore from operating system kernels (windows, windows phone, xbox, windows embedded), games (xbox, pc games, mobile games), search engines (bing.com, FAST), productivity software (office, sharepoint), compilers (CLR, CLR for mobile, Visual Studio), etc. etc. with something to offer for just about anyone.  Outside of tech specific jobs, Microsoft has a huge legal department, hr department, etc. Keep in mind that even though each of those departments has a core set of employees as much as possible that is not business essential is farmed out to vendors and contractors as well - which can be a totally different spin on "working for" Microsoft.  --- Getting things done: You can find an expert in just about anything. Finding others that share a passion for a specific type of technology, a specific type of business problem, or a particular area of research is usually very easy. Especially if you are not afraid of asking people for a push in the right direction in email over and over until you find someone that is right to tackle a problem you're focused on. But it requires the soft skills of working in the BIG (and I mean BIG) company that Microsoft has now become. But this can lead you to the pm/dev/tester/architect that owns that problem set and is more than willing to bring you up to speed on the focus of their passion. Huge plus!
Well hard work and listen to details makes success here. Manager normally is most motivating or de-motivaing source. Good luck.
Smart people, good opportunities, consumer underdog leading to high impact roles. Ability to affect the lives of many millions of consumers, developers and businesses.
great culture smart people creative
Growth opportunities Aggressive and growing company Challenging work environment Something for everyone - if you seek challenges, you would get them here, if you seek a WLB, you'd get that too!!!
Smart & very intelligent people
The best part of working at Microsoft is the general caliber of people that you work with. The level of commitment and passion for achieving results is amazing. This is a place that you should expect to work very hard, but if it is your passion, you'll achieve much and be rewarded.
Large variety of products so you can work in any field you want. Microsoft compete in all software markests Great Benefits, health care, paternity and maternity leaves. Well defined career development milestones
great benefits, training classes, access to resources
Treat us as if we are adults. We own our success, or failure, at Microsoft.
Intelligent people, great work environment. Good people get recognized and promoted. You get to build software used by millions of people
pay not too bad, benifits is good, i can see that i have clear carrer path and ceiling both. thx
Smart and friendly people, Opportunity to make a big impact in technology world, Very competitive salary and awesome health benefits.
The benefits, salary, and advancement opportunities are great. Employees are financially sound and can move around to experience various jobs.
1. Work with very smart and motivated people. 2. Lots of opportunities to make an impact and move around to work on different products. 3. Good pay and benefits.
The company values its employees. Good benefits package, but will change soon.
If you are an newly graduated international student that desperately needs the first job and green card, this might be a good place to start with.
There's lots of variety in the job on a regular basis. There's plenty of opportunity to get your hands on the latest technology and work with customers to evaluate.
Exciting to be immersed in cutting edge technology!
Lots of projects in so many different areas, so one can switch teams if one gets bored. Laid back atmosphere. Lots of very smart people.
Brand, Overall package, great people, fun environment
1. a famous company which might highlight your working experience in your resume 2. employee has his/her own office ( might be an office with no windows) 3. its own library with books 4. many talent colleagues you could learn from
solid company that can afford to do what it needs to do. no cutting corners on supporting employees.
1. if you want a single office and tons of free time at work 2. if you don't care about career growth and just want to relax. 3. if you can close your eyes from the dirty politics inside company.
Some very smart people on my team among ICs Long hours form bonds Flexible time schedule Free coffee, soda, sometimes food
Free Health Care (for now) Free Drinks in office It's cool to tell (most) people you work for Microsoft.
Its always feel gool to work for the best when I joined in 90's
Get the chance to be part of building some of the most successful commercial software products on the planet. Meet people from different cultures who all are able to eventually converge on an endgame. Learn to never give up. Microsoft still has the DNA of a challenger that keeps on coming at it until it gets the big prize.
Openness, Great people, Great benefits (Medical & Stock), Solid Performance reviewing system, Innovation - Kinect and Kinect for the PC show that.
The benefits at Microsoft were good.
* Paychecks are never late/checks never bounce * Good health insurance, but not after 2012...
free drinks and coffe are great.
You are given the freedom to succeed or fail on your own. Mid level management is usually very lax and supportive of new ideas. The problems are diverse and challenging. The salary is good for the area and the benefits are great (for now).
Work on some of widely used software. Large company. OK benefits.
Building technology that millions of people use on daily basis
pay health care benefits job content variety
* Lots of opportunities to move around
Not show up to work on the sunny day, work at home, and frequent Friday off.
Great benefits package, great internal network of technology sharing, a welcoming and mellow work environment that is suitable for folks with families and slow paced lifestyles.
Salary and bonuses were very good. Fairly well defined path for career development and advancement. Some very smart people.
Note that there are differences across Microsoft so this is generalization from various team I've worked in.  Work: Most have a fair work/life balance and will allow you to work 1 day a week at home. I know there are some teams where you'd occasionally work long hours periodically but it varies. You do learn a lot on the job quickly and there are a lot of resources to gain more knowledge (free library, training, brownbags, discussion groups). Nice thing is that within Microsoft you can always interview for another position within the company and that may give you a different experience.  Benefits: Health insurance is still one of the best with almost no co-pay to speak off although 2013 this will change with a big deductible. Other benefits: free shuttles to work from several locations, discounts at company store, free prime card, ... Vacation starts at 2 or 3 weeks (they keep changing it but I think it's now 2). After 5 years it's 4 weeks and after 12 years it's 5 weeks. They also give you 2 floating holidays (+8 regular holidays).  Stock grants are ok wouldn't it be that the stock didn't increase over last 10 years and Microsoft doesn't adjust for that. But that is probably true for many companies these days.  Note over the years benefits have gradually decreased and may continue with health insurance in 2013. Microsoft used to give 15% discount on ESPP and take lowest price of start and end date. Now it's 10% and only last day price. Company store discounts also have decreased gradually and morale events budgets are just a fraction what they used to be.
Pay and benefits are above average Plenty of intelligent people to work with Good working environment - ergonomically Employee store is valuable
Compensationk, Benefits, Job growth & opportunities, Flexible work schedule, Perks
Surrounded by some of the brightest, most creative co-workers in the world. Recognized nationally so even if you were fired from Microsoft, you are probably qualified almost anywhere else. Amazing benefits, casual dress.
- amazing benefits  - amazing people - interesting work - flexible hours - some business groups better than others - great diversity in it's employee population
Provides a great amount of flexability and a place where you can impact the world.
- Versatile company with lots of products - Takes good care of employees with good benefits - Good opportunities for career growth in test engineering - Very smart people
The ability to participate in Global busineseses, the ability to learn best practices, and being able to work with smart people.
Complete ownership of your product/feature area. Very independent work environment. Competitive salary and great benefits. Very decent work life balance.
Overall I think that MS is good to their employees. They treat us well, work is very flexible, and you aren't expected to work crazy hours. There are tons of opportunities for training and the environment is friendly.
- Main product teams (Windows/Office/SQL Server) have incredibility smart people - Excellent benefits - Great campus - Flexible hours
Smart people who have passion for technology and consumers Great benefits Working on exciting products Good career advancement opportunities (including training opportunities) Good work/life balance Sound engineering practices/processes
Great management, very flexible, good organization. The program is a great idea to make students aware of all the tech that Microsoft offers.
Diverse opportunities and technologies, depth of management and technical talent.
Awesome place to work at!
* Work Life Balance is a keystone for management to base decisions on (family comes first) * Able to work from home when needed * Company paid bus service (private bus service avaialble to full time employees to get you into work) * Relocation package is (when I was hired) gold star: full pack and move without having to pay a dime. * Engineering process is truly an all hands exercise driven by everybody on the team who has feedback.
If you are beginning your career, there are few other companies that can teach you how to build world class software. (across consumer or enterprise, retail versus online services). There's such a wealth of knowledge in this company, you will grow your career experience very quickly that will be hard for others to match. (access to MSR, industry architects, strategic thinkers)  The benefits and salary are very competitive - get several good reviews at the more senior/principle bands and you'll love the stock program.  The campus culture in Redmond is still very cool (although there once were random arcade machines between buildings) - beats any major city corporate culture on any day.
Treated me very well as an intern - on-board process was very efficient. Great lawyers! If you are part of a great team (like XBOX, Office, or Bing) then your career is in good hands.
-Great work/life balance -Great peers who are both intellectual and outgoing -Excellent benefits, like free soft drinks, healthcare, and gym membership -Very chill, relaxed culture, you'll find a lot of teams playing ping pong or Kinect during downtime -You are given a great deal of independence and trust over your work, no one is looking over your shoulder.
Microsoft has great benefits, challenging work, intelligent people, great products and co-workers generally have a cooperative and supportive attitude within the legal department.
large scale software design and development process, cross team/division coordinations, still have many experienced and well disciplined developers, open communications on tons of technical/social forums etc...
Fast paced with lots of smart people. Many of those people are aware of the company's shortcomings and can identify the things which need to change for the company to again be on the top of its game.
Good resume builder (for now)
The name brand recognition of working at Microsoft.
lots of resources to advance both in technology and personality development , not necessarily these will translate to career growth.
Decent pay, cool stuff to work on. Easy to change jobs/positions but stay with the same company.
Flexible hours and good work balance
Good Pay, Good Benefits, good people, good food
Great benefits, high salaries for the area, flexibility to work remotely as needed
Everyone needs to work at Microsoft once in thier career.
Benefits are great, particularly health care ( makes me feel like a French citizen). Great infrastructure.
Great opportunities for meaningful impact Great opportunities for taking initiatives and driving change Diversity of products to work on is exciting
Benefits, smart people, some teams are enlighted
Great benefits, stable employment, opportunities to move around within the company
Secure job, good benefits, lot of opportunities to try different things inside the company
Benefits is still good although that ends next yr
There are lots of opportunities to move around and to work on different problems. Pretty much any langugage and tech area as well.
good benefits and average pay - you get what you work
-Work Culture is amazing here -Personal growth can be achieved -Benefits are very good and comparable -Challenging experience for someone to grow in career
Health plan, however, that will be downgraded in 2012.
The challenges are huge - working at amazing scale and the company name is still respected. Beautiful campus, phenomenal resources and people. Still the best benefits in the industry. IEB and the few groups still empowering people to be creative are great places to work.
Microsoft is good company. there produce qulity products so this good to work here
The latest technologies exist there, so it is a good place for the curious and intelligent.
Pretty competitive compensation, benefits are ok
Great name on resume Benefits (though this changed in nov and employees now have to pay more for healthcare) Training opportunities (if your manager approves and is willing to pay for it from his budget)
1. Low cost of living 2. Big name company 3. Close to the newest tech trend 4. Well defined career path
Decisions based on politics and spreadsheet management
Good benefits such as medical insurance, vacation, sick leave. Decent compensation. Flexible working hours. Have your own office which allows more privacy to employees.
Diversity and Benefits are great
Incredible benefits, smart people, collaborative environment, strong support, committed leadership. Microsoft was the best place I have worked so far in terms of personal learning and opportunity
- You get to work on high-impact products - Competitive salary - Lots of opportunities for career growth - Great benefits
smart people, software that literly used by the entire world, big problems, lots of challenges
smart people, software that literly used by the entire world, big problems, lots of challenges
Health care benefits are the best I've every seen (save perhaps Google). Good salary, but not worth the pressure. Some opportunities for growth, but highly variable.
Benefits! They are unparalleled. Very grateful for them. Flexibility. No time clocks, no dress code, no micromanagement. Employees are trusted. I can make a dentist appoiintment in the middle of the day, go get coffee, etc w/o having to ask permission. informal atmosphere Pay is phenomenal Maternity leave is 12 weeks with the option to add another 8 unpaid. outstanding! paternity leave 4 weeks, can use within 12 months
smart co-workers, passionate about technology,
Variety of opportunities Cross team experience
Great benefits, work with very bright and talented people. Salary is reasonable. You get to collaborate with some of the sharpest engineering minds and learn how big complex application software product ship. There are a lot of opportunities for lateral moves, so you can always find a project to yoru liking.
Great Benefits across the board Great people at the delivery level Lots of training/learning opportunities Multiple product lines give variety of opportunities
autonomy, no micromanaging, you're able to manage your own time
Microsoft offers competitive pay and top class benefits package. The environment is overall pleasant and hours are generally flexible. There's relatively good space to move around between teams within Microsoft.
Good Salary Great Benefits Cutting Edge Work
- Lot of opportunities to learn from tons of great people across the company - You can choose what area you want to work on since the company works in every field in the software industry - Hard work gets recognized - You'll get extrmely good in execution after working in this company
Best co-workers I've ever had Mature processes for delivering software Very open environment--everyone talks, shares, etc. Canadian-class benefits Great work/life balance Very flexible schedule, just get your work done. A large company with a million things to do, can work here forever on many different teams Moving across various teams is encouraged, even expected
Great breadth as well as depth of problems you can pursue. You can choose to work on something very fundamental in the area or on the other hand actually do something which can be tech-transferred to the product groups and would in fact impact future product releases. Great opportunities to make an impact.
It is great to work amongst a huge set of talented People Microsoft as a company has great products that you can work on Challenging Work
Highly intelligent, skilled & motivated colleagues (high concentration of Trekkers) Exceptional experience in software product developement & marketing Amazing company culture
Shipping software that is used by over 300 million people around the world is no mean feat and if put on the right projects you have a lot of things to boast about. Great place to learn the technical nitty gritty. Opportunity to work with, learn from and compete with some of the best minds in the industry.
Great benefits and access to resources do do one's job. There are a lot of very smart people in the company.
Innovation is rewarded and encouraged at Microsoft. My management team is very supportive and this truely a good place to work.
Great people Awesome technologies Ability to make a big difference Great benefits
Prestige of working at Microsoft, amazing benefits
Working with great technology and exposure to worldwide scaled business model. The opportunity to engage with partners and customers to impact how they leverage our software.
They're established, some still see it as a good thing to have on your resume. Customers will answer your calls, though they arent often happy with your products.
Benefits were great, though changing Flexibility to work from home or any location Colleagues - People in your peer group are fun Location - Redmond / Seattle is a great city Pay is sufficient
Awesome benefits, great work/life balance. The company is making a ton of cash despite lack of innovative products.
Microsoft is an excellent company to work for, learn and develop a career in the IT industry.
Great benefits Able to own our business Flexible work hours Work from home opportunities Access to cutting edge technology
If you work in services (Bing, Ads, MSN, etc...) then the place is pretty dynamic.  The benefits are fantastic, and in comparison to Bay Area jobs the pay and even equity is pretty good if you are a decent performer.
Collective intelligent group of colleagues, great benefits, relaxed work environment, very diverse, hire the best, opportunity to innovate, create and pilot new practices and ideas.
The benefits and pay are very good
Fantastic Health Care Coverage- no other company compares
Company definitely has competivie pay, definitely for this region.
- High bar for hiring, so quality of engineering I worked with was excellent - Good benefits, especially health and generous matching for charitable giving/volunteer time. If you have a family, can't do much better than this anywhere - Moving internally is easy, so it's possible to work on varied products, ( from the OS to databases to online services to phones) which can be exciting for an engineer
good company rep, and competent people
Possibly the most structured internship on the planet. Summer camp for college students
Very talented people. Pockets of passionate engineers. When it's good, it's very good.
Excellent Benefits - Healthcare support is excellent, I have gotten so many expensive procedures and tests done from the best doctors and not had to pay a single penny. Also great for families for this very reason **Although most benefits will erode by 2013  Broad portfolio of products - If you get bored of working on office products, you can work on xbox or search (bing) or developer tools (visual studio). Microsoft makes everything!  Good support staff and facilities - Shuttle bus services, prime card discounts etc. etc.  Good Innovative work in VERY SELECT groups. Just pray you get into one of them and never get re-orged out.
1) great flexibiltiy 2) work/life balance is superb. 3) single office for almost every one. 4) access to almost all source codes
talent, upbeat, and innovative folks
Good opportunities for career growth, good rewards and praise for the excellent job done and good benefits
The new Studio campus is cool and has great food. Store discounts.
Excellent benefits Great resources Still good people
Great benefits, competitive, lots of diversity in potential positions available within the company. Microsoft has so many different paths to choose for discipline that it makes it a great place to work.
Very family-oriented environment. Lots of training and mentoring programs available. Competitive salaries. Best health insurance in the industry.
Great teams, and I personally had a great manager!
It is after all Microsoft. They only steal from the very best!. They are not necessarily the most innovative company (Unless you are talking about the X-Box side of things!), but they are the best marketing engine around. Benefits for FTE's are excellent
Many opportunities across teams. Lots of flexibility. Advantages of working for a big company. Get to work with many talented people.
Global Reach across industries and technologies
Good benefits. Stable job. Lots of teams and opportunities to work on different technologies. Great developers. Respected by other people.
As one of the worlds largest software companies, you feel that what you are doing there is making a difference. The work is challenging and interesting and the rest of the staff is made out of very bright people willing to help you.  It also has a very fun and laid back environment, the free drinks are awesome though they may make you gain some weight if you abuse them.
benefits especially health benefits. pro club
The health insurance and other benefits are one of the best among the industry. The company provides good work environment.
Lots of internal mailing lists to ask questions on / keep up on technology / interests  Great health benefits  Decent work/life balance recognition and managers accepting push back if you feel it has gotten out of whack  Broad reach as some products are used by hundreds of millions of people  Some very smart people, the ones that aren't jerks can also be very helpful / good to learn from
Cool products - everyone knows of Microsoft! Innovation - new products and services are constantantly being released to consumers and enterprises.
Great work/life balance, excellent benefits. Great place if you're not too motivated or ambitious. Everyone gets an office.
Variety of great projects to work on. You work with great people. Fair opportunities for career growth. Reasonable work-life balance. Great benefits.
The benefits are great, the pay is competitive, and you are treated well by leadership.
1. Flexible hours 2. Interesting technology 3. Alot of very smart people 4. Very good benefits, at least for now
Work/Life balance is acceptable and really good for some roles Great benefits Oppty to move within the company Multiple Global locations Strategic thinking is rewarded
There are so many resources available and so much cash that Microsoft can afford to get into any business and sustain a loss for many years. XBOX is an example of an area that Microsoft never gave up in. Few people would have given them a chance to break into that difficult console business and yet they stuck it out and it is finally paying off.
Well managed projects Smart people Work life balance better than some
Work with smart people Better-than-average benefits Learn good software engineering practices
It is a Good company to work with relaxed work culture.Employees friendly so you dont hv to worry about team grudges
Large diversity of projects, lots fo smart people, impactful project, stable work place, lots of existing code, lots of brain knowledge
smart people great work lots of variety
So many resources to help you do your job right.
Great benefits Challenging work environment Good growth opportunities
The company is a good place to work if you are just seeking a financially secure environment and are not concerned about advancement. For eample, the benefits poackage is generous.
fast paced, great products, full people to work with
Salary Industry influence ESPP Benefits Work culture leadership leaders leadershui lead leaded This is not working as it should.
Benefits are good but they are repealing that in 2013. It is good place to start your career but don't stick around for more than 3 years.
Work environment, opportunity to get technical experience, nice benefits. Good pay on management level.
Tons of really sharp yet humble people. (it totally not, 'I'm smart and I know it') Great tools/systems/processes in place all over the company. Professional ''grownup" and mature working environment (not the goofy fraternity style at Google) Lots of type A logical personalities.
They treat employees really well. Goals are very clearly defined and it's easy to track your progress. Your managers want to help you grow your career.
In recent time Microsoft is shedding a lot of its weight to become more nimble and agile. Its getting younger and smarter.
The opportunity to change the world - although that time has gone for many positions. Great health care benefits - althought that will soon change.
Microsoft is generally a great place to work. Although perception has changed Microsoft's core capabilities are still very strong. There are business groups that are strong and generally carry the company (groups such as Windows, Office, Development products, & Server & Tools business are still the core of the company). The company has very good benefits and the salaries are pretty commensurate with what is generally in the industry. The good money is made at the Director level (or principal PM, Dev & Test Management levels). If you are fortunate enough to get into one of those groups that are core to the business you would be in great shape for potential to grow your career. Also, for career growth groups that have competition with other industry leaders are great... think Windows, SQL, Win Server, etc are great... it gives you the opportunity to really dig into the competition and get out of the Microsoft centric thinking that is prevalent throughout the company.
Excellent benefits Great work life balance (depending on team) Incredibly smart people to work with
good salary and perks smart people
Many opportunities to work on different technology because of Microsoft's huge portfolio of products. Good exposure to growth on non-technical stuff.
Free Beverages, xbox 360, Causal dress in workplace
Difficult challenges. Learn to build large scale software. Colleagues are pretty smart folks.
Good Branding, Great Engineering principles, Good work life balance, Benefits are good.
Intelligent, fun, caring, & generous people to work with. Lot's of career opportunities and tons of personal benefits both through the company (e.g. free health club, discount card to different local businesses, company busses for commuting, etc.) and through employee groups within the company (e.g. climbing club, photography club, dog info, event & ticket exchange, etc.).
Cultural diversity Able to learn new tools Great cafeterias Amazing people
Salary is competitive, benefits are great, work/life balance is ideal. There also is a lot of variety in the type of work you can do -- there are a lot of different kinds of technologies you Microsoft is developing that you could work on.
1) Corporate commitment to workplace diversity (race, sex, religion, culture, etc.) 2) A "name" company 3) Not likely to go out of business soon 4) Plenty of learning opportunities 5) If you find the right job and the right manager, it's a great experience 6) Usually good flexibility for working parents 7) Smart and diversified co-workers
Talented people in engineering Big company, able to move to a different area without start from scratch Good benefit package
Great benefits, great people, top notch resources and technology.
Work with bright pPeople Technology availability Benefits
Lots of brilliant people around Lots of problems to work on Wide array of technogies The management is generally good and fair in assessing people in performance reviews. I like the review and evalutation system at the company and the focus on getting things done.
- Family medical benefits are great - The vacation time is better than similar area companies, and comp time after projects is acceptable - With the right management support in place, there are amazing opportunities for compensation and advancement for very hard and dedicated workers - A place to learn how a large enterprise software company executes, this is a good and awful thing
Brand Recognition. The Microsoft Campus (regardless of which one you wind up at) will be nice. There is a great deal of flexibility with regard to which 12 hours you wish to work each day.
Hands on latest software technologies
There are some great people there, if you're lucky enough to get a good team. The benefits (up till now) have been top of the chart. There is opportunity for growth, if you have a manager who believes in you.
Work with smart people. Work on cool technology at times. The stock awards are nice. Able to work independently or as a team.
Positive and professional work environment
The health benefits are second to none. The Redmond and Bellevue campuses are high-tech, extremely comfortable and eco-friendly. The on-site facilities and ammenities are unprecedented. Most of the people working at Microsoft are among the smartest and most passionate people in the industry.
1. worldwide impact 2. one actually owns a huge chunk and can work independently. managers are there to guide but not spoon feed. 3. Excellent benefits (will, until 2013 i.e.) 4. recognition and benefits from 3rd parties in/around Redmond area 5. superb campus and facilities
Very smart people set of people
Exposure to exciting projects and some great clients. Can be fun to be part of a large organization that is well-known.
- Microsoft's pay is adequate and the benefits are excellent. - There are many great individual contributors. - Once you've established a track record of success, it is relatively easy to move around the company to find new challenges.
1. Benefits - excellent medical plan 2. Time off/vacation time 3. Good pay 4. It is possible to try out new things every 2/3 years
Great porducts, smart people, lots of resources, great learning opportunities, amazing benefits, global impact
Opportunity to impact globally is real
good benefits. flexible work time employees are friendly
good benefit package. easy to get promoted if you kiss asses and follow orders blindly. constant reorg and have people who have no business sense on the top.
For all the bad raps Microsoft gets, it still changes the world. There are few places where the things you work on have a bigger impact. On top of that, great pay, benefits and working conditions.
Microsoft is an amazing place and provides the opportunity to work with amazing people. The company's strategy for the future is strong and has the cash behind it to fail in some areas and still recover. I really enjoy working here.
Salaries are ok Benefits were at one time great, but they are getting cut each year 2 of the best managers that I have had in my career have been at Microsoft The products Microsoft creates are incredible
Benefits, Work Life Balance, Software, Company Store Discounts
First and foremost - the team you are on will make ALL the difference. Good and bad teams exist throughout the company.  An interesting and challenging place to work. No shortage of problems to dive into and solve. All the tools and supplies you could ever want or need. Need an extra PC? Want a nifty software tool? Ask and ye shall receive - whatever you need to get your job done right and fast. Bar none the best healthcare in the industry. No muss, no fuss - feel sick? Just go to the Dr. No games. Awesome company store discounts. You're surrounded by hordes of very intelligent people - people that were probably the rock stars of their previous employer. Kind of like the "Ivy League" of employers. The only employer I've ever had that truly treats their employees like adults - "Here's what we want done - YOU figure out how to do it." Total freedom in how you choose to complete a project. Want to spend most of your time playing XBOX or Air Hockey? Go ahead. But you are still expected to have your project done on time and in nothing short of spectacular fashion.
Awesome Health Insurance Good compensation Huge with plenty of opportunities to work on different types of projects Plenty of commute options and good focus on customers and employee satisfaction
1. Benefits 2. Technology at your fingertips 3. Resume builder 4. Clear direction 5. Great work-life balance 6. Amenities, Starbucks Coffee
Wide range of experiences, locations and challenges available. Ability to realize these is dependent upon superiors, department and yourself/performance. Poor results will limit your ability to move around and move up so stay focused on the "commits".
Benefits are good. Some of the people are still good. Microsoft use to be the place to work. There are pockets of that left, but they are slowly being suffocated by the new Microsoft which is essentially Proctor and Gamble for the software industry.
Learn lots of things for starting your career
Work with very smart and talented people. Flexible hours and work arrangement. Best benefits in the industry. Impact 100s of millions of people.
great learning center, library and lots of internal aliases through which you can clear your technical/non-technical questions. free-beverages-company-picnic-and-much-more-you-will-be-working-on-new-software-which-will-be-seen-by-you-b4-it-goes-to-the-outside-world great-work-environment-for-FTE's. great-place-to-work-in-terms-of-technology......
Industry best health insurance was good.
You get to work with some of the smartest people in the world, and if you push yourself, you can work on bleeding edge technology. The stock isn't doing anything, but it's free and after 5 years you have a substantial sum of money each year by stock maturing. Benefits are great.
Smart co-workers, great benefits and ability to work in so many cutting edge technologies/divisions
There are many things that I admire in Microsoft, in particular: - Benefits package (one of the best in the industry) - Opportunities to grow by changing jobs internally - Learn to think big - Social responsibility (Microsoft is super generous to a variety of causes, which is admirable) - Very smart people easily approachable - Access to fantastic resources (software, library, research, etc.) - Very informal working environment - Flexible work schedule  After having spent several years in different positions, both technical and marketing, I think this has been my best "professional school".
You can learn much about software development cycle and related knowledges. There is plenty of resource for employee to learn and grow.
Great benefits Some good people Some good teams Great cafes Can have work/life balance if you're on the right team
Good Work Life Balance exists in the parts of the company which I have been exposed to Health Benefits are very good, for example no medical deductables
They get software development and how to treat developers well.
Great place to learn MS technologies Good salary Good work environment
Company still has some areas that reward innovation and entrepreneurship, benefits are great and you really do not have to work very hard (in Redmond)
Good benefits Discounts on Company software
*) Microsoft has a lot of money, so we always got to play with latest technologies. *) With a few minor exceptions every one is extremely respectful. *) People are very helpful, which provides ample opportunity to learn new skills and expand your knowledge. *) Always something to do. *) Compensation is very good. *) Contractors/Vendors are welcomed to most social events and gatherings. *) Although a very fast-paced workplace, you are always allowed to work at your own pace.
Great culture, awesome people, strong enterprise products
Microsoft has a very competent engineering workforce, you are always working with some of the best of the best here. Even as a vendor I am treated as one of the team
You would neither need to be smart nor need to think algorithimically. Good for people who cannot get a job anywhere else.
Salary and Benefits and and and....
Great benefit, people are smart and respectful.
good benefits, flexible working hours and nice environment without too much pressure and also the Seattle ares is very beautiful
Work on products that are used by hundreds of millions of people. Enough product diversity that you can work on a wide variety of projects. Still many smart people. Best research lab in the world.
One of the best reasons to work at Microsoft is the health benfits package which is compelling in contrast to other corps.
Good benefits, strong infrastructure support, still some good people.
Interesting work, good pay, benefits - very smart people. Tons of responsibility, ability to make impact. good life/work balance. Good all around.
Benefits are still generous. Good work-life balance: It's a 9 to 5 company
Many projects and smart people
I have excellent Benefits. I haven't had a single health care expense since starting, no premiums, deductibles, and co-pays. The legal benefit is excellent
- Great environment - Benefits - People
Love the education courses you could take, library, cafateria, work space (office) and computer equipment & building facilities.
1. Lot of different opportunities within the company 2. Good people resources - lot of smart people to interact with 3. Awesome benefits 4. Microsoft is a great name to have on your resume
Awesome benefits, Great learning environment, Good ability to move around and experience multiple aspects of the business environment. Very open and transparent culture
Nice benefits. Work with amazingly talented and smart people.
Range of products you can work on are endless Good benefits
Very smart and generally respectful people. Excellent benefits. Great facilities.
1) Work life balance. 2) Good learning opportunity. 3) A good place to start your career. 4) Great helth benefits.
Wide range of products and technologies to work on Seen and used by millions of customers Lots of career advancement opportunities Lots of smart people to work with...very few idiots you run into
High salary, cool technology, genius co-workers, good work/life balance, great work conditions (my own office, 2-3 monitors, multiple top-of-the-line development machines, etc.). Health benefits are AWESOME*!  *for the next 2 years
Polishing your analytical thinking. Extreme attention to details. Building consensus.
Microsoft Library - Access to resources - research data, journals, books, studies. Benefits - Medical, stock Smart people - there are a lot of really intelligent people with interesting backgrounds & experience Diversity - people from all over the world
Good paying job, lots of good peers, lots of work to be done, profitable company, nice area if you like the outdoors...
Many different teams to choose from. Stable and well-known company. Potential to impact a product that is used by millions of people.
LOoks great on resume, looks very good on resume Lots of projects & challenges, chances to learn and grow here
The benefits at Microsoft were really generous. Together with base pay, Microsoft was a great place to work in terms of compensation.
Good place to start a career If you are looking for career advancement go to Redmond not the satellite offices Smart People Good healt benefits, 401K, ESPP etc
Geart company to work for.
Employment Benefits Technology and Infrastructure Global Fortune 500 Career Advancement Opportunities Continued Education SharePoint Technologies Vision of Technology in the Enterprise and Workplace Social Computing Technologies Razor Sharp Management
Very good employer in terms of overall compensation package and creature comforts (office space, food services, etc.)
At microsoft, you have a chance to work with world-class engineers and large scale project, The company provides very comprehensive training and career development path.
Microsoft has great opportunities for individual growth if you're in the right group
Microsoft is one of the companies in the leading edge of technology, so you get to try out the softwares internally before it is released out to public. Has great health benefits. Working environment is pretty flexible.
Benefits, breadth of products and services, financial stability
Exposure to just about everything digital. Opportunities for global business experience. Smart co-workers. Great place to start a career.
opportunity to work on some big global projects with a perspective that cuts across different customer types, channels, and strategies that can scale across multiple markets.
Lots of job opportunities to transfer throughout the company. Work hard and do well and you can really move to different fields, in different worldwide location within the company.
Pay and benefits are excellent. Access to technology (anything you want to work on or play around with) is essentially unlimited. If you can luck (or maneuver your way) into a good manager who is open and honest, you have a good chance to manage your career, and have a good time. You won't get rich, but you'll be well taken care of.  Despite the cons I list below, if you can be confident in what you do, have regular, honest conversations with your boss about your career, you can learn to ignore the silliness, and just have fun getting your job done. And get fairly well paid to do it.
Unlimted opportunities for those that want to move around.
* You get to see how many world-class products are built * The salary and benefits are good enough that you don't worry about survival too much * Seattle is a great place to live
Interesting products, lots of bright people
Bleeding edge technology. If you happen to land in the right right spot, it's really fun to work on a new API or library that other developers will use. Health care coverage - up through 2013. After that it's going to be much more expensive.
Very smart people, a lot of opportunities to learn. Good management attitude, good work-life balance.
Working with smart, focused people. Shipping products that are used by millions. Great location. Highly competent managers. Great benefits. Reasonable compensation. Great resume material.
Good benefits, lots of responsibilities
Technology and competitive drive of the company
Microsoft is an outstanding company to take your engineering skills to the next level. The company has a strong history of hiring competent engineers who are capable of delivering challenging products and services. I have personally gained a significant insight into the Software Development Cycle, product development, and have had an increasing number of opportunities to play a major role at the company. Aspiring employees should learn how to communicate critical feedback and leverage others strengths to help deliver better products for the team.
You can choose to have a great work life balance, great place to work for people who are sick of moving around and are looking for a convinient , comfortable life style.
Free Sodas Good medical benefits (but not for long) Decent pay
Benefits, benefits, benefits... Enough said. Also, if you are smart, you can stretch what you work on for weeks and nobody will notice (that's also a con, as you will eventually become lazy)
Benefits, good experience, good training opportunities
a. Smart people. b. Lots of resources for, say, computers or other equipments. c. Very visible, everyone knows about Microsoft.
Working at Microsoft gives great benefits, a great work atmosphere, and great technology to work on in a wonderful climate.
You can work in different areas, since the company does a lot of stuff in various areas.
At Microsoft you get to work with a lot of smart people, many smarter than you. The upside is that you are challenged to grow in a lot of different ways.
Diversified Company with lot of different products
-Orca Card -Free Beverages: Sodas, Milk, Coffee, Tea, etc -Exposure to new consumer products -Contact with knowledgeable colleagues
- Looks good on resume - Benifits are good - Secure - Excellent working conditions (peronal office, top notch hardware ...)
Opportunity to work with highly motivated, highly skilled people Opportunity to work on some of the most exciting technology Opportunity to have enormous impact on the market and the world
The number of technical areas in which you can work at Microsoft is, I would assert, unsurpassed by any other technology company.  Microsoft is one of the last, true software development companies. If you're passionate about software, it's hard to beat a place where enginneers rule the roost.  Great compensation and benefits.
Microsoft has broad areas in software There are several smart people across the company Microsoft has a strong brand, sales/marketing, research capabilities
Microsoft is a giant company with ample resources and opportunity.
Many intresting technologies Lots of smart pepole Good work life balance Great benafits, great health benafit, 401K match, matching of donations to many organization, company store, etc.
Microsoft engineers are VERY smart. Depending on the group, this can be a huge benefit. You'll find yourself learning from those around you (a good thing, unless you've got more ego than you deserve), and will be amazed at the capacity.
Still lots of very smart people, huge opportunity for impact given breadth of product portfolio, great opportunities to interact with customers.
* Best Medical Benefit  * Free Software Inside Work Environment  * Online Education Program
- There are lots of smart people to work with. - The separate roles of PM, DEV, and TEST are cool. - The technology is very cool.
- There are lots of smart people to work with. - The separate roles of PM, DEV, and TEST are cool. - The technology is very cool.
Smart People, Highly impactful work. Tons of teams working in various areas, so you can almost find something you like in the company.
-"Get your work done" mentality allowing you to be flexible with work. -Health Care benefit (going away)
For someone who is just coming into the company fresh out of college, this is a great place to work because it's far easier to mold someone young than someone truly seasoned. If you are already pro-Microsoft, then again, this would be a great place to work.
good benifit package, perhaps best you can get in IT industry, work schedule is flexible, great to access tech guru, tools and tech resources, diversified tech community,
Work life balance was great... They never forced you to work overtime... 40 hour work week was all that was needed and it was not held against you for promotions.
--There are a few pockets of real innovation and passion for the customer remaining --There are still a lot of really good, passionate, folks still toiling away at the company, most of which are concentrated at the lower levels. --Wide range of products/services make it a good place for someone new to the industry "cut their teeth" and get some good exposure. 2-3 years on a single project will give you a great feel for the product, industry, and whether this is the place for you.
What a great place it was to spend 20+ years of my career. I feel like I helped change the way the world did business.
Flexible work hours, great medical benefits, stable environment, decent salaries (relative to peers/competitors). The brand name can help with furture employment. Cost of living in the Greater Seattle area are reasonable.
Great Benefits - Free healthcare, access to high end health club Employee Purchase benefit Work with highly talented individuals Free starbucks coffee
Cool products, great tools, great perks.
Benefits are fantastic, pay's pretty good. Sometimes you work insane hours, other times you can leave at 5:30 and be home for dinner.
Good package, good brand on resume
Large impact. Smart people. Great decor
Good opportunities, a lot of leverage to work on company-wide projects.
Work life balance Fantastic environment Health benefits
Smart people, good tasks, good environment, new challenges, good talks, thoughtful area, new features, cross group collaboration, healthy environment, many opportunities
You have access to information about so many new products that are coming out Career path is explicit Compensation is very good
Amazing happens here! True to every aspect of it. Great place, great environment and yes great people.
there is flexibility in work hours, their benefits package is the best in the industry, get to work with smart people
Great benefits Work hours flexibility
Have to manage your own career and if you are up to that, you can find the right experiences, projects and roles to advance your career.
Great benefits ..probably the best than any other company in the country.
It is MS, agreed not the same as it was back in 2000 but still... Smart people Benefits
The right people and resources motivated to tackle an opprty when solid, visionary leadership is in place (there is a leak in the plumbing, sadly) The most comprehensive ecosystem of technology partners world-wide
Energetic company to work for.
Some incredibly smart people to learn from, good benefits, pleasant surroundings.
In 9 years at Microsoft, I've had 7 managers. I've had various positions including SDET and PM. The best times I had were when I had the good luck of working in a department with a culture that was a good fit for me, with managers who were very supportive and had a genuine interest in helping me advance my career. Since it's a very big company, if you find out that the group you're working in is not a good fit, there might be plenty of options to transfer internally to another group. I have worked in various groups, from games, to developer tools, to research, to Windows, all with very different cultures.
some offices have comfortable chairs
* smart people all around you * a lot of passion for the products * great comp package
really interesting problems, really smart people, benefits
-amazing benefits -great culture, less arrogant than many others -in most teams, great work-life balance -opportunity for global impact right after graduation
Microsoft has a huge product portfolio, so if you've grown tired of one product group (say, Word) then you can transfer to another one and still get to keep your benefits, seniority, etc.  Also, the benefits are awesome. The only way you'll find better benefits package is to become a United States Senator or the CEO of a bank that's too big to fail.
Stable job. So I recommend it.
If you're into software, Microsoft does it all - consumer to corporate to internet, web to client and embedded, etc. You'll have the opportunity to learn as much as you want.
Each employee has the ability create a great career plan since there are many opportunities to switch jobs. Also, always around very smart people which enables professional growth in itself.
Fantastic benefits and perks (gym pass, the Connector bus, Prime card, etc. etc) Excellent process that encourages intra-company moves Can work on world-changing software. Or not. Your choice, really. Can rotate and try multiple roles within reason. Excellent internal training programs Coworkers
The benefits cover almost everything, health benefit is awesome, support from company at every step and of course the name Microsoft.
Smart colleagues, lots of resources, decent pay, and great benefits. You get to work with software solutions and services that everyone knows.
Stable, good for people with families, most employees are mid-30s and do have kids. Excellent benefits, most people are gone by 6pm these days to spend time with family.
Benefits are top notice People are the best in the industry to work with. Company has alot of money to spend on employees Good work environments.
Environment,people, benefits, friends, stability, location
Great pay. Smart people. Wonderful benefits package. If you like code, this is a great place to be. The people here are very nice.
work culture diversity - people and work options
Bredth Opportunites, Employee Development, Benefits Package
Wealth of knowledge, brilliant coworkers, abundance of talent and hard working people who make you want to learn everything. Fun!
The level at which everyone performs their assignments is exceptional. Plenty of time to find your niche, and met people like you. There is a certain cache attached to this company when getting recruiting calls for possible jobs. Also, Microsoft does not necessarily worry about supplies, but rather there is focus on results. As a student going into the professional work place, this is a good reason to join Microsoft.
- A lot of things are taken care so that developers can focus on coding. Program Managers handle requirement facing customers, talking to other teams etc, and priority is given so that you can focus on programming and producing results. - For the technical/non-manager types: If you are patient, and can deal with occasional politics at the office, and have potential to be a product architect, there is really room to grow here. I hear at other companies that there is a ceiling for technical types, but here there isn't. They have career stage setup all the way from Senior SDE, to Architect, Distinguished Engineer to Technical Fellow. Of course, extremely few people amongst the talented employees of microsoft make it to level beyond Architect, but that path is there. - In general, if you are pro-active, there is a lot of support you can get to learn how to grow and succeed at microsoft, in the form of mentoring.
Good benefits and health insurace, overall established process and tools, good working enviroment, and decent managment.
Benefits are compelling (health care, vision, dental) Big interesting problems to work on Recognized name in industry (even if you don't agree it's leading edge anymore)
Benefits are compelling (health care, vision, dental) Big interesting problems to work on Recognized name in industry (even if you don't agree it's leading edge anymore)
Flexibility , freedom, technology, health insurance
Very technology focussed org. When you are networked you are good. Health benefits are top notch and work place benefits are excellent. Salary is decent
great company to work for.
Great benefits Some groups present interesting opportunities (xbox, bing), and attract motivated and qualified team members, other groups not so much.
Lots of opportunities to move across groups in Marketing, but less so if you didn't come in via the MACH program and are considered a role filler rather than a career builder.
Bes healtht benefits very flexible working hours and great work/life ballance ability to change areas within the ocmpany as no other company... one year work in OS, another in SQL and the next in Bing freefom to use whatever OS, Tool, etc. you want (other companies are much stricker)
Intelligent people. Great benefits. People who genuinely want to do the right thing for the company's success. Innovative ideas at all levels of the organization.
So many different technologies to work on People withe good technical skills Size and processes of the company makes it harder to grow fast
Once you leave Microsoft you realize how great the benefits are. Also, the work environment is cushy with private offices.
The promotion is relatively faster (probably because there are more levels). Lots of senior engineers you can learn from. Single office policy. Great benefit.
Amazing benefits. In general, the people are smart and nice to work with.
- good benefits and decent pay - lots of resources, e.g. great talks from MSR and visiting speakers - private offices - flexible working hours - still a lot of smart people (but definitely minority) - if you get on the right project/group there is still some interesting stuff being built
Work environment is wonderful with lots of perks like access to on campus training, books and journals, lectures. People are great, friendly, highly intelligent, skilled, energetic and enthusiastic.
Good business education - interesting to get a view of how products are put together and marketing. Benefits are great, pay is not bad.
Smart and motivated people all around you. Most are experienced from other companies though we have some smart newcomers as well. Culture is basically fantastic at this company and you have a chance to grow your career here, Looks great on the resume too
Decent starting pay Work for a big name Great Benefits Seattle is an awesome city Lots of variety between technologies amongst the company
1) Medical benefits are unbelievable. You'll (typically) never pay a dime regardless of your family size. 2) Casual atmosphere, both in dress and flexible working hours. 3) Very high career ceiling. The partners (of which there are around 800 or so) can easily clear $1m year, and often much more. 4) Opportunity to work on products that have tremendous global impact.
- Outstanding benefits - For the most part, very smart people to work with
Really Smart people Great benefits, Salary, work environment
great benefits good salary for the area opportunity to learn as much as you want able to transition between fields some great managers and teams really smart people
The benefits are what keeps most people at Microsoft. The other is the ability to try new opportunities and learn new skills.
Good Benefits Financial stability Large R&D budget
there were opportunities to move around within the company to grow skills, and the benefits were excellent. if you started in the 80s or 90s, it was a pretty good deal financially as well.
- Innovative area (E&D)  - Strong team-based environment  - Engaging content (E&D)  - Passionate co-workers  - Great benefits, fair salary, career growth opportunities  - Established company, support functions and processes in place to make my life easier
Great opportunities for growth and the benefits and pay are amazing. It is a very flexible workplace if you want time off or want a flex-schedule. I know many people who work from home one or more days a week. It is also a very diverse workplace which promotes interesting conversations and expands your own cultural knowledge.
The culture encourages innovation and there is opportunity to build products and experiences. Employees are smart and passionate about technology. There are many professional development opportunities in multiple areas.
Many incredibly smart individuals, oppurtunity to work with a wide array of businesses, performance driven culture, one of the big three technology leaders
Excellent health benefit package, encourages work/life balance, many different technologies and products to work on, mature & stable corporation, individual offices, smart & passionate people
Great people too work with Good learning oppurtunities
Microsoft used to be a fantastic place to work, and sometimes you run into enthusiastic people who remember when it mattered to ship quality products.
Great technologies Smart peers Good work culture Best medical & salary package
1) good benefits 2) stable 3) not too much work 4) reasonable compensation 5) reasonable promotion 6) good career plan
great place for an internship. lots of opportunities to get exposure to different parts of the company and new products still in the pipeline. good work life balance and benefits, plus lots of free stuff.
good benefits, good work environment nice buildings and equipment
You get to work on things that everyone in the world including your friends and family use. If you are working hard and are excited about your project and customers you will be rewarded. Just like Google's 20% time if you are getting your work done you are encouraged to find "relevant" extra work that you get to choose and are rewarded greatly if you do.
Microsoft is a very good company to work for. The benefits are excellent, there are plenty of opportunities and I enjoyed my time there.
Good to work and good benefits.
Benefits, opportunites, compensation, telework, training
Cool prods Smart peeps Nice benefits Nice campus Career! I've been there for 7 years and love it!
Lots of smart people to work with. Chance to work on different groups (i.e. different technologies). Very stable.
Lots of very smart people to learn from. Vast amount of resources if you are on an approved project. Benefits are outstanding.
---Nice benefits ---Still good culture ---Lot of learning and growth avenues ---Systemic support and respect for diversity ---Allows career changes within Microsoft
1) excellent benefits package 2) you're not supporting a business, you are the business 3) lots of smart people to work with and learn from.
Microsoft still hires very smart people and treats its employees amazingly well overall. The opportunity to continually work on the next generation of software still gets me out of bed every morning excited to come into work and solve hard problems. Microsoft is a company passionate about software quality and the user experience.
Good compensation, great coworkers, widely used software, free drinks, lots of learning opportunities, challenging problems, good variety of products available
tons of potential to change jobs and move up. big company with lots of divisions of opportunity. Lots of resources. great benefits
Benefits are great. Lots of smart people. Great opportunity to learn a lot of new things. Flexible working hours (usually).
One of the best benefits packages in the industry. Plenty of opportunity for improvements in products and services if you can work through the politics. Bonuses can be very good for preferred employees. Generally intelligent people to work with.
Good reputation and it's easy to get into the accounts. It can be challenging with consumers.
-Benefits -Cafeteria -Good reputation  In general MS is a good place to work. The politics can sometimes be difficult to deal with, but once you learn the game it's not bad to navigate.
- You're generally surrounded by great minds most of the time - The company builds some truly great products - The employee benefits are the best in the industry - Free beverages :)
Exciting and challenging projects Great work culture smart team members work life Balance Access to latest technology Career growth opportunities Flexible career path Mentoring and networking opportunities Support and opportunity to serve the community
- Smart people - Lots of challenges
Benefits Flexible Work Schedule Good opportunities for training
Access to the tools and resources needed Flexible work schedule Frequent assessment of employee morale Freedom to book and manage individual travel Corporate and social responsibility
Fantastic benefits - the best medical you will ever see. Every day is a new interesting challenge. Very internationally diverse workforce.
Food, salary, benefits and holidays
1. The intellectual energy of the employees- very smart people 2. Always a challenge 3. Great resources and tools to get the job done 4. Superb benefits 5. Bill Gates is next to God
At Microsoft you get exposure to lots of different management approaches and challenges.
Best Reasons to work:  * Challenging and interesting work. * Very capable teammates and dev leads, lots of opportunities to learn and grow * Relaxed work environment, set your own hours, get free drinks and coffee, wear whatever you want. It doesn't sound like much, but it helps make the work environment a lot less stressful. * Tech Talks and Courses you can take to learn more about programming
* Available training * Benefits * Career Growth * Stretch Assignments * Smart Peers * Work Life Balance * Pay * H/W Budget
Good benefits, good environment, flexible hours.
Smart people Good perks esp health benifits Variend product offerings so one can pursue different verticals if interested. Software used by 95% of the worlds population. Which means you can make a difference if you care enough.
Great work place, smartest folks in the world, what's not to like?
-Without a doubt, some of the best benefits available at any employer -Extremely intelligent coworkers -Opportunity to work with software that impacts millions of people -Teams working on exciting, innovative software
As far as I know, ms provides the best employee benefit compared to other software companies. MS has good reputation, so employee could build a good career path.
Good benefits, lots of projects,
Great place to work if you are looking to run projects and being responsible for major initiatives. It is not a place to work if you feel uncomfortable working with very strong personalities.
great benefits, work environment, smart people to work with, latest technology, not a bad salary, work life balance, product discounts and many more
Amazing benfits, almost all colleagues are very bright. good culture, good compensation
Challenging Smart people Big goals Significant responsibility At corporate ther is definately a sink or swim mentality, therefore you have to be a senior person to thrive.
Single office, free soda, flexible working time.
There is always the feeling that you could find your niche in the company and thrive. Not sure yet if this is actually a reality.
Great benefits. You work with "grown ups" who know what they're doing and have done it for a while. They recognize and accept that you have a life outside of work.
I'm a v- contractor. The money is pretty good.
Good benefits Comfy Safe Good Pay International Exposure Good Brand Promotions are great if you can get them at a decent pace
-stellar benefits -great salary -flex hours -free sodas -smart and talented people  -working at MS can be great fun if you get on a good project
- Opportunity to meet and work with some of the smartest people in the sofware industry - Possible opportunity to work in fast pace environments, and on projects that go from very small to very large
Great researchers, good benefits, very dynamic
good benefit and good office
*Good pay *Good exposure to top minds *IIWII (It is what it is)
- Prestigious company to work for (looks GREAT on resume) - Good pay - Really interesting projects and technology that you can get your hands on - Great place for competitive types, who are driven the desire to outperform others, rather than the success of their team - Huge company with lots of divisions, so ample opportunity to move around among product groups
Microsoft has great brand recognition which makes it easier to call prospects Job stability Nice work/life balance Excellent Intranet with
Free soda Good health insurance Decent pay
Pay and Benefits it the best
great benefits for all yee haw
great medical benefits, casual work environment, nice office spaces, free coffee, soda etc, free cutleries as well. Its very convenient. most of the time its relaxed work environment and no restrictions.
Good paycheck, benefits, bonus, stock awards. Surrounded by smart people and many of them are actually interesting in moving the project forward. Opportunities to work on a myirad of different technolgoies and can change your job if you move. Great benefits package as well.
1. Chance to work with very talented people 2. Some products are really doing great work. 3. Great benifits 4. Very good work-life balance
Microsoft is the #1 software company of the world, hence you work on very popular products (usually) The medical plan is the best in US. Work life balance is good
MS is a good place to work. The benefits are great, and the pay is mostly fair. Job security is as good as it gets. Millions of people will use your products. Despite it's rep as a maker of stodgy old box software, MS continues to innovate in *many* areas. There are truly brilliant people in every product group.
Incredible smart people Lots of user testing and market analysis best benefits of any company flexible work schedule easy commute
Great health benefit. 401K, stock award, employee stock purchase plan, generous sick leave, seattle is a beautiful city to live.
1. People The people at MS are amazing in how much they are willing to help out with anything and everything. They are very smart and very passionate about what they do. It is fun to meet them and work with them. The Kellogg alumni at MS are especially helpful and nice.  2. Networking/Company Culture The company encourages a lot of networking and exchange of information. It allows you to meet people from other groups and learn about their projects. It is nice to know that the work you're doing does not stay in a vacuum and that you are able to leverage other people's knowledge and best practices, so that you're not spinning your wheels.  3. Opportunities It is encouraged to rotate and spend 16 - 18 months with different groups and doing different things, so it gives everyone a great opportunity to network within the company and try different things.
The benefits and compensation package are better than just about anybody else in the industry. They have cafeteria's with pretty good food.
Worked on high level marketing projects at Xbox
Good benefit Variety of products Good learning opportunities
it provoids very good of benefits and resources,
Microsoft is filled with smart people.
Work with smart people Excellent discounts on software Amazing benefits package Compensation and work environment is very good, and the company doesn't scrimp on equipment.
* Extremely flexible working hours  * Opportunity to work on some really cutting edge technology and projects  * Working in Windows/Office gets you to experience working on a project, proportions of which you won't see anywhere else  * Really good benefits :)
Very good working condition, smart people around me and they are very helpful and friendly. Also resouce is plentiful at Microsoft.
Good pay, outstanding benefits, incredily smart people, and leading edge software technology and processes. I know some parts of Microsoft have their own ecosystems and processes which can be considered old school, but there's many facets of the company that are ran like a start-up where managements job is to just remove road blocks and let the dev/test/pm chain innovate. The company is so huge there are opportunities to work on whatever you want. Employee training is top notch, and you are free to change your career path as you want. The work life balance is very good, and the review process is mostly fair and honest. I haven't had any problems with politics, but that doesn't mean the system is perfect. Compared to the other big popular software houses (i.e. Google, Amazon, Facebook, Apple), I feel that Microsoft is probably the best company to stick with and have a brilliant career. Many people I work with came from Google and Amazon and are much happier with Microsoft.
training, gain experience, improve communication and cross team working skills, stable and good benefits.
Good health benefit. Private office room.
Autonomy and accountability are foremost.
Great benefits and great perks. Good competitive salary, lots of incentives to be an employee in terms of extras. This is more valid for people in Redmond.
PTL's have a great opportunity to really dig deep into a specific area of focus within a business group. Most groups allow for strong ownership and decision making. Pay in the upper 80's is a definite pro. Being the true subject matter expect, and having the ability to advocate for your area of focus is very rewarding.
Microsoft pays pretty well, has a pretty stable business, and is on the leading edge in some areas of technology. I have no doubt there are tons of interesting jobs at Microsoft. Sadly, mine was not one of them.
Let's face it, the benefits package is second to none in the Seattle area. Lots of training opportunities. Great if you thrive on chaos and can make things happen.
Microsoft offers it employees great genefits. Microsoft also offers its employees fair pay. Microsoft also is a fun place to work.
great people around you. lots of resources. There is a lot to learn here. Switching teams is simple too. And best of all the incentives are really good.
Microsoft has a ton of smart people who are generally really nice to work with and by and large highly motivated to do a good job and deliver consumer value. The review process is generally pretty fair, with good work being recognized and rewarded. The company has great benefits and treats it's employees well. The large size of the company gives employees the ability to pursue opportunities on a variety of projects without the hassle of changing employeers.
Xbox seems to have great focus and leapfrog advancement in leading the industry
Awesome benefits and work life balance Free drinks, all the time Great working environment Ability to work on fun and interesting projects
Working at Microsoft is pretty amazing because you are always working on challenging projects with cutting edge technology in a global organization. Doing work for a billion plus customers is rewarding.
Job security. It is a place where people can hide for years.
The opportunity to learn about business and competition on a global scale. I enjoyed a rare purview into how a business designs, brands and markets new products and - some cases innovative ideas. As an employee you will get to work with well educated, competent people, this is refreshing and can lead to intense intellectual debates generally of the technical kind. If you enjoy software engineering, debating and an unemotional attachment to your work, Microsoft is an ideal place to work. Microsoft is in the PC business, they admire fast providers and people who process fast.
Microsoft allows its employees an incredible opportunity to make an impact in the area they are working. No other company brings the scope and breadth of opportunities that Microsoft does and once you've made your impact in one area and want to do something new you don't need to change companies, you just need to change groups. We have successful employees on my team who have previously worked on Windows, Office and XBOX to name just a few of the teams that are represented on our team.
The company has a great work life balance and benefit package. There is a lot of flexibility when it comes to hours, especially if you are working with overseas stakeholders. Also it is so diverse there are a lot of career paths to pursue.
Microsoft is a great company to work for. there are countless job opportunities available to work in so many different divisions, markets, technologies, industries, etc. They really value your professional growth.
Great people Great environment Solid financial backing
T get to do all kinds of fun activities, including presenting, architectural design & some coding.
Exceptional benefits If the team is right, you get to work with some of the brightest minds of the planet Most full time employees get an office and privacy
Management is very focused to making everyone succeed and eventually take on new roles and challenges. Lots of emphasis on work life/career balance. As of today, health insurance is still free. No monthly deduction, no co-pay.
Free sodas and a reasonably smart group of people who are always willing to work with you and work late.
Microsoft as a company has a lot of respect for employees. Microsoft invests long term in a problem space and they aggressively pursue their competitors, often winning by constantly pushing forward and surpassing the competition when the competition starts to make mistakes.
Unbelievable benefits - Health insurance, StayFit, PRIME card discounts Company store Free drinks Reasonable pay Decent office if you have 10+ years with the company
-Benefits are truly unbelievable, even better than the high expectations I had -Any type of job you are interested is available somewhere in the company -Opportunity to transfer internationally is supported -Work with the best of the best, everyone is truly exceptional and each day you learn something new
Excellent benefits package. Compensation was pretty good. Campus is nice. Lots of smart people.
I've been to over ten different companies before coming to Microsoft. This is the best company by far in terms of availability of technical resourses. And also, unlimited drinks of all kinds - soft drink, juices, milk, teas ...
Pay is good. Benefits are fantastic. They are very systematic in terms of performance reviews. There are some good people and they have lots of opportunities for training and networking within the company. Relatively secure -- going to be around for a while.
Microsoft is an excellent and very safe place to work, you will be well taken care of they have great benefits.
It's a fairly easy lifestyle and work enviornment. There is a high focus on personal quality of life and family. A steady work ethic will establish a long stable life here.
This perspective is from the Online Services Division, specifically the ad platform teams.  Similar to many other reviews, it is nice that we have beautiful offices, pretty decent compensation (more on this later), and super smart people.  Unlike many other divisions, Microsoft is not the dominant force in this particular industry. So the varied stereotypes of a "monopolistic Microsoft" or "large company intent on a closed software system" here, do not necessarily hold true. You can see that in conversations with customers. They want us to do well. They want us to be a strong, viable competitor to the other big players in the online advertising industry. This is a huge plus when it comes to the willingness of customers to work with us, especially given our big name. It also manifests in a strong focus and collaboration among the dedicated engineering, business group and sales teams. It's a pro in the sense that the advertising business needs to be an open ecosystem and that is refreshing if you've never worked here before.  One other pro that I'll mention is the fact that there is incredible talent in the strategy teams. There's a ton of great strategic work going on here that you can get behind and use as your north star. Knowing that executives are working hard to make sure we're well-positioned in the industry makes the work all the more worthwhile. That determination is clear throughout the organization.
Unequalled international working opportunities. Work with some of the smartest people and learn from them. Be given tough challenges and the resources to be successful. Great benefits.
Your capability to work in about anything you want is tremendous Awesome benefits Awesome products
Great benefits. Opportunity to work with extremely smart and competent coworkers.
- great culture, great minds, flex-time, awesome benefits, ability to change roles
Amazing smart, talented people. Work with people from all over the world. You get your own office. Work on products that affect millions of people.
Great place to work with a lot of different opportunities and the flexibility to explore them throughout the year. They have a lot of different divisions from consumer to enterprise.
strong benefits fair pay ability to move around the company good networking opportunities you can work as hard or as little as you want to
Cool technology here. Smart people but not the nicest people for the most part. Your own office! Great resources to support your office work.
- Great resources - Good facilities - Good people
Microsoft is a great deal, overall, for software engineers. The pay is quite decent and the work / life balance is usually quite good. Sure, there are crunch times once in a while, but more or less most of the year will be 40-50 hour weeks with decent perks.
- Access to a wealth of intranet and library information. - Periodic exposure to big programs. - Good place for freshman or junior people. - Medical benefits are great.
Free drinks Free bus pass Quality insight into how software companies work Big company name to have on your resume Good pay
Salary, benefits, vacation time, sick time, holiday time, stock awards, smart people, casual work environment, new technologies, great campus atmosphere.
1. Smart people around you. 2. Lot of cool technology and products 3. Tons of opportunity
Benefits Benefits Benefits Benefits  No co-pay for visists or Rx.  Some really amazing people to work with.  External speakers brought in to speak are really interesting to hear.  Professional Resources are ok.
--Competitive pay with platinum-plated benefis --Opulent office space --Can-do spirit on new teams --Can genuinely make a difference --Upward mobility within your team is a distinct possibility with persistence and results
The compensation is good for reasonable amounts of work. Maintaining a solid work life balance is easy. When I have a team I click with, coming to work is nice.
Microsoft as a whole is very good. Excellent benefits, big company job, lots of resources for training and such. One of the best health benefits I have come across.
Working at Microsoft gave me a pretty good experience that you could get a chance to work with one of the brightest people.
You'll learn a lot - that's for sure and your problem solving abilities will go through the roof - fetches one of the best starting salaries if you're a CS or Engineering graduate - plus great Benefits !!!
Excellent salary. Excellent benefits. Flexible hours. Very interesting work. Get to work with tons of other smart, talented people. Fun.
Very intelligent people, who thrive on innovation Fantastic benefits Robust product offerings (consumer and enterprise) Good opportunity for growth and career options Continued heavy investment in R&D
You really can't ask for more, in some sense. If you're a strong engineer with decent soft skills, you'll quickly rise to the right level in the company. Many people don't make it past a certain level because they undervalue (or refuse to value) soft skills -- "if I'm hardcore enough of an engineer, I should be a VP." But if you have solid technical chops and also can work well with others, you'll do well.  The benefits and pay really can't be beat, at least for people with a strong growth potential. However, the pay is predictable and less lottery-like, you should join a startup if you're hoping to make millions regardless of your skill level. At Microsoft, it's way too late to "make millions," but a solid engineer should expect to make very good money.
Exposure to the latest technologies. Good training opportunites. Good work life balance & flexibility. Lots of opportunites to learn and grow both technically and professionally.
1) My immediate management was top notch, with regards to transparency on job performance as as well as feature work 2) Tremendous Benefits 3) Good Work/Life Balance
Lots of career opportunity Excellent benefits Opportunity to have high impact Horizontal moves to other groups Not too sunny
Microsoft is extremely professional and mature when it comes to software development. If you want to know how to really make software, this is where you want to work. Also, if you plan to have any kind of health issues, ever, you want to work here as well. The health benefits are gold plated. And the chances for advancement are good (up to senior level).
Benefits are great! (100% paid, no payroll deduction or co-pays) Stock awards are nice Room for growth
- mature development and test environment. Follow standard software dev process (e.g. agile) - good work environment. - stay with cutting edge technologies daily - Good medicare benefits.
Very interesting work and bright people! Excellent benefits and flexibility in work schedule. Opportunity to move to different areas within the legal department. High level legal issues involved.
The benefits at Microsoft can't be beat. I haven't paid for health-related costs in the ten years I've been there. The company is also incredibly diverse, giving you lots of options for moving around to different disciplines and products. And the resources you have available to you are pretty unbeatable (funding, etc).
Name recognition, merit based opportunities, define future technologies. Most are satisfied with the pay. Great corporate culture. Some teams are more flexible (hours) than others.
Great benefits, good work life balance, interesting projects, very good mobility within company, good growth opportunities, competent people in general.
Benefits were great at Microsoft. Work and life balance was stressed from the top level down. Many opportunities to make yourself heard.
What I really enjoy in working at Microsoft is the quality of the people (many of them truly world-class!), the high-performing company culture that pushes everyone to get better every day, the tremendous opportunities for learning/training and the huge impact employees can have on the world through Microsoft's products.
you learn from intelligent and well-trained mentors and managers.
The best health care benefits of anywhere - period. 100% coverage, no out of pocket expenses ever, huge lifetime caps, simply the best.  Excellent training available. Really smart colleagues.
Microsoft is full of very smart and fun people to work with. The environment is an extension of the college environment. If you get to work on a product that is relevant, you can actually reach millions of customers in te world and feel the impact of your work. The benefits and salary are comparable with other companies.
Innovator environment .. Some of your contributions will be used worldwide.
Microsoft is a global leader of IT technology. The company is always trying to find ways to innovate and impact the world.
- stable company - good health benefits, especially when compared to other companies - very nice people in some areas
The breadth of opportunities in the US and globally, the ability to have an impact (in some groups/with some products), smart people, the support for giving back (matched charitable donations and $ matching to charities for volunteer hours, employee special interest communities, diversity efforts, benefits, flexibility
Technology breadth Incredible culture Best benefits package Job stability
Schedules very flexible, freedom to do what you want, working with lots of other very smart engineers, and good low-to-middle level management. A fun place to work, where the rules are lax, and you have the opportunity to mostly work on what excites you.
Some of the smartest people to work with everyday, lots of passion for customers. Great benefits, the healthcare plan alone makes it hard for me to ever leave the company. Easy to move between groups and work on almost any important innovation in the technology industry.
Microsoft has the best benefits and it wants to take care of its employees. Had the opportunity to work with very sharp and smart people.
- Interesting, often bleeding edge Computer Science problems are a regular part of my job - The compensation isn't bad
Day to day people that I worked with were fantastic. Mostly willing to help others out when needed. GREAT benefits.
Respectful, purposeful and responsible employer. Great place to start or the early part of your career. If you like the Northwest US there is a wide variety of challenging roles with global reach. The work life balance is exceptional and the health benefits are the best possible.
smart coworkers, resume builder, contract pay for my particular role was good, some perks even for contractors (public transit card, company library and cafeteria)
Great place to start your career, benefits
Microsoft is an unbelievable place to work. Great people, leadership, community, benefits and pay. Consistently rated in the top 3 places to work in Crain's Chicago Business journal.
1) Well recognized company name and products helps you cut to the chase when talking to IT decision makers. No time wasted on positioning your "best of breed" solutions 2) Resource rich 3) Health benefits
Free Soda, Healthcare, and back in the day the opportunity to move around and do great things
Outstanding benefits, fantastic people, very dynamic environment. Fast paced, continual change, no overbearing policies or rules. Great place to work.
- You get to work with smart, capable people who care deeply about what they do - There's an opportunity to work on technologies and intiatives that can have an impact on millions of peoples' lives - Great benefits - Great place to learn - The work is challenging
They have the best perks you can expect, great opportunity for professional growth, and compensation that's above par for the field.
cutting edge software development, makes you proud. Good life/work balance on most teams. great benefits. flexible hours.
Pay is good and benefits are outstanding.
Benifits - they can not be beat unless you join the United States military or get a long-standing government job
Microsoft is so large that you could work on anything and work anywhere, depending on your skills and performance. I found management to be very understanding anytime I needed time off, and also management was OK with varying my daily start and stop times as long as the work was getting done and as long as others were not negatively affected. I feel that pay was good, and benefits especially healthcare, were better than any other company.
Good physical working conditions like private offices, on-site showers. Good benefit programs. Smart and competitive co-workers.
MSFT has some of the Greatest perks for employees. Employees get a card that they can use around Seattle at a great discount. Great health care bar none
Benefits, stability, compensation, ability to advance your career, commitment to charitable giving, smart people. I'm treated like an adult and left alone to do my job.
Salary and benefits are generally top notch when compared to competitors. You have tons of resources and training options. Career growth is definitely a priority
If you are a new MBA, looking for a steady but limited career or are a executive considering a new career at MSFT, you will be happy here. Management is generally awful. Top excutives are inbred. Do not think about being innovative here--innovations belong to other companies, but not here.
Phenomenal internship program. This kind of thing shows that Microsoft can be serious about investing in people. I really feel like I owe my current career path to Microsoft, and that's just pretty cool. As a full time Microsoft I felt like I had to give back and mentor interns -- paying it forward! Not all my managers / peers were great but I did have the pleasure of working with some super ones!
Projects with an impact. Interesting to be part of helping the company course correct and inspiring to see the agility in such a large organization.
health benefits are very generous
The company has a hand in a lot of things, so you can find something you like. Makes software everyone in the world uses. Career growth is unlimited if you work the system.
good health benefit, good big campus easily get insulated, meet many people social opportunities, nice view in seattle, good office
Microsoft really takes care of their employees and there are certainly opportunities for advancement in a wide variety of fields
Many great individual contributors but not fair compensation.
Microsoft hires really smart people from all levels and hence there is a lot of intellectual horsepower. It also has the Trio model of PM, Dev & Test for feature development though sometimes PM and Test might be absent. The trio model is unique as it is supposed to foster innovation by looking at three different points of view, but in my personal experience, either Dev or PM tends to dominate depending on whether the product is a back-end product or has a lot of UI. Test is always on the receiving end since they have to play catch-up both in testing the products and also developing automation.
Work with some bright and passionate people.
Given it's longevity it still reinvents itself periodically and is at it's best when faced with tough competition - this bring out innovation and creativity that is lacking when it's position becomes too dominant e.g. IE Great place to come and learn how to develop and ship software, great opportunities for sustained career growth, really deep technical employees to learn from - unlike some other more recent startups. Huge focus on R&D and incubation of new products - getting better at figuring out which ones to back.
The great thing about working at Microsoft as an SDET intern is that they give you "real-world" work to do, on projects that matter. You are also highly compensated for your work.
They have very good campus. No state tax, people are friendly there and they have good medical insurance for everyone.
Great health benefits, lots of capital to invest in long-term projects, many smart people who are great to work with.
- Great benefits - A lot of smart people. - A lot of experience in building software. - A lot of projects on various ares to work for within the company.
You get to work on developing or supporting software that can help and be used by potentially millions of customers around the world. Smart folks to work with. Decent pay and great benefits package.
Good exposure to lot of areas Working with smart people Ability to move around the company Very good benefits for health and dental
Great benefits, smart people and exposure to interesting problems. Significant resources if you work on a hot project. Great place for someone beginning their career or wanting to learn high tech.
Lot of great people around. Help is always only an email away. Lot of cool technologies available to choose from to select a career.
Opportunity to work with very sharp technologists Global impact on many programs Opportunity to interact with peers at F500 companies Visibility to future state engineering / product presentations and senior tech leaders Great benefits package
The benefits package at Microsoft is very good. The scope of the work can be very broad and truly international.
Microsoft is full of smart, passionate people who want to make a difference. People generally strive to do their best and work hard, which means a lot to me since I care deeply about my work and love being surrounded by people who feel likewise. The company supports movement and stretch opportunities and if you work hard you can really make a great career and make a difference.
Good pay and benefits, large organization with good prospects to move around.
Great springboard for a better career. International opportunities for those who are willing to travel significantly. High performers are rewarded. Stock options!
Big company, lots of opportunities Ability to switch between jobs Great training programs Smart and hard working people around you
Working with smart people from around the world, access to the latest technologies, first world facilities, superb benefits.
A lot of growth opportunity, great benefits, and a great reputation to put on your resume.
Great opportunites to learn and work with great people. Awesome benefits -- medical, dental, vision, retirement, stock, MS Prime, all of the extras
- God place to work, lots of long hours and various orgs, quality of orgs varies widely with leadership and division.
Great health benefits, gym membership, lot of facilities. There are many groups within MS that are doing great work.
Best in class benefits Smart colleagues Sr. Leadership persists with technologies and strategic decisions. Acknowledges (and is willing to rectify) mistakes. In some areas there is great innovation (eg. Natal etc.) Most employees want to succeed
great atmosphere, cafe, free drinks, casual, excellent benefits, good location, lots of work tools at your fingertips, lots of vendors to punt the work to
Microsoft is a huge company with tons of opportunity and lots of places to work. By moving between the different divisions (MSN, Entertainment, Office, Windows) it can feel essentially like moving to a whole new company, only without losing seniority or having to figure out a new benefits package or even a new commute. The company values work/life balnce (at least my areas in it have) and there are also a lot of smart people that you work with on a daily basis. The benefits package is outstanding, and overall the company seems to truly value employee rentention.
* Opportunity to guide overall product investment direction * Respected role in the organization * Insight into business decisionmaking apparatus * Impacts millions of customers worldwide * Opportunity to manage world class people
Healthcare is great!  comp is ok
Good Money Good Benefits Smart and cool people everywhere Highly competitive, hard and smart work are required Good resume item you get a chance to work on something that actually impacts people's life all around the world
MS is great place to work. Health benefits is the best and none to match. If you are very young, compete for everything with some excellent skill set, this is the place.
Mission, vision and values were not just a slogan but the life blood of the company. If you were not on board with the m, v, v you would not be happy here. One of the best experiences in my life!
1. Innovative work culture 2. Possibility of a lot of growth 3. Importance given to employee creativity 4. Very good work life balance 5. Good compensation
Great way to get experience, learn, and get your foot in the door. They compensate well and my management team are not micromanagers, which is nice.
Microsoft is a great place for career development. They are relatively quick to adopt new technologies and there are good opportunities to learn new skills on the job. They also have a great continuing education program with on site classes, and tuition reimbursement.
-many opportunities to move around within the company -can learn on the job to expand skills, some very smart and talented people to learn from -good upward growth for junior-level people -budgets to execute large-scale and global projects that wouldn't be possible at small companies -knowledge and use of technology
1. With the right manager, you have access to potentially life-changing career advancement opportunities 2. In some groups, you have the chance to work with people who are the best in the industry 3. If you've got a family and want free insurance coverage for the whole brood, MS is the place for you 4. Casual-dress culture and the tradition that still endures of periodic "morale events" for teams is nice 5. If you're in the right position in the right group, you can get exposure to Microsoft business expertise (even if you're in a technical discipline) that will stand you in great stead in the future
Very good benefit package: medical insurance is grate, membership in the sport club, Microsoft transportation, etc. Training classes frequently given by book authors and other famous people.
The breadth of projects that are happening at any one time is amazing. You have the opportunity to keep moving to different teams all your life and continue to work on amazing products with very sharp people.
There are smart people everywhere. Lots of hard problems to work on. Lots of different products and markets. So, sometime for everyone.
There are no limits as to what you can do/accomplish.
Mentally stimulating and quite challenging work. Extremely smart co-workers. Free software, an abundance of educational opportunities. MS has an army of smart people.
Flexible work schedule, work at home
Microsoft offers a great career path, good training, opportunity to work on different product areas over the course of your career at Microsoft.
I'm definately proud to work at Microsoft. I feel that I have a great work life balance, a manager interested in my career growth and access to the latest and greatest technologies.
There are a lot of positions - plenty of good things to do, but choose carefully. You don't want to get into a position that isn't set up for success.
Benefits, major budgets, smart people
Unparalleled knowledge of selling multiple lines of software, fantastic benefits, great exposure to most of the industry, really smart co-workers, visionary leadership
Lifestyle in Pacific NW is fantastic. Salary/pay is good.
If you are coming to Microsoft directly from school (whether undergrad, grad, or MBA), Microsoft is a good place to gain basic "how things work at a big corporation" skills. Microsoft looks great on a resume, and it's a place that has the financial resources to support projects you want to do (if you can convince your manager to let you do them). Work environment is great (buildings in Redmond/Bellevue are top-notch, free soda, etc), the campus is beautiful, the benefits are excellent, and work hours/location are somewhat flexible (ie you can work from home sometimes if you want)
Great benefits Well respected company Great pay Smart people Flexible work schedule Signing bonus Relocation expenses covered Industry leader Software discount
lot of resources to do your job, great place to learn and grow, lots of opportunities
Interesting and diverse cutting edge legal work, very collegial, smart clients, decent hours, stock options, beautiful campus and scenery, great local community.
Benefits,pay,travel,flexibility ( in the past)
It is a fun environment with lots of smart people. You will be working for one of the best technology companies around today.
* Great Benefits: Still offer all medical and dental without co pays or contributions * Very technology savvy company with lots of free software * Ability to buy company software for family and friends at great discounts * Lots of information to share (if you know where to find it) * Lots of employee surveying each year: Survey results for managers are chance to give direct feedback and results are an important part of leadership success, those with bad scores are put on notice * Great amount of work has gone into career ladders and helping employees and managers understanding what the attributes of success and areas of opportunity are at most levels in job families * Beautiful Redmond campus with many great new buildings. Great commuter alternatives, free bus system and ways to get around the increasingly large campus
- Great insight to the big company - Free drinks :) - Very convenient place to work - Excellent networks - See great lectures - Great benefits and perks
- Challenging work & cool projects - Working with some of the smartest people on the planet - Your work will be used by millions of people - Great pay & perks (proclub, connector bus, best medical coverage on the planet)
Decent salaries given the industry.  Benefits package used to be pretty good, but every year that I worked there they cut a little bit here and there so it isn't what it used to be. That goes for a lot of things.  Free software/discounted software at the company store.  Name on your resume.
Great Benefits and compensation, brand name recognition, cutting edge products that make an impact, internal options, highly visible in any industry they play in
Good benefits. Pays is good. If you stay long enough you can get your own office. Can work with some very smart people.
- Very smart people - Good salary, benefits, etc - The results of your work go practically everywhere (ok, it depends on the group you're in). - Job security, despite the recent rounds of layoffs. - Better work/life balance than let's say 10 years ago.
Great benefits, smart people. Lovely large offices. Reasonable food and drink easily accessible. Nice company store.
- good benefits, good benefits, good benefits - time-off is flexible and good but that is because it is not a startup and no-one really has a fire burning under their arses. personally prefer driven people who drive hard and then after that play hard.
Pay and benefits, infrastructure and tools to do job
Great environment. Almost any job/position/role/technology you want to work on - Microsoft has an product for you to work on. I love my job!
opportunities to move to other projects inside company (not easy but possible). good health plan especially for people with families, gaining experience of shipping software used by many around the world, decent cafeterias, PRO sports club
a lot of teams you could choose to jump if needed, though not many openings in the past 2 years
Exposure to the complexities of innovation vs regulation in an enterprise leader and global company
there are nice training. your peers are usually smart. there are some challenging problems to work with. this place is best for college graduates for the first job.
Working with smart people, working on cutting edge technologies, being able to have big visions and tap into the resources available to make these a reality.
A great place to learn a lot and grow Very talented people to work with. Easy to move across business units and even among career tracks.
- Windows 7++ Best OS in the world! and they let you learn all about it! - Switching groups is easy and there's lot of options: search(bing :( ), gaming (xbox), cloud (azure), OS (windows), mail (hotmail :( ), Apps ( Office)
Lots of hours and hard work but pay is good for Fargo, ND. Benefits are excellent. Most people are good to work with and friendly.
location. Closer location to work in if you live in Redmond. Has tons of cash, so if you happen to be on projects that management likes, resource typically is not a problem.
great benefits, great location, and very resourceful for employees. opportunities to travel and get in contact with various people in the industry
incredible resources, full of smart people, nice atmosphere, plenty of different career opportunities, huge portfolio of products, sustainable long-term business
You really can change the world at Microsoft. The complication is that it has to be in an area that is in favor within the company, otherwise you are doomed to insignificance and continual justification and reductions. Great benefits, some really smart people who are passionate about what they are doing.
Lots of great collaboration, best practices, and innovation. Good/very good compensation, great benefits, good availability of resources like technology and thought leadership.
Microsoft is meritocratic and has a high collective IQ. I was consistently challenged by my colleagues and the place was replete with opportunity to try new things and initiate projects. Microsoft is eager to challenge and engage its employees, and so you can always find interesting things to work on.
Free Soda.. Awesome people! It is intimidating to work with some of the smartest people on the planet.
Great people to work with--the office had a chemistry that made you want to come in and be a team. Never had an experience like it in 15+ years of working corporately. All the Starbucks coffee you could drink. Cadillac health care plan. Pay at the top of the scale, opportunity for 10% bonus to salary every year.
Talented people around you to learn from, great training, great pay and benefits
The benefits are top notch and the pay is competitive. It's important to come in at the right salary level though, as it's difficult to catch up to where you should be through the normal review process.
Great benefits, opportunity to have an impact on millions of customers, location (Seattle), smart, passionate colleagues, smart and focused upper management
Great health benefits, good salary and opportunities for bonuses, well regarded in the industry, free soda, huge customer install base
1. Flexible time off 2. Empowerment 3. Huge customer base 4. Funds usually available for projects. 5. Awesome Benefits
Pay Benefits Work enviroment Get to work on the latest technology
Great opportunity to make a difference in the world. Excellent and knowledgeable coworkers. Great benefits. Excellent opportunity to learn and grow.
Good pay and very good benefits Get to use the latest (MS) technology Good opportunities to change roles every couple of years (but less than before)
Work life balance and pro club
Good challenges at work, knowledgeable dev leads, intelligent collegues and individual office space.
This is one of the best places to work in the SW industry, Talented and awesome coworkers. you get to learn so much from peers
Learn MS tools Mentor flexibile caree path Pay is good flexible work time indepedent office lots of people free drinks
1. Variety of different areas to work on 2. Great benefits 3. Good work/life balance
Excellent benefits, diversity of business unit allows one to move from group to group experiencing different culture without leaving the company
Incredible benefit package, nice offices, cafes, corporate bus to work with WIFI. Loved the annual meeting with employees at the ballopark to see the company's plans. The corporate intranet could have been better, but overall this is a great place to work.
- Access to cool technology - Ability to impact millions of customers - Lots of smart people - Good learning opportunities if you take initiative - Excellent benefits
good benefits, single office, free drink, provide transaportion , good colleague, nice location, good conference room, good sports filelds, free coffee
-Incredible pay -Work for a fair amount of time -Access to the latest and greatest technologies -Able to use any product at any time, anywhere on campus -You have your own personal office or you can choose to work anywhere you'd like as long as your productive -Free services, memberships and more to clubs and unions
Lots of opportunity to advance or grow your career in other directions. Extremely diverse and dynamic workplace - it's not uncommon to overhear conversations spoken in three or four different languages as you walk down a single hallway. Pay and benefits are very competitive. Because the interview process has become extremely demanding over the past five years or so, those who work at Microsoft can feel proud that they work with some of the most qualified people in their industry.
the pay compensation is excellent. You are not burdened with loads of work. easy to get personal time off.
Great place to learn and stay on top of most tech stuff. You work with very smart people.
Great Benefits package (health, health club, 401k match) Flexible work environment You get your own office that you dont have to share with any one else. Reasonable compensation if you are not aspiring to be a high flier. Great co-workers and peers.
Has a ton of great employees and just working here is an awesome learning experience. the sky is the limit for what you can do given that expertese about anything and everything is just an e-mail away. Microsoft is into everything - so you can find someone or other who is an expert about pretty much everything in here. Teh same can be said about what one would like to work on - just pick something and go work on it (ofcourse, after getting interviewed and accepted into the associated team)
Outstanding benefits. Really, the best I've ever gotten. Good work/life balance. 3 weeks of vacation from the start. Work is sometimes interesting.
There was a time when one could truly change the world while working at Microsoft. There was (and still can be) a purpose in the work. The people are great, the benefits are even better.
Great Benefits - some of the best in the fortune 1000 Opportunity - regularly given rewarding roles with significant opportunity to drive significant impact Fun - Being part of an organization that crosses enterprise ready business solutions (Windows Server, SQL, Exchange, Business Solutions) and exciting consumer offerings (Windows 7, XBOX 360, Computer games, etc) keeps things interesting.
- Good pay/perks for the area, job stability. - Not as many long nights as at a startup. - Company has a lot of resources.
Ahead of technological curve, great place to get in touch with latest and greatest
knowledge sharing, resources, good benefits
Microsoft is really a dozen companies in one. Pick carefully, and don't just think "Oh, it's Microsoft." Groups differ greatly in their  If you work for a really well-run group, then you can combine the benefits of working in a 200-person company with the benefits of working in an 80,000-person company. The small group can give a sense of purpose and esprit de corps, while the large company can provide good healthcare, a stable environment, and lots of learning opportunities. Go to the lunch tech talks to learn about the technology underlying other products. Go to MSR to hear about what's going on in the blue-sky research world.  Flexible work hours, an informal attitude towards hierarchy. And the ability to hop around between groups at Microsoft, to work on different technologies without the hassle of having to change companies. If you get a sense of the landscape, know the landscape well, you can avoid most of the Cons listed below.
Working with new MS technology You like the safety of a large Co with few real competitors
Amazing benefits, awesome infrastructure, nice on campus amenities, off campus transportation, large variety of on-campus dining options, nice on-campus health club
Smart and Collaborative Environment - always felt surrounded by competent individuals that were capable of working in teams.
Opportunity to work on a wide range of technologies and products. Working through couple of release cycles on big projects, helps building wide range of skills, essential for shipping a product. Good benefits, lots of trainings, tuition assistance for continuing education.
Smart, energetic people make the environment intellectually stimulating and fun. All of the resources that one needs to do excellent work and pursue new, ground-breaking ideas are in place. I was really impressed with this. Mentorship was also amazing.
Competitive pay package, great health insurance & benefits, lots of little perks, access to cool technology, challenging & interesting workplace, smart & diverse coworkers, employees are encouraged to advance their careers within the company, good training classes, opportunities for promotion (depending on the team you're in)
Great work envirenment, work life balance, oppurtunity to work on many diffrent projects( system level development to distributed systems, web design etc), great to aquire solid technical expreince, seattles a great city to live in
Excellent pay and benefits with a relatively high degree of autonomy if you were responsible in accomplishing your long term objectives.
Working with a lot of really smart and competent people. Chance to work with a huge range of software technologies. Fairly generous corporate policies and benefits.
Work life balance is great. The work is creative and intellectually challenging in nature. Great training and mentoring provided to all employees
- Reasonable salary - Nice summers in Seattle - Lots of opportunities/technologies inside the company - Can grow in an individual contributor or managerial path. - Some extremely talented people
smart people, challenging work, can move around to other opportunities without leaving city or company, free drinks, really good benefits,
Best benefits, smart group of people to work with
Smart team mates Opportunity to change the world
Microsoft has a diverse population of very intelligent people with some wonderful ideas. The products are good and the company does give back to the community.
You can work with lots of smart hard work person. You have lots of chance to work on project across different teams. It has very established process of software development process.
- Lots of opportunities to learn. This is especially good if you are just starting out your career - Given a lot of individual responsibility unlike some other companies - Depending on what you are working. the work can be rewarding as it will have a very wide audience
Lots of resources and interesting technologies. Geared toward younger tech professionals. A good place to spend a few years early in your career.
1. Great benefits 2. Working on products that is used by millions of people. 3. Lots of options on what you want to work on.
Super medical benefits Chance to move to different group after a couple of years. If you work in Redmond this benefit is very very attractive. Lot of smart people You will get your own private office room (you need to wait 1-3 years sometimes). I was lucky to my own office after 6 months and having that privacy was great for focus.
- smart people in lots of places - very good benefits - good salary - career-wise it is clear where to go, not clear how to get there though
Good pay and benefits, good work/life balance on my team, but it depends what team you're on. It still looks good on a resume.
good benefit such as health insurance, sports club, attorney service
Good perks. Free snacks/drinks. Nice campus in Mountain View. Plenty of parking. Challenging, interesting work. I had a good manager that looked out for me, but that may not be the case for everyone.
If good benefits are important to you, Microsoft is a great place to work. But you must be prepared to drink the cool aid.
Excellent work/life balance, excellent overall compensation package. My time spent at Microsoft was thoroughly enjoyable and I would definitely recommend Microsoft as a place to work.  - ability to transition between departments is easy
Good benefits Reputed brand. Easier to get a job in it when compared to Yahoo, Google and Other Great Companies.
Compensation is great Health benefits are good Work can be interesting Microsoft prime cards gave amazing discounts on variety of restaurants
The health benefits are great for families. There are amazing and smart people, some good managers, some good senior managers.
Systems level work done is very good. Liked working on them. That is perhaps only reason why i woudl consider moving back if i ever do.
-- One of the few companies who can actually deliver on a 'promise' of opportunities to move around within the broader organization, based on interests, skills, availability, etc. -- Brand name recognition -- The opportunity to be involved in products and initiatives seen and used around the world. -- Working with smart, dedicated people -- The benefits are, hands-down, the best of any company I've worked for in a 20-year career (as in, no deductible after the initial annual one, pick up your prescription and don't pay a *cent*, chiropractic and therapy sessions all covered, etc., though dental is capped at a relatively low rate) -- Great for hard-charging people who are adept at managing politics, meeting high (often un-stated) expectations, patient in the need to regularly revisit past decisions, thrive in changing environments and who can prioritize on a dime with little information
Great benefits with lot of talented and technical people from all over the world. Very diversified.
It is Microsoft so if the game you work on tanks you will more than likely just move to another team.  Good benefits.  A few good people remain.
Excellent benefits Higher than average compensation Opportunities for professional growth Some teams work on cool technologies Relatively stable company
Pros:  Well known company Customers want to know what you have to say and are genuinely interested The size of the company and the breadth of its products allow for continual growth
Microsoft is a great company to work for, until you get to a level where politics become too common place and you find yourself having to go through artifical exercises of self promotion in order to maintain visibility.
Microsoft takes good care of its interns. Competitive compensation, including relocation, help with rent during your internship, a variety of intern-only field trips, and your choice of commuting benefits: car rental, bike plan (MS pays most of the $$ for a new bike), public bus pass, and wi-fi enables Microsoft commuter buses.  Job satisfaction will depend on which team you are embedded with.
Lots of cool technologies. Many leading products are developed at MS. Some teams value innovation, security and quality, but not all.
The products you work on will be used by millions of people. Employees of Microsoft are very bright and the culture is welcoming.
Medical benefits are the best in the industry.
Amazing managers who really understood that their primary role within a company is not to make themselves look better, but to grow you as a person and as a worker. I had nothing but great experiences working at MS, and still feel a bit of regret in leaving.
Great place to work if you want to progress your career in high-tech. You get to work with really smart people.
Great benefits. Lots of different products to work on.
Microsoft varies immensely from division to division. The core divisions (like Windows, Office, etc) each hire thousands of engineers. You will spend all your time working on some tiny aspect of one big, great product. If you are cool with that, and cool with the idea that ten years from now you'll be doing very similar work for just a little more money than what you now make, Microsoft can be great for you. It is a comfortable big company with good pay. You'll have decent work-life balance most of the time (again that can vary from group to group).
Microsoft is challenging. You will be stretched. You will never be bored. Microsoft offers good pay and excellent benefits. Microsoft belives in training staff, and you will be able to learn new things and develop. Microsoft is huge, so there are always a lot of jobs. If you are the kind of person who likes to transfer internally (after you are in your position a year, that is) then you will find ample opportunity. Microsoft offers an internal mentoring program, which all new employees should take advantage of. Microsoft supports parents, allowing time off. Microsoft is about getting your job done, not about face time in the office. If you want to work 10am - 7pm, fine, as long as you deliver. They also have excellent IT which enable you to work from home. There are a lot of people who work remotely or variations of part-time. Microsoft isn't always an easy place to work, but others will help you. Just ask. Microsoft dogfoods it's tech on employees so things in tech don't always work perfectly. However, you do have cutting edge stuff, which is really cool.
a. Very knowledgeable people. b. Access to technology. c. Excellent benefits. d. Seattle region is beautiful all year round. e. Good diversity.
Excellent benefits- transport, healthcare, work from home, cafeteria Training- numerous great training sessions on messaging, positioning and options to expand
Great place to gain diverse experience with latest technologies and tools, as well as to pursue new techniques and approaches
Resource and investment for doing big things. Smart people work there. Diversity of opportunities within one company. Great benefits and a strong diverse culture.
- Lot of smart people are working there - Nice benefits (medical insurance, Pro Club, parking, etc.) - Corporate matching of gift in money and time - Great place to build your resume if you leave before the 5 yrs mark
The salary is awesome, there are tons of challenging problems to work on such that there is basically "infinite work" - you have to gauge yourself. The weather in CA is beautiful. Everyone that works here are incredibly smart and usually highly motivated. The software Microsoft sells literally changes the world!
Smart people, good opportunities, get to work on interesting projects, great campus, great benefits, ability to move around the world if you so choose
An opportunity to be a part of something big. (Not just in company size, but in the projects they take on.) MS has the resources to invest in cutting edge tech. And, chances are your project/product will impact millions of users.  The culture is pleasantly surreal compared to the rest of the corporate world: (Casual, private offices, diverse, free soda, MS software free for work use and cheap for personal, great buildings and cafeterias.) They make you so comfortable, the line between work and home get blurred.) In general, the people you will work with, regardless of team, are some of the smartest and most job-focused you will meet in your life. Going to any other company after MS will seem like stepping into Mayberry (simpler folk, moving slower).  The benefits package is awesome, I'd guess in the top 1% of all companies. And the non-tangible benefit is an aura of respect you get when outsiders know you as an MS employee (of course, you're thinking: "I'm one of 90,000, what's the big deal?")
Generous salary, ability to travel extensively if so desired. Ability to work from home.
The culture is professional yet relaxed. Generally a strong work ethic. No "clocking in" type culture, more important that your job gets done well and not that you are sitting at your desk at 8.30am every day - if you want to do your job until the wee hours the offices are open 24.7 to you. Relaxed culture, challenging, innovative. Great benefits. Exciting projects - global environment - diversity
Great, smart, friendly people, big company involved in many areas (a pro and a con), excellent benefits.
Despite the naysayers, Microsoft still encourages creativity, ambition and innovation like no other company I've worked for or with. Takes amazing care of employees, fantastic benefits!
cafeteria with subsidized food, beautiful campus in a beautiful city, opportunities to broaden knowledge
The environment is rich in resoures. Benefits are good. Health insurance is outstanding. Very diverse work environment. Good cafeterias, cheap food.
- Great health and other benefits. Everything is covered. - large place, so you can work on many interesting teams, roles and projects across the company - nice facilities
excellent medical insurance, all your family gets covered without penny out of your pocket. majority employee gets his own office.
Very good working environment, supportive managers, very flexible working hours. get real shipped project done. best benefit package in the industry.
flexable work time and great training. working with very smart people who are very good at what they do. good pay
The benefits are the best thing about MSFT. Terrible place for women and minorities
Great people, benefits, work/life balance (if one takes cares of it), unlimited resources either money or headcount), global footprint, installed base of legacy systems (OS and Office)
1) Good benefits 2) Very brilliant people, mostly in the low part of the ladder. 3) Opportunity to move around to other team. (Can be better)
Smart peer group, job security.
Flexible work, okay paystub,benefit is very nice
Work with incredibly smart people, access to advanced technologies and know-how. Ability to create products and features used by literally billions of people worldwide, the ability to have large impact.
1. Strong focus on people development 2. Finance at Microsoft has great programs to recognize exceptional performance 3. Very good opportunities to keep moving wihtin the company from accounting, to audit to business partnership / analysis
Your colleagues are the best! Microsoft gets the best and brightest talent from around the world and puts them in global, cross-functional teams. You will learn cultural differences in business around the world and how to navigate them for a global brand. Very stimulating and great experience.
Great benefits - Drinks, Salary, Flex schedule, Tuition reinburse, Vast amount of books & training  Lots of variety of work in Microsoft, and have opportunity to explore different areas.
Talented workforce and great opportunities for career growth. Opputunities to stay on top of the technology if one knows how to spend the time judiously.
Good benefits. Microsoft has the potential to do better - both in the marketspace as well as internally in terms of culture, values and opportunities for growth and development.
The benefits were decent. The pay for a summer intern is above the industry standard. There is a lot of respect shown towards the work of all employees and interns alike. Everyone is doing real work. No micromanagement at all. I was only told once in the beginning I was kind of expected to be at work from 10 to 4, however, I repeatedly showed up at work at 1 p.m. and there was not a single remark about it. (Of course, it was my problem when I had to work on some weekends to have the work done, but again, nobody was counting when I was working and for how long.) Very open structure, a lot of communication going on (not necessarily a plus for me, but Microsoft is very communication-oriented). Great technology. Everything is optimized. Like, you think it might be a good idea how to improve something: signs in your building, meeting schedule, some internal rules - you send an email, and you immediately get a friendly response, and people start working on implementing your suggestion (or disucssing it) as long as you want it.  Seems to be very fair for reviews, promotions, salary increases, etc.  If you are invited for an on-site interview, you will get reimbursed for everything. You can negotiate another day in the hotel, negotiate where you want to fly from and to, ask for another 5 free taxi vouchers, etc. They don't care what you where for the interview (or when you work there). They don't care if you have a weird haircut or sexual orientation. Only your skills, your passion for technology and for the customers, and your enthusiams matter. A lot of appreciation for the good work you do.
Everything from the hiring process, the on-boarding process to actual work items are all so smooth and clear. Managers are always looking out for career opportunities for you. There are formal mentor programs which help a lot in planning a career. The company meeting is so much fun and motivating and the management is very mature but still so much fun.
Great benefits, huge company with lots of opportunity to grow or change career path, wonderful understanding of work life balance.
In my role, I am empowered to drive change within the organization and can see the impact of my work worldwide. It is very satisfying to see how one's work can have an impact on such a big organization. Management is very open and transparent making it easy to make decisions.
Great benefits, smart people. Almost everyone is trying to do the right thing. Some good opportunities in the entertainment division.
gain some experience on working with large scale software
A good company work, for lots of avenues to show your talent and grow within the compnay.
Potential for rapid growth. Lots of varying areas to work in. Great benefits - especially for families.
The benefits package is excellent. The cafeteria and the free drinks are a plus Some really smart people are still there Choosing the right group to be a member of is extremely important to a person's success and/or happiness within the company
Good Medical and gym benefits. Cheap Microsoft software and the ability to get onto lots of dog food projects. Well structured career
Great benefits and work/life balance are definitely positives. Essentially the perks that make the job worthwhile are top notch compared to most other industries.
Excellent place if you a star coder & game player. Microsoft loves super smart coder. If you can code 12 hrs without stop, Microsoft is still willing to pay big bucks for you.
Diversity, both technically and human-cally, a lot of chances to go around in the company. good benifits and salary. and so on.
Microsoft has excellent benefits and professional development opportunities. If you have a good manager and management chain, job satisfaction will be high. You can still learn a lot about what not to do even when things take a downturn. There are almost always opportunities to learn and grow even when the political winds change direction.
There are no stupid people to deal with. The work is interesting. It has a fast-pace environment. There is always something new to learn, and a new challenge just around the corner.
Work with smart, talented people Opportunities for multiple roles within the company Well respected company Products impact people around the world
work with smart people good benefits
It is a large, internationally recognized corporation. It possesses a market leadership position across the software industry (and generally across the computer/IT related technologies).
Great training and mentoring programs. A fabulous company to start your career. Excellent benefits and good starting salaries. Brand recognition. If you want to work for the biggest and the best, Microsoft is the place to be.
Your experience here is well recognized outside of the firm Can switch jobs every 2-3 years
A lot of high quality people. tons of projects that you can choose to work on. . . . . . . ..
decent benefits potential to grow The higher position, the easier your life enjoy the life
Great health plan and other perks, you get to work on very high profile projects, flexible working hours (somewhat), great company store
Great benefits. A lot of smart people. Good to start a career and learn.
First: it has some great benefits. The Health Insurance is top notch, and these days that is really important. It also has a number of morale events, the campus is really good (especially with the latest additions), you most probably will have your own office, there are free pop and Starbucks coffee, and it is fairly easy to get equipment. The payment is good as well. In addition, depending on which division or team you land, you may find a great work environment, that will allow you to make your best work and work with some great people, and have reasonable working hours.
Microsoft has excellent pay and benefits. Some of the smartest people in the world work there and you get to learn and grow from being around them.
Great benefits and pay (100% medical coverage), good work facilities, opportunity to work on cutting edge technology, real responsibilities, job security
All subject to change: Free sodas, milk and machine made coffee. Medical is still relatively good. Still a few really good people there. Lots of product teams to work for. Pay is relatively good – depends on what you do.
Generally smart people, although not the smartest Excellent benefits Flexible hours, no micro-managements
Travel and opportunity to meet different businesses
Microsoft offers great and diverse career opportunities. The Business Group I supported is led by seasoned Microsoft technology leader, whom I believe offer work/life balance with very high expectations for exceptional performance against agreed upon commitments.
You can make all the difference you want.
Great facility to work in, fabulous benefits, especially Pro Sports Club, working with extremely smart and motivated co-workers, an interesting mix of products to work on, a flexible work schedule.
Management's focus on hiring and keeping the best employees and helping to grow their careers. Great benefits and work environment! Beside the free drinks, showers & towels, 2 bike tune-ups per year, there is also group & company-wide moral events. Great benefits: no co-pay for health care including no co-pay for emergency room visits or on meds.
Benefits at Microsoft are fantastic, and they really know how to take care of their employees. There are virtually endless internal opportunities.
Extremely good benefits Access to internal resources for help and technology and future software versions Lots of career development directions and options Can transfer internally to wide variety of teams working on different products (sort of like a job change, but without losing your seniority) Capable management and excellent financial and competitive position keeps company solid
Excellent benefits, opportunities to do big things.
As long as you stay on the technical track, it is still one of the best companies to work for in the world.
Great benefits, many smart people, and once you build trust can set your own goals and define your own role.
Smart people, global perspective, challenging work environment
Lots of opportunity and resources. Pays well and a lot of smart people are colleagues. Great benefits. Excellent technology and business savvy.
Microsoft is a great place to work if you want to gain lots of experience working within a large group dynamic. The benefit package is very good and is a reason many people with families find it hard to leave.
-worklife balance is encouraged -great benefits and perks -nice community of people -eco-friendly -good pay -lots of opportunity to experience different roles and businesses
Microsoft has all the resources necessary to win in the market, and you're surrounded by some of the brightest people in the world. It's like having all the smartest kids in the class in the same stadium, all wildly waving their hands in the air so they get called on next.  But seriously, it is a great place to work for a while if you like a challenge and the opportunity to do something with huge numbers and impact.
Good benefits and pay are the only reasons many stick here
It pays the bills and it feels great to work for a company that cares about the world around us
Great benefits Smart people Interesting work Flexible work hours Latest technology
Unbelievable accumulation of highly motivated people High caliber colleagues Sheer scale of people/businesses you can impact
diverse work, opportunity to learn in the right circumstances, flexible hours
Work with smart people Great benefits Good salary Move between groups if you have the right skillset Good Career growth & promotion opportunity
good work-life balance, great benefits, multiple tracks to get promoted
Great benefits, resources and training opps. Work with really smart people and have lots of opportunities to try new things.
Microsoft is great place to quickly learn a whole bunch of skills with little direction. There are many capable engineers to give you a lending hand.
There are some really cool technologies to work on, and generally a very casual atmosphere. Also, for now, the pop is still free.
Excellent opportunities to learn, and many different products to choose to work on. Changing to a different team is generally not discouraged.
- The people I am working with are really smart and friendly. Everyone trusts each other and every employee is given the freedom to express their ideas and determine their approach to a problem. This also applies for interns like me. There is no seniority at Microsoft. The individual contributors, the leads, the managers, and the leadership all have their own unique roles within the company and they respect each other. - My manager is my best mentor. He is not a person who tells me what to do. But he is a person who tells me do what I think is the right thing to do, and if along the way I encounter problems or become frustrated, my manager is there to give me supports, both technically and mentally. - The work processes at Microsoft are highly structured and very well thought. Schedules are planned very far ahead in great details that the product can be released on time with a strict quality bar. The processes and the logistics of the processes are communicated really well to the employees to websites, wikis, and shared documents that are easily accessible. - There are tons of communication going on in the company. Each of us has instant messaging client on our machine (Office Communicator) and we chat with each other on daily basis. We also send emails like crazy, which is much better than not knowing what others are doing. - The salary is well beyond the average salary in regular tech companies. The salary for an intern is also well beyond my expectation. - Managers are required to give assessment of performance of the employees. In turn, employees are supposed to give assessment of performance of the manager. This creates a positive feedback loop in the company, and everyone learns from each other. We also review each other's code and each other's design document, in order to help each other improve. - We have no work hours. We only need to get done with our work, and that's it. It's up to us whether we want to work 9am-5pm, 11am-7pm, 7am-3pm, or working from home, etc. Things just have to get done. - We get tons of benefits and free sodas. - The diversity in Microsoft is amazing. Tell me one race, ethnicity, or religion, and I can always find a Microsoft employee that has the chosen characteristic. It's surprising even to me how much I feel at home at Microsoft.
Benefits are outstanding. the technolgoy is cool you can change jobs easilly and it is even encouraged the campus is comfortable everybody has an office
Microsoft is like Pleasantville, everyone is smart and tech-savvy and the life is enviable. The pay is solid (esp given the relatively low cost of SEA-TAC) and the benefits astounding.
It's a fast paced intellectual organization. Due to the size of the company there are always positions open providing great opportunities for advancement.
Opportunities to work in multiple domains over a period of time Great access to latest software and tools Great learning opportunities Great benefits
Good pay and very good package Working for a leading software company, sort of...
Fantastic products. Great to work on stuff that's recognizable by just about everyone in the world. Many people there are great to work with.
Benefits are great! Campus/location/offices all nice! Depending on what group you're working with it can be good.
Microsoft has great perks and benefits. If you take advantage of them. Some (depending on your job) opportunities to increase your education and your resume. All the soda you can drink.
The health benefits are really good. If you work in Redmond, there are lots of opportunities for growth. In satellite locations, choices are more limited.
Great benefits. Many internal opportunities make it possible to change jobs without leaving the company. Nice physical environment (offices, campus, etc.). Smart people (who frequently behave like idiots).
Good quality of life, with beautiful campus, offices, nice cafeterias, etc. Other employees are very smart and hard working. Impactful projects - lots of people use Office, etc..
One of the best reason for working at Microsoft is that you get to use the latest Microsoft technologies. As a SDET you will have a resonponsibility to build tesing framework, which at some cases you will write more code than your developer peer. Heath benefit is awesome I haven't paid a dime for my health.
You'll learn a lot in your first 2 years. Working is very flexible, lots of smart people around to help you grow.
Microsoft is a huge company with strong benefits and, in theory, involved in every area of the software market. The company still has very competitive pay and reasonable job security, even considering the layoffs. It has endless resources for growth (see cons), including a big library, conferences, training etc. The company can really invest in you and you can see the dividends of this investment in your work.
it's hard to deny that microsoft is a great place to work. i feel they treat their top performers fairly and have excellent benefits.
Incredible potential for reach-back into a strong organization with a very passionate group of developers behind all the products you love.
It is a big company and has different areas that people can work on. The benefit is first class (at least for now).
Benefits are simply great. Managers seem to be given the mandate to treat employees with respect, no matter how much they are faking it. If you are not happy at your job, you are given all the support in the world to move to a new role.
Flex time, telecommuting, I had a great manager who understood need for challenges. The division I worked for was an awesome bunch of people who liked to party.
1) Best place to learn about new Microstf technologies hands-on. 2) Challenging but full-filling tasks. 3) Awesome benefits and perks. 4) Has a lot of resources and training support.
Microsoft is a great place to work and has a very well defined process to get things done to ship products. Feature work is tracked and scheduled just like all other work. Dev, Test and PM work together to deliver a feature to the product and eventually - customers.
You can work with smart people on challenging problems. If your capable AND happen to be on the right team with the right manager, your contributions can be recognized and well rewarded.
- Very good benefits - Flexible work hours (actually depends on your manager) - MS is like a school, education support is really high
(1) Good Benefits (2) Lot of opportunities to switch among groups (3) Cool Technology and lot of exciting new opportunities
A great place to learn how to work cross-team, because nothing gets done in a vacuum -- you MUST be able to get other people onboard. You also get to work with some of the best and brightest minds in technology, and make great connections.
Best reason, bar none, is getting to work with/around a plethora of equally smart driven people which drives you even harder to succeed.
Benefits were great, surrounded by knowledgeable people who love their job.
Great benefits and lots of opportunities to dive into all that is Microsoft and the view points that abound there.
Health benefits are still above average. Many different products and projects that makes easy to change focus without moving to another company. Good resources for career development if you find time.
It's an industry leader, with stability and great health benefits. There are some very good people who work there (though not enough).
* Big company means lots of career opportunities. * Great benefits program for you and your family. * Depending on the Team, work/life balance is possible. * Lots of smart people to work with and to compete against.
Great benefits, good work life balance
The brand name Microsoft is huge! There are very few such names that one gets to work with. Also, there is a place for almost any speciality in MS.
Best benefits package know Pride in company and corporate citizenship
1. Working on hard problems that impact people's lives. 2. Benefits, especially 100% medical coverage. 3. Great training program. 4. Management assigns a task and gets out of the way allowing me to do it how I feel is best.
People (smart, engaged, hard-working), Opportunity (career growth, personal development, multiple businesses, defined career ladders), and Impact (your work will touch millions!)
Working with smart and focused professionals on interesting technology
Challenging work environment, great benefits, good promotion possibilities. This is a rapidly changing work environment. I think that's a positive, but some might consider it a con. If you're into MS technology, what better place to work.
- Benefits - Work-life balance - variety of technologies and business group to chose from - presence around the world
Lots of smart people, vast array of projects and products to work on, great rewards for delivering.
There are lots of pros at MSFT. You can have three or four careers without leaving a 20 square mile radius. There are lots of smart people. -Great people
Working at Microsoft is all that everyone says that it is and more. They take care of their employees and are fair with salary.
Great opportunities to make a difference both for internal as well as external projects. Great opportunities to 'dogfood' the latest and greatest products. Outstanding benefits.
Great benefits, opinions respected among colleagues, flexible work hours
Microsoft creates software and services used throughout the world - it's great to feel that you have an impact on that.
Great benefits, smart people, career opportunities. They know what they're doing as far as enterprise applications. Nice work environment.
Abilitiy to grow your career is a very compelling reason to be working at Microsoft. Ability to work with other amazing software engineers allows for a great learning experience.
Intelligent people, great work flexibility (telecommuting, touch-down site in Seattle), pay, interesting work challenges, emphasis on learning and growing, benefits.
Technically very inspiring. Great focus on individual contributers. Great professionalism of keeping solutions simple. Great principle of ship it fast, improve it fast.
Brand name on the resume, outstanding benefits, interesting work
technologies, you can move around when you are bored with what you are doing, benefit
so many product groups present in Microsoft and you can try different groups and grow. Great medical benefit.
Benefits are good. Flex hours/ tele commute. Many groups and many teams to move around if needed. Cool products to work on.
Microsoft is a wonderful company to work for. The people there are intelligent, passionate and the culture is open and encouraging. The solutions and products really do make a difference to the people and businesses that use them. The risk/reward culture encourages innovation and exceptional efforts.
- many resources available to help get job done and for personal growth both in the variety of positions available and the people to talk with, tools, etc. - motivated co-workers genuinely trying to do best for the customers
At Microsoft you get to work with really smart people. In addtion it is a truly diverse workplace. I have colleagues from Russia, Denmark, Columbia, and Poland working wth me. It is super to have people from different backgrounds and slightly different perspectives, working together. Third Microsoft is the only company that is involved in so many different technology related businesses, and looking to solve a broad span of difficult technology problems. This allows one to follow their passions without having to change employers. Finally although on the outside Microsoft is percived as arrogant, and a monopolist, from the inside, the atmosphere is different. It is more of an underdog mentatliy.
Microsoft has some of the best talent in the world, very smart, competent and technical co-workers. The pay is good, the benefits unmatched by any other employer I know of or could find at glassdoor. The campus is pretty, our tools and equipment excellent. The company has a career plan for all disciplines and formal evaluation reviews in an honest effort to improve people management and reward distribution. Our products reach millions of users and power most companies of all sizes around the world. Microsoft is fiscally conservative and relatively prudent on investments. If you want to learn how a massive company can be managed, it is a good place to work.
Working at MSR is very demanding but very rewarding. You work with incredibly smart people, you are given an array of opportunities to learn and interact with all aspects of the research division and the whole company, the tech talks are great -- every day there are a few invited talks on all sorts of topics, the atmosphere is very comfortable (e.g. no overload with meetings), you set your own goals, agenda, and what you want to accomplish.
Lots of opportunities/choices in roles careers
The people they employ are very smart and interesting, therefore making the workplace environment fun and challenging
Great products, good people, great benefits, amazing variety of opportunities within the company
Name recognition, healthcare benefits, internal training and ultimately incredible softskill training as well. Microsoft truly offers terrific career advancements and produces superior management training skill sets.
Fabulous benefits, opportunities to diversify your exeperience into numerour groups and adundant financial resources.
breadth of product portfolio, lots of smart people, global reach
-great benefits package for families -relatively stable compared to other tech companies even in this climate -pay is decent
Training and technical skill development are generally encouraged during your entire career. So if you are the type of person who is always looking to improve your technical skillset, it's as good a place as any for this. Other good points are that the people surrounding you are going to be some of the smartest minds on the planet. This is not an exaggeration. Because of this, on the job training at Microsoft is looked at by most other companies as a very valuable commodity. Indeed, I've had other employers head hunt me strictly based on my experience at MS without even bothering to ask me tech questions in the interviews.
Pockets of the company have outstanding thinkers and technologists. Opportunities still exist to work on influential and complex products. The benefits are gold plated. Work life balance is hit and miss, depending on group and point during dev cycle.
Nice facilities, good benefits, large scope with projects, tend to be very forward looking, strong product mgmt orientation
You're working on innovative techonology.
amazingly talented and smart people, company really invests in its employees (development, benefits), unparalleled breadth of career opportunity
Good pay and relative stability in a weak economy. Strong benefits package, particularly family health insurance.
-Great name to be on the resume -Great products and smart people to work with -Flexible working hours and private working space
High level of compensation, flexible schedule, jovial workplace
The office environment was great. Between free food and drinks, plenty of individual office space, and good cafeterias with healthy meal choices, it was always a pleasure to come to work. Additionally, the flexibility of wardrobe and working hours made it feel like a real software company
Plenty of different things go on there. From software products to Hardware products. Along the HW products side, like the Xbox, there are full low level SW tasks for SW dev types to upper level design stuff (e.g., user interface,etc.) ... a full range where a person can learn and grow into. Similar things with hardware designers. Can work with state of the art CPUs and GPUs to low level controllers ... again a large space to pick work from. Also exposure to products that are produced in the millions per year. Not many places to work that provide the experience with things on that scale.
Great benefits, talented people, known world class company, free drinks, private offices, amazing campus, fantastic HR team, world-class products.
Free soda. Mostly a comfortable work environment. They usually don't skimp on hardware.
Solid, stable company. Hey, in this economy, that's nothing to sneeze at. The impression that I have is that (in spite of the layoffs) that's still more or less the case. As an intern I found that the company policy was very open towards interns -- I was surprised and impressed at the knowledge available to me and the trust placed in me.
Benefits, strong stable company that offers many diverse opportunities
Phenomenally great people, solid benefits, opportunities to work with innovative new products and experience most aspects of working for a start-up, really great and innovative products ...yet many fall flat or never lift off because of poor execution (see downsides), no question, having Microsoft on your resume still carries solid respect in the market.
Lots of smart individuals and great benefits
Lots of smart individuals and great benefits
benefits and opportunity to work on global issues company truly cares about the people of the world and how to help
The range of roles and projects that you get to work on it vast. Very interesting work is done, but it also depends on which team/group you are in. My work in Microsoft IT was very interesting and rewarding. The compensation is at par with other competitors. The benefits make up for the at par compensation and put it above other competitors.
Benefits, level of responsibility you have, working with mostly sharp people
Spectacular benefits. Do you know those explanation of benefit forms that your insurance company sends you? The kind that lists how much your eligible for paying out of pocket? They're all $0 at our house.
Great benefits. You get to work with very smart people.
Talented people, massive user bases for our products, hard problems to solve, good infrastructure for developers. Opportunities to be a lead if you want to. Microsoft employees take criticism very seriously and respond to it.
Good benefits, smart people. Opportunity to work on products used by large audiences.
The pay is one of the highest in the software industry. You work with a lot of very smart people. There is a fairly high level of autonomy in most positions. You are expected to get your work done on time and with a minimum of hand-holding.
Smart people, interesting work, ability to impact millions of customers, top notch benefits, good work/life balance, virtually unlimited potential for career growth.
Great benefits. Good pay. A fair amount of autonomy though not nearly as much as when I first started in 2000.
Great benefits, surrounded by lots of raw intellect, individual offices. Virtually unlimited resources.
Connector Bus taking you to/from work. A generally open-door policy about communication. Self-critical culture always trying to get better.
Variety, benefits, innovation ability in a lot of different areas. If you are a computer geek, here is like being in a candystore for a six year-old. There are lots of opportunities if you keep your eyes open, but the first and foremost skill that you need to develop for your career is the ability to build the classing large corporation "street smarts". In every large entity your network, who you know and whose protege you are counts. Microsoft is no exception. There are still lots of opportunities for pure software geniuses, but some minimum amount of human interaction ability is required.
good pay - great benefit - good work life balance.  culture to share knowledge is excellent.  I worked at MSFT for 6 years and loved it. I would work there again in a heartbeat. Very relaxed environment with focus on getting the job done right rather than management crap.  You are rewarded for your hard work and ability to change culture, products, and customer experience at Microsoft.  Annual cash and stock bonuses provide motivation to work hard.  Ability to tele-commute or work from home is excellent.  Microsoft please get that stock back up in this economic rough spot. Please! Please!
It's a great company, and great for your resume. The opportunity to do something with lots of impact is fantastic. Great pay and benefits. Lots of smart people from all over. Company picnic is also great for the family. Some teams have too much process. The entertainment team, where I work, is pretty good. It's great to start your career here, work for 5 years or so, and go off to start your business.
Massive brand name recognition. Lots of learning opportunities, challenging projects, brilliant co-workers and of course a resume builder. The breadth of opportunities at Microsoft is unparalleled. From Operating Systems, Compilers/IDE's, Games, Hardware, Web Services, Office tools these guys have done it all. There is something for everyone there.  Also the benefits are really good as compared to others.
The benefits at Microsoft are very well outlined in all reviews. 1) The employees are extremely smart 2) I have yet to meet another employee who doesn't pull his or her weight. This is not the case at other companies I've worked at. 3) Recognition is really good within my group. I've read comments that this isn't always the case but I haven't encountered it. 4) The benefits are absolutely amazing
There is a significant amount of freedom at Microsoft, you can do whatever you want regardless of what your boss says. Don't worry about getting lunch, it is on the house! On tuesdays there is always free bagels with your starbucks coffee.
Strong, financially stable, not going anywhere.
Microsoft is highly entrepreneurial in nature. Which means each team makes it's decisions autonomously, at least at the GM level. The people who do well at Microsoft, pretty much think of their job or group as their own company/business. To that extent, there is a reasonable amount of empowerment as long as your key stakeholders are aligned as well.The benefits are pretty good (especially medical, dental's not so good). Most people respond pretty quick and try to help out as much as possible.
A challanging environment with significant opportunity for advancement and recognition. Management generally is very supportive with regard to its personnel practices.
Benefits are great and work/life balance is excellent.
I like the health club benefit at Pro Club. I can exercise and keep myself healthy.  I like that I enjoy my work very much, and the environment makes me want to come into the office. The people are energetic and often go-getters.  The education classes, and on the job training allow an employee to develop and make significant contributions to the company and team.  The technology in the office is great for productivity. IP connected phones to Office Communicator ,my laptop. and phone makes it easy to communicate in the office.  I feel at my job right now, I can accomplish many of my professional goals, and rotate to different areas of the company and different offices around the world.
It comprises a large and interactive community of employees. For example, there are hundreds of mailing lists that allow people to get together for various activities, from sports on the campus to external work meetups. There are also many high quality and smart people (at least in Research). I'm not that certain about the density of smart people in other departments however. The campus is also pretty nice.
The ability to make career changes. In smaller companies a person can be pigeon holed into a given role whereas at Microsoft one can move from role to role, often across disciplines if one is able to show good results constantly. A big reason that I am proud to work at Microsoft is also the company’s commitment to supporting good causes, which includes generous 1:1 matching for charitable donations, and Microsoft even pays $17/hour to charities where the employees volunteers time. It makes me happy to know that a good portion of our profits goes to make the world a better place, even though for financial reasons I am not able to work directly in a charitable organization.
Microsoft has a fantastic benefits package, and if you are either an account executive or a code-writing developer, you are treated very well. Microsoft does have some entrepreneurial areas and 'start-up' like environments, all within the safety of a Very Big Corporation.
If you are in a good group and have a good manager, Microsoft can be a great place to work. Newly formed product groups especially have a fun 'start up' atmosphere with a lot of cross-discipline collaboration and everyone working together to get the job done. Full-time employees get very good health insurance. Cafeteria food is good and there is a reasonable variety, though as with anything it does get old after a while. The various campuses are generally nice and most of the buildings have enough windows to avoid the feeling of working in a basement. Depending on which group you are in, you may get to work on interesting new products. Most managers are extremely flexible with regard to the time of day you work. Working attire is essentially "come as you are."
Great benefits including medical (e.g. unlimited mental health sessions, no co pay, etc), dental, vision, etc. Cutting edge technology, relatively more stable than other multi-national tech companies, options for lateral movement within the company, variety of training options (although you might be challenged to find the time to attend it), culturally diverse company, great office facilities, opportunity for international placement (you'll have to interview for it like any other job but there are options), and mostly...working with really smart and motivated people.
Salary, compensation packages, access to new products.
New technology, you get chance to work on latest things that's not out in market yet. Best people
The access to a huge amount of resources (smart people, software, training, etc.). The benefits are good as well. Full coverage on health and dental benefits. Free juice, pop, and other beverages. There is a lot of history at the company and a chance to make a huge impact witih the hands on jobs. This is something to be proud about.
Microsoft looks good on the resume, and I still think it's an attractive place for a new graduate to work. They can learn strong principles of software development and make a good living as well.
Good compensation package, especially for highly qualified employees.  There is also an opportunity to work on incredible projects that are used by literally billions of people. You can still change the world working at Microsoft.  It is an incredible rush to work with so many insanely smart and driven people.
Smartest people I have ever worked with --bar none. Good relationships with customers and partners. Interesting work and not a lot of micromanagement -- at least not in my current role. Interesting travel. Benefits are outstanding.
1. Cool technologies to develop. 2. Great impact though technologies. 3. Very smart people to work with. 4. Great benefits.
Work environment is laid back. Focus is put on your completing your work, and not when (hours of the day) you do it. Great compensation.
Huge company involved in nearly every aspect of computer technology so lots of opportunity to get into other groups and work on interesting stuff. Stable, cash rich company means some safety in troubled economy.
Variety of work that you can do. If you want to work on something completely different, it is super easy to make a shift. In fact you re encocuraged to move around.
Microsoft is still the leader in many of the most important markets even if its influence is declining.
Benefits, Security, many brilliant people
Microsoft is a cutting edge company that is not afraid to expand its horizons or move into new areas of software development. Largely the management staff treats employees fairly and takes the annual review seriously. Valid and reasonable attempts are made at constructive criticism with an emphasis on growth paths, including education. If you approach your manager that you would like to advance your career he or she will likely make an effort to find a path for your to succeed. If they feel that you are not ready yet, specific areas for improvement will be indicated so that you can work towards your goal.
Great company and great people, great products. It pays well. Safe place to stay put and learn in these tough times. They have broad range of products that you one can choose and learn. Great career growth opportunities. Family friendly atmosphere. They are technically innovative company with eagerness to invest in newer markets either organically or through acquisition. Very professionally managed place.
New projects and teams and work
1) Knowledge transfer and education 2) Company benefits 3) The people in product teams are enthusiastic and positive about the products. Microsoft is a great company to work for if you are trying to improve your resume and develop thought leadership within a typical vertical industry.
The best reason to work at MSFT is to gain some initial job experience
Benefits, large scope of job opportunities. If you get on the right track w/good mentors, you can move overseas and usually find your way back to Redmond. I like the casual atmosphere and relatively flat organization.
Benefits, Job Security, Ability to move around different part of the organization, Ability to work in virtually any part of technology
Microsoft has by and large smart people. You will spend your day interacting with them, and they in turn will stretch you. People are passionate about what they work on, are vocal about it, and you will like most of your colleagues. Great access to information across the company - from other teams to the library and Microsoft Research. It is also a great place to experience different kinds of technology and you can move with relative ease across the company. Benefits are amazing. Work-life balance is highly possible. The culture is in general very inclusive.
Best benefits anywhere, smart and motivated coworkers. And free soda.
Smart People, Good Benefits, Fast Pace. There is always a big challenge opportunity for those who want to excel.
People to work with, compensations, benefits, informal working environment
Excellent medical insurance. Employee Stock Purchase Program.
Lots of interesting technology. Great name recognition. Medical benefits are the best I've seen. Overall compensation is pretty good, though the stock value has not been going well, even before the economic down turn. A lot of smart and passionate people. Microsoft is doing a better job with career tracks for the various disciplines.
Great benefits - extremely good healthcare plan, club membership, ride share, store, facilities. If you can handle intense politics and leave your conscience at home AND are concerned about rising healthcare costs, Microsoft is a good pick as an employers
Online advertisement industry is very attractive, and aQutive is the leader in this industry. Great product and market execution. Good company overall. That's probably why they got bought by microsoft, although they lost quite a few major clients after that aquisition.
* Super smart people * Chance to work on something that will impact millions of people * Excellent benefits (the best I've heard of from everyone I've talked to) * Ability to have many careers in the same company without giving up your seniority, benefits, stock, etc.
Ability to move around different roles, projects, groups, jobs. Microsoft has so many projects and business groups that one can easily find a job or role that you like.  There are also many bright people at Microsoft that you can learn from.  Benefits at Microsoft are also top notch, especially for those with families.  The company also is fairly flexible with work life balance and gives employees a lot of freedom to set their own schedule. In other words, there is very little micro management done at Microsoft and the attitude is more along the lines of manage your own schedule, just make sure what needs to get done gets done.
Decent starting salary. Great benefits. Great retirement plan. Lots of extra learning possibilities.
The technical people here are exceptional. I've worked with leaders and pioneers in my field much earlier in my career than I could have hoped to. I also like the breadth of products that Microsoft builds, so the freedom to move from product to product as my career grows is valuable to me. My coworkers across the company are also a great resource - I've learned a lot about several Microsoft products in great depth thanks to help from my coworkers. The perks are also great - free health care, a great gym membership, lots of paid time off, and of course living in the pacific northwest.
Prestige. Having interned at a such renowned company makes it much easier to atleast land an interview for any other cs related job.  They attract great talent from all over the world. No matter how smart you are, you will definitely meet people like you and even better, being able to learn and gain experience from them.
1) Benefits - good legal coverage, best in the business medical, dental and vision benefits, excellent benefits from Seattle area businesses (and other top US wide consumer businesses)  2) Pay: good pay, great stocks if you have been with MS when times were good, decent YOY increments  3) Lateral moves: easy to move across teams, lots of start up like teams and then there are SQL, Windows, Office teams etc.  4) Passion for MS products: if you are like me who grew up using MS products you'll love this place. However you need to know how to play the game.
Interesting problems to solve, Most ICs are smart and good to work with, good salary & benefits
The Benefits are outstanding, the pay is competitive, and the prestige behind the company name opens a lot of doors. It's a very exciting place to work, if you're on the right team, because of the unique mix of cutting edge hardware and software.
There are many opportunities for movement both vertically and horizontally. The company is working on almost every kind of software you can think off from health management systems to GPS navigation to CRM. It is great to work at a firm where software is put first. There benefits are excellent especially the health benefits, free drinks at work and great commuter services including free Seattle Metro bus passes.
Incredibly smart people as peers. Terrific benefits...fully paid healthcare (no premiums and no deductibles). Flexible work arrangements and respect for people's schedules. Seattle area is a great place to live and raise a family. More than any other company I've worked at, you have real chance to move around / try new things as you progress. Financial resources are unparalleled...if you have a good idea and can convince management of your thinking....you can secure funding / headcount to implement. There is a strong respect for individual opinion at MS...people are encouraged to speak up if they have a point to make without regard for hierarachy.
Microsoft is a stable company financially with great benefits and there are a variety of roles within software.
They are in business today and likley to be tommorow
A great company built to last with sustainable market advantages for decades to come. A company full of smart people who are never satisfied and always seeking to build the best products for consumers. It's a great culture, which will adapt to any change (even the current economy).
Company treats their employees really well.  Good name brand, and stable career. If you ever want to switch out of the company, other employers will look at the Microsoft brand with praise.  Pays above average. The cost of living in the Washington area is not too high either.  The area is really nice in the summer. You will have access to the mountains and lake.
Access to incredible number of resources. MS is one of the best companies to work for in the World!
Working with new technology. Learning how to do engineering at a large scale. Also it opens a lot of doors for future employment. Very flexible with hours. Very much about getting quality work done and not caring about how long it take to get that work done. So that can be good or bad depending on how you work.
they have wonderfrul medical and dental benefits. Microsoft is also a very secure place to work and for those who are into a safe employers without weath generation will find working at Microsoft satisfying. The other great thing about Microsoft is that one can move around the company into new areas and learn several different business throughout their career at the company. Most of the people at the company are also fairly intelligent.
Building up resume, Working on products which are used by millions of customers, Some respect and honor from its legacy, Job security, Benifits,
You constanly work with the latest Microsoft technologies. You have hundreds of product groups that you can interview with to find one that you very interested in. You work with smart people for the most part. So you can grow professionally unlike any other place.
Smart people, great benefits, and really interesting work if you're on the right team. If you succeed there's good money in it. Product launches can be a lot of fun and there can be great team camaraderie if you get in with the right group. Choose where you work carefully. Being technical, even in non-technical assignments, is a huge help. You get exposure to people places and things that you might not in other places and it paves the way for whatever you want to do post Microsoft. You'll learn skills that you will take with you whatever you do next.
Job stability, fun products, pay is OK, lots of talented people, free pop and tea keeps you energized. For those living near, free transportation.
Lots of opportunity to move around and work in different teams, disciplines, on different types of products. Knowing that you impact millions of people worldwide with your work. Flexible work environment. Smart colleagues. Good salary and benefits.
smart, drive, passionate co-workers--really the best and the brightest with only a few laggards
Microsoft was one of the greatest places to work in this industry as you got to work alongside great people and solve difficult problems for the entire world. There are only a few companies that you can work at that truly make a difference in everyone's lives.
Great benefits, good pay, many other perks.
It's a great place for anyone who is passionate about technology. MS has such a wide variety of products - web, consumer products, developer products, desktop apps used by millions, etc. Very few companies provide such wide array of opportunities.
The health benefits are great. Being able to shut the door and concentrate on what you're working on is a big plus for many. The atmosphere among QA/Devs in the MSTV group was always professional. I had several different managers over the course of the 5 years I was there and I felt they were helpful in career advice / planning and gave honest reviews. Excellent internal discussion lists allow you to chime in and discuss products / issues across the company.
For me, I enjoy the products, which encompass everything from Xbox games, PC hardware products to commercial software. From a supply chain perspective, you can very easily be exposed to many different environments. The products, combined with the global footprint, fast-moving environment, and many intelligent coworkers make it a great place to work. Additionally, managers are very flexible with working hours and working from home.
Reward for good efforts. Compensation package is tied to great performance. Very flexible place to work and only work out put matters, not how many hours slogged.
Benefits package is great, especially if you have a special needs kid. Pay is very comparable to other companies, and if you have been around for a few years in a higher level above L63, your annual stock grant chunks and bonus add nicely to your base pay. You work on something, and you have all the latest and greatest tools at your fingertips with a tremendous amount of bright people around you. The campus is a fun place to work especially in the new buildings, and the sports fields are a nice touch.  Over the years work life balance has gotten much much better. Changing to "Career stage profiles" for how you track your career growth through different disciplines is still controversial, but much better than some old word doc called a "ladder level guide" that was obscure prone to interpretation issues. This new way helps new employees have a baseline with examples of technical, customer connection, soft skills and teamwork, and other categories for what is expected.  Free drinks does not make a job "better", but from what I remember they were a trend setting starting this practice a long time ago and many dot-coms also did this and bested it with free food to boot. We still have full fridges on each floor, nice to have and you really take it for granted if you have been around for a while.  Mentors are everywhere and we have a formal mentor program that has worked well for me and many others that I know. Regardless of your tenure or experience, I think many benefit from the ability to pick a mentor and get unbiased advice as an ear to listen to your questions.
The opportunities that the company provides to move up and to move laterally. It also great to be working around new technologies that will make an impact in the world.
New and challenging work. Technology keeps changing as products get released and new work come in. Working on the future most of the time. Excellent environment to work in. Flexible timings and nobody minds what you do with your time as long as you get things done. Leads and Managers are highly capable and have intimate knowledge of the work their team is doing. Test teams do a good job in ensuring the quality of the product. The amount of code written is huge and most of the times surpass the amount of development code in the product. PM, SDE, and SDET work in harmony and respect each other's roles and work done and I have never seen finger pointing any time during my stay here. I have my own office and brilliant machines to work with along with a very friendly group of people around me. What more do I want?
I love working for Microsoft. It's the best job I've had. I'm a high-performer, and have been well compensated for it. I've owned my own company, and have held leadership positions in a variety of different types of orgs and can truly say that, on balance, it's awesome.  Smart, talented people. Fantastic benefits. Great to have stock grants versus options (particularly given the market). Good work/life balance especially if you have a family. High degree of freedom to define your role, and manage your own business as a 'field' employee (versus Corporate).  If you understand how big organizations work, and know how to navigate them, you'll do well here. Where people fall down is assuming they can change the organization without really understanding how it works first.
Unmatchable opportunity for worldwide impact, generous benefits and pay, mostly performance-based evaluation. If you are very good at what you do, Microsoft is a great place to be - you will be rewarded handsomely for great progress. After a year at the company I've received around 75k in bonus compensation due to my success. However, this is very atypical.
There are few companies that encourage a healthy exchange of ideas, Microsoft is one of them. Also the people that you work with are brilliant and extremely passionate. We do business in almost every country in the world. We embrace an extraordinarily diverse workforce...not just external diversity factors either. We embrace diversity of thought, experience, education ...etc. There has also been an increased focus on improving people management capabilities of front line and middle level management personnel. Traditionally managers were not great at Microsoft. This is changing and at some point in the near future, Microsoft will be known for its great people managers...we are not there yet.
Reputable company. Intelligent co-workers. Impeccable benefits. Additionally, the the opportunities to hone and further develop your skills are endless. Also, their are so many businesses within Microsoft. If you start off in one department or industry and realize that another one is more befitting, you have the opportunity to explore your interests. Management is BIG on professional development.
Benefits, stabillity resume builder, there is also significant opportunity to manage your own time. work life balance is good and remote work or telework is encouraged
Microsoft is a huge corporation and therefore has lots of opportunities for growth and lateral as well as horizontal movement. Benefits are extremely good compared to other companies and the people here are all very smart and motivated. I feel that Microsoft really appreciates their employees and does a decent job making sure they are as productive as possible. For example, my team is split across two locations and MS regularly flies me to the other location to have one on one meetings. We also regularly have broad team meetings at offsite locations that are quite fun and interesting.
I think that the pay is good and it is a relatively secure and well performing company Obviously, if you enjoy working in a large corporate environment, it has that going for it, and the Microsoft bus system is pretty awesome. Also, the benefits truly are good.
Microsoft is a great company to learn new tech, associate with some of the most intelligent folks in the industry and choose from a number of disciplines. It fosters a challenging environment where people have unlimited potential to grow in their careers. In last few years the company has done a great job to improve employee work-life balance. The review process has also been made more transparent which gives you an opportunity to have open discussion about your career with the management. Apart from all these, MS offers great benefits.
Stable company with solid financials, lot of position options which give you the ability to change your career direction based on your needs, because of variety of position. This can give you a lauching pad to change companies in future.  f you are lucky to get a good manager that will shield you from politics- then work can be fulfilling, interesting and easier to execute upon.  Good benefits.
Impact millions of people worldwide with MS products
Microsoft's size and product diversity can provide a lot of latitude for a variety of different career experiences. When starting, you'll be expected to stay in-role for at least a year, but after that (depending on the group) you can explore elsewhere within the company. I believe this is the best way to get the most out of the "Microsoft experience". In Microsoft, moving around is good, for a number of reasons. Note that team culture within MS differs widely. Clarify your career goals well, within your own mind, then work hard to get there - leveraging the existing HR processes.  As an FTE, the benefits package is the best you'll find.  The people at Microsoft, in general, are great. Overall, they are quite smart, and famously passive-aggressive. Don't be intimidated, but also don't over-assert yourself - just be relaxed, knowledgeable, open, vocal and confident. Make a point of getting to know a lot of people.
Internal Microsoft documents obtained by WashTech News show that Microsoft salaries have been stagnant or nudged only slightly higher over the past two years. Comments from current and former employees about the company's compensation and performance review system suggest a growing level of frustration among rank-and-file workers
Huge company allows many different opportunities for learning new businesses, products and styles. They consider firing more painful than death, and will avoid it at all costs. You can coast here for 10-15 years, easy. Some of the best benefits in the world.
Microsoft employs some of the world's smartest people. I've been with the company for 8 years and I routinely learn something new from my colleagues every day. We work on projects that are important to 100's of millions of people around the world, if you want to be part of something that has world-wide impact, this is the place to do it. We have fun, every team has a morale budget for parties and such, and we very casual. Most people have their own offices, though seating is based on time with the company so new hires might double up depending on the group. We have the Gold Standard for health benefits, you'll never pay a dime out-of-pocket for any health care.
The Benefits, discounts on software, some really smart people to work with. The food in the cafeteria is sometimes good. What you are doing is going to affect millions of people.
Lot of cash to navigate economic downturn, big installed base, great people to work with if one is on the software development side of the house. Very hard to get fired, unless one does something really stupid like breaking the law
Impact and the ability to work on products used by millions of people.
Stability, security, benefits brought about by the size and scope of the organization. The resources are made available to you to do your job. Certain parts of the company are still very exciting places to be and having success.
great experience, working with extremely smart people, invaluable for your next career step, invaluable for your resume.
opportunities to impact lots of users. interesting work, great people in general. i love going to work every day. customer focused (may be surprising, but true!). huge company with jobs in all sorts of areas, and flexibility (perhaps a bit too much) in transitioning jobs. don't let the negatives dissuade you, it's a great company to work for.
Health benefits, reputation of company throughout the larger corporate world is still phenomenal. While it is mixed inside the technology world, I still find that people are in awe when I tell them that I work for Microsoft. That's a great feeling.
Microsoft offers some of the best benefits imaginable. From totally free health insurance for the entire family, to generous time off. After eight years at Microsoft, I received four weeks of vacation this year. This year, my wife and I also had a baby. I haven't paid a single penny in health care costs related to either the pregnancy or the labor/delivery and subsequent pediatric care. No copay, no deductible, nothing. Microsoft also offers infant care leave for mothers AND fathers. As a new dad, I received an automatic four weeks paid leave. Combined with my four weeks of vacation, I took two paid months off of work when my daughter was born. You simply cannot beat these benefits. Add to these benefits the 401k matching, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Stock Awards and an incredible pay package and Microsoft simply cannot be beat!
Incredible access to information, opportunities to learn something new every day (truly!), mentoring, and their is no shortage of inspirational and brilliant minds at every turn. As long as you don't mind being surrounded by ivy leaguers and math-geniuses and can hold you own - it's great. The benefits range from the big stuff: healthcare, decent compensation in the industry to the details - the famous free beverages, grocery delivery to work, laundry pick-up, even free transportation with a dedicated Msft transit system complete with wireless connectivity. And - SUPER-INEPENSIVE SOFTWARE! There is never a dull moment. And, the people are geinuinely caring and generous to boot. Great work culture overall - definitely hard core though. Think "college finals week" on a fairly regular basis - work hard, get results, blow-off-steam as needed via office prankishness. I have been employed off-and-on (pursuing personal projects/volunteering/having kids...), and made lifelong friends at Microsoft. It's a company unlike any other. (Any other that didn't spin off from Msft, that is.)
Lots of teams, some of which are filled with talented people and doing really interesting work. Very good benifits, and respectable base compensation for the industry. Definitely a company built by engineers, so you get treated with respected as an IC. Direct technical managers are usually very good.
Great benefits. Lots of opportunities to learn best practices from a software giant.
There are a lot of smart people around, you can learn a ton from others. it is a great way to get solid experience especially when you are right out of college. There is a diversity of jobs you can hold within different divisions that are very different from one another. There are really several companies within Microsoft, the culture and the type of work within Windows or office for example is completely different from what you will find in the Xbox or the Windows Mobile division. Another positive aspect is the job flexibility, if you like to sleep in the morning, it is ok to show up at noon if you woudl like as long as you get your job done.
It's a good place to start a career. The benefits are really nice. Stock options are generous. There are a lot of smart interesting people around. A lot of good caffeine in proximity. Employee discounts rock -- you can win many friends this way. There's a lot of opportunity for advancement quickly if you're an overachiever type.
Get to work on high-impact products with really smart people. There is a lot of professional development support available. Lots of training, a well-equipped training, smart people to learn from.
Good benefits, good work/life balance, highly visible products
Big organization with alot of actvity and scale. Great for a long time career or to cap a career. Super benefits package and coverage with some innovative perks.
Benefits, growth opportunities, range of jobs. Job security.
Great entry level opportunities, good starter (company) name for a resume. Depends on the dev group, but the tools and testing are better than most other software companies - you won't be able to take all the methodologies away to a start-up...  People definitely return your professional phone calls - "Microsoft" still has "pull" in the general business community.  Great benefits, though the benefits aren't terribly better than others - Microsoft has a $0 co-Pay, whereas, at least to me, a $5 co-pay is functionally the same.  Microsoft has some of the biggest brands in the industry: nice to say "...I improved calculation speed in Excel by 175%..." if you get the opportunity to work on a big product.  Many of the the people are first class, really decent.
Compensation can be above average for the industry. Health benefits are very good. Take advantage of training or certification opportunities.
By far the biggest benefit for me is the opportunity to work with peers who really are the best and the brightest. At previous companies I have worked at, I would frequently get frustrated with the level of incompetence of others i had to work with. With very few exceptions, most everyone at MS has a right to be there. I can't say enough about the opportunity to transfer across divisions and disciplines if you are motivated to do so. Work/life balance goes in cycles, but in general is ok.
Its still a good company for people joining out of college. Good technical work. The company has passion for technology and you will certainly gain great experience and opportunity to do some great work.
It's a great opportunity to learn and you become accostomed to working in a university-like enviornment. You do feel part of a large community. The company seems genuinely concerned about the enviornment. The facilities are excellent, than includeds the cafes and bathrooms.
New technology, smart people, challenge, most difficult work that I have done in my life. Software engineers should work for at least one company like this so that they learn that there is usually tarnish behind the glitz.
The health care. This is actually the only reason to work there.
Lots of career opportunities as well as variety. There are many different positions available at Microsoft and at a variety of geographic locations. Perks are reasonable and are pretty competitive with the rest of the industry. Jobs are pretty safe at MS (assuming that you are competent). As a company, MS is well-run financially so the expectation of layoffs during this recession are quite low. Since MS is involved in a variety of areas, even when one part of the business slows down, other parts do ok, so things do even out. There are some projects (i.e. Azure) that have the potential to be very exciting.
career development, career opportunities, visibility, project opportunities, exposure to technology, great company, great history, legacy, great leaders, great benefits, great location, international working environment, industry leader, research leader, leader in scientific and computer sciences community in the world, popularity, successul company, powerful company, job security, diversity, etc.
Microsoft's medical and dental benefits are great. I think they're probably the best I've experienced, having worked for a number of large high tech companies. It's a large company that has a relatively good reputation, especially outside of the IT industry. Its big name will help open a lot of doors to other employers.
Great medical and vision benefits, reasonable dental ones. Mature, stable company with relatively good payment. Relatively flexible working hours.
its a good learning experience coming out of college. you learn how to apply what you learned in school to a product in the real world that millions of people will use. you learn how you make and release a product to market and how many different disciplines come together to make it happen. you collaborate with different disciplines, providing different perspectives on things, helping solidify the product. you learn how to make things happen in a big company.
Great opprotunities. Plenty of young workers, feels like a campus. Managers are easy going and understanding of everyone. Plenty of opprotunities for career advancement. Pay is comparable and often times higher than competitors. Redmond is a great location and located close to Seattle, which has plenty of stuff to do. Microsoft flies you out for interviews which gives you a chance to see the location.
Depth. We work on so much from software to hardware and exciting things. There are numerous groups to work with and find something that interest you.
Technology is Microsoft's life blood - as a technologist it is like visiting techno Mecca. The internal dialog and conversations are often intense and electrifying. What better place can you be than right next to the team that wrote the code you'll base your products upon. One of the most appealing aspects is the opportunity to steer and impact 100's millions of people's lives touched by MS products.  About the workplace - every team member is given 24x7 access to Microsoft offices, networks and other resources through laptops, cellphones, home machines etc. wherever they are in the world. We've been living the road-warrior lifestyle for over 10 years. All campuses are WiFi enabled - with very diverse range of working environments from offices through open plan to lounges and "coffee shops" - whatever suits yours and your team's working style.  The cash+bonus package is very competitive though the stocks are worth somewhat less than they used to be. As a family the full-coverage health benefits alone are worth thousands. Microsoft's commercial buying power is also negotiated in to a discount card for local vendors and suppliers.
Anything and everything related to software exists here under one roof. Switiching disciplines and technologies is very common and encouraged. Work-life balance is excellent. You work with some of the most intelligent people on the planet.
Considerable opportunity to work in many different types of businesses. Also, the ability to switch between management and individual contributor status throughout one's career while continuing to maintain or increase one's salary grade in the company.
It is still one of the places where you can do the most impact - the facilities are great, the possibilities are boundless. Most people are very intelligent. The processes and policies are helpful and would work if the company wasn't so introspective. Sometimes, Microsoft competes excellently with other companies.
chance to work with great people, to make heroes out of our customers. good management support and communications. plenty of resources available to get the job done. decent pay and benefits package.
- Working with lots of smart people - Many chances for professional growth - A Microsoft experience can help you land new jobs - Great benefits
Great people to work with and interesting tasks. I was using a mix of software and hardware description languages to do my task and I think that is very rewarding. Also, my manager was very easy-to-approach and gave me good feedback based on my performance. Also, the benefits are decent.
Microsoft has the best health benefits on the planet. In the 10+ years I was a blue badge, I think I only saw 1 medical bill that wasn't 100% covered by Microsoft's plan.  In fact, Microsoft probably has the best benefits package in the industry outside of Google (comprehensive medical / dental / vision / prescription drug plans, paternity & maternity leave, 5 weeks of vacation / year after 12+ years of service, company store, company library, Prime card, Pro Club / gym membership, Connector bus / metro pass, free beverages, and many other benefits).  Also, despite it's size, Microsoft is a fairly agile company. The decisions that senior management makes usually are rational. And there are very few companies that as much state of the art technology as Microsoft does.
There are tremendous opportunities to make lateral moves within the company - get bored of a given role, org, product, or customer segment and the sheer size and internal policies conducive to internal transfers guarantee the opportunity for variety in your MSFT career. Also impact - the vastness of the customer base means that even "small" products at Microsoft often touch on millions of customers. It's rare to find an organization where even junior staff can see direct impact of their work on such an immense scale.
The benefits are the best -- we literally have 50 or more free benefits. Each day I learn about a benefit. Childcare, exercise, free health care, great cafeterias, free sodas, tea, coffee, child friendly work facilities, beautfiul facilities in WA area, The opportunity to work with great software
Ability to travel around the world and take on jobs in other countries. Ability to really learn how the software and high-tech industry really works.
Microsoft provides the best professional training I have attended compared to other software companies I have worked for in Silicon Valley. Microsoft tries to hire the top 1% of the top 1%, and as a result you get the opportunity to work with a lot of smart people. Microsoft encourages change of roles that provide opportunities to grow professionally. Microsoft Silicon Valley is a great campus with great synergetic teams without the Redmond politics. Microsoft Senior Leaders are true visionaries that inspire trust on the company direction.
Excellent pay and benefits compared to the competition.
Love the healthecare insurance, ride share, health club, legal, and other perks such as reimbursement offered for those really late nights on campus that last beyond public transportation. I have had to take a cab home a couple of times at 2:00am and was reimbursed 100%. I also like the speaker series that are very educational. There are eduacational reimbursment benefits as well but overal they are pretty light at 7K a year I think for an approved program at a local university and not sure how far 7K would go at the university of washington but it is something.
Benefits: Microsoft pays for everything, and then some for you and your whole immediate family. not just awesome health insurance, but huge discounts on gym membership, lawyer fees, restaurants, and more Resume booster: As many issues as Microsoft may or may not have, it is tough to argue that it doesn't look pretty good on a resume Industy experience: There are some very cool things going on in a variety of industries that Microsoft is playing in. Getting involved in these projects can be exciting and even historic in many cases. Internal flexibility: If you don't like your job, boss, team, building location, or even industry, take a look around internally and dip your toes in the water somewhere else. It is pretty easy to maneuver the internal job market.
Career advancing opportunities, working on the most interesting stuff out there and they treat people very good. I don't know if there's another software company in the US which treats it's employees like this. I'm not talking only about benefits, but about respect.
MS is a financially stable company with variety of software jobs spanning multiple computer science disciplines. Stock awards and benefits increase over time. So the pay is good for long timers. Vacation increases as well to 4 weeks. Benefits are already generous.
Most of the people here are really smart. There's so much going on at the company and they've been at this forever - Microsoft knows how to ship a product. The volume of information (and professional development resources) available to employees is enormous. If you want to work on products the entire world uses, look no further.  Compensation and benefits are both very good. There's a lot of emphasis put on individual career development. In terms of social responsibility, they're very generous and proactive re: corporate giving and volunteer work.
You get chance to work with lot of great people and Microsoft helping lot of organizations through giving campaign and salary and benefit package also very good
Benefits and compensation are good. Internal training opportunities are good.
benefits are really good. many technical opportunities. clear career path.
For mid-careers: Premera insurance is great for people with families or singles with expensive medical conditions. Company stability, because of its size. 40-hour, or a bit more than that, work life balance work weeks available on some teams. Nice to have on your resume. IF you are in exactly the right situation, the chance to add astonishing things to your list of career accomplishments, few software companies offer the same opportunities to affect the technical world as Microsoft does. IF you can get one or more very good reviews (see below), compensation is tough to match elsewhere. Adoption benefits. Chance to keep up with different aspects of the industry by attending technical talks by other teams.  College hires: Microsoft on the resume. Chance to learn the Microsoft development philosophy, tools and components from the people who designed them. Chance to add to technical knowledge by attending talks given by other teams and Microsoft Research. Generally pretty good advancement and regular promotions for people at the lower levels 59-62. Some teams are fun groups that enjoy socializing with each other after hours, so there's a built in social life. You'll get a world-class introduction to corporate politics if you keep your eyes and ears open, which will stand you in good stead in the future at Microsoft or other big companies.  For everyone: The chance to contribute to software used around the world, and in some cases, known by nearly every human in developed countries. The chance to internally transfer to groups working on products so different that it's like a different company. Many different company cultures within different divisions of the company, so you can probably find one that fits what you're looking for at whatever your stage of life. They pay your fee to the nicest, albeit huge, gym in the area.
Microsoft is a good place to work if you like stability. The salaries are decent, the perks are good (as opposed to amazing). Great work is being done in pockets of the company. Good work to be found in lots of other parts of the company. Reasonable place to work during a recession.
Smart people, many tough problems to solve, significant software engineering challenges, never boring, your work has a world-wide impact, and you are empowered to make a difference for customers. Plenty of opportunity to add value in the software development process, as a solid engineering leader, and as a subject matter expert. You won't be a big fish in a little pond here, if you're looking to stretch yourself and work, everyday, with people smarter than you, then this is the place to be. Microsoft has a soul, a lot of diversity, and they reward based on contribution... you can be successful here!
You get to work with some of the smartest people around. You get to play with some of the latest technologies. You get to work in some really good environments. You get your own office. Your working on products with long term strategies.
great benefits and job stability. to drill down a bit the benefits are one of the best you could find in US. There is a strong process and emphasis on using technology in your day to day life. You have th eflexibility for work but you need to fulfil your commitments at the end of the year and that is what counts. There is a huge number of middle level managers in microsoft which are kind of redundant and overhead managing 3 or 4 people and doing nothing individually. I think they need to be fired if microsoft needs to compete with google.
Fantastic benefits, lots of opportunities to move to new roles, able to assume as much responsible as you're willing to take on. I spent 20 years building and managing my own business and I can't think of another large company, other than Microsoft, where I'd have as much opportunity to work in an entrepreneurial way.
Microsoft is a great place to work for anyone who is serious about a career. Everyone you work with is highly motivated and the challenges are as big as any you can find. The healthcare benefits are over teh top.
If you like the rainy pacific North West and want the best Health Care Insurance you can get, then Microsoft brings it home.
Benefits are amazing -- from the health benefits, to stock purchase plans, generous leave of absence for employees with newborns, the list goes on. Its a large company so plenty of opportunities to move into other, diverse areas of the business. People are generally collaborative in nature here, which is great. MS is very respectful of work/life balance.
Lots of great opportunities to work with smart, passionate people on projects that are cutting-edge within the technology arena. Rarely is there a shortage of resources, and that's super nice after working in cash-strapped start-ups in prior jobs.
Good compensation if you are an exceptional performer. Opportunity to work on many different technologies once you are matriculated.
Great People, Great Technology and a wealth of interesting problems to work on.
1. Job Flexibility - Set you own hours. 2. Pay - Competitive salary 3. Benefits - Competitive benefits package.
Professional growth and development, training and ability to change career paths, smart people, great benefits with good salaries, ability to give back through the employee giving campaign and other support for community service, good people
smart people are all around.
Great place to work and learn. Lots of freedom.
Stable income and great benefits. You don't need to work very hard since working hard doesn't really get you that much more in this company. Great company to work for if you have a family.
- It's the world's biggest software company, and is always doing something exciting - The work is interesting and has a real-world impact - The work/life balance is good - High job stability
You have an opportunity to move around the company, picking whatever division interests you, as your passions change. Very stable company, never, ever had layoffs. Amazing benefits: best medical insurance in the industry, membership in the largest sports club, Connector service picks you up from near your house and takes you to the campus.
benefits / opportunities to grow
Technical growth opportunities - You will work with some very smart people who have contributed a lot to some of the products that microsoft makes.  Benefits package - One of the best, specially if you have a family
The New Microsoft is a great place for college-grads and people who are earlier in their career. It is an awesome place to gain industry experience quickly and to gain respect by working at an industry leader.
It's a challenging place with lots of super bright people. Overall, it can be very exciting and energizing. If you have a good idea, with determination and luck you can see it materialize into a product or a feature that impacts millions of people.  The performance review process is fair and has improved considerably in the last few years. Additionally, the benefits are very generous and have also improved in the last few years.
Flexibility, career advancement, working on products a lot of people will use
World class employees, technology and processes. There is a lot to learn from this innovative company. Compensation is reasonable but benefits are excellent. This company is great for initial college graduate who typically don't know much about professional software engineering.
Awesome benefit. Free medical is hard to beat! Microsoft has one of the most generous benefit called the "Giving Campaign" where you can contribute $12,000 per year and the company will match the amount for donation made to qualifying 501C. I don't know of any company that offers that.
the overall compensation package (salary, bonus, stock) and the healthcare benefits make a compelling package. Given the size of the company, I've had many opportunities to learn new skill sets, increasing my value on the market if/when I ever decide to move on.
The health care plan for Microsoft is simply amazing. They have their own Blue Cross / Blue Shield branch with essentially unlimited coverage. A new employer would have to double my salary to justify the loss of this benefit.  This is also the smartest group of people I've ever worked with.  Microsoft projects don't fail for dumb reasons. They don't run out of money, lack resources, lack smart people.
Look great on resume, so you can get a senior, manager, position on startups. Get much more money. A lot of smat people, and a lot of rains in Seattle, of course you must be the person who love rainings :)
Cutting edge of technology. Cool company to work for. I like working for Microsoft. However, you are expected to work a lot of hours. It's cool when you are young and want to make a career. However, when you are getting older and have a family then you may want to look for another company. It's great to work at a company at the cutting edge of technology. You will learn a lot and you will have a lot of opportunities to work at other companies since you are seen as attractive in the workplace afterwards. You will not regret working here.
Experience:  - mature products  - established processes  - people  Mature products If you come from college, this company is a great place to work at. It teaches you to look at the software creation in more established and pragmatic way, like building a house. Gone are the days in the 90s where there were deadlines to be kept and teams did burn through weekends just to keep them. Today, such things still exist, however, they are more on individual basis, and they are not the norm.  People  - generally, the hiring process assures that MS gets the top of the cream.
Smart people, interesting technology, very serious business discipline.
Great opportunity. There are many positions and products to work on, and people are given opportunity to try new positions all the time.
There's a lot of really smart people, this is the main reason I joined the company.
1. Competitive yet small people (not all of the employees, of course, but some are brightest).  2. Superb medical benefits if you're raising a family.  3. No income tax in Washington state.
* Working with some of the smartest people in the industry. * Great compensation package. * Super benefits. * Lots of different groups/technologies to choose from when changing jobs within the company.
The opportunity to work on high impact projects that impact peoples daily lives is the best benefit. Depending on the team you are part of, there can be great collaboration and partnering. MS also has great benefits...especially for famlies.
Best place to learn and create new technologies. Any question you have - someone employed by Microsoft has an answer. It is amazing. If you look through the various email distribution lists - apart from the usual geeks - there are folks who have expertise in a variety of fields. Got a plumbing / architecture / electronics / car question? There's a DL for it with folks that can start from basics and give you expert level information -all for free.
Stable, smart people, lots of different types of opportunities, incredible benefits. For younger folks, I think that it's good for your resume, but I think that for older folks who have some industry experience, it's a great stable environment with incredible benefits (especially health). Younger people aren't really going to take advantage of and appreciate the benefits, so they're more focused on salary, which is okay, but nothing special for the industry. Morale, opportunities, etc vary significantly depending on what group you're in and your manager. However, once you're in, there's so many different groups and projects going on and you can move to a different group.
The health insurance. 401(k) matching.
You have the chance to work on some of the most widely known software products in the world. What you are doing everyday is in fact changing the world.  Ppl around you are great. Smart and nice to work with.  If you are on the right team, work/life balance is great.  Very liberal working environment.  Great benefit. Star employees get rewarded. Lots of support around Seattle/Eastside area. Free gym and etc.
Lots of good people and knowledge. Good amount of training.
You have the opportunity to work on some many different aspects of the industry: from OS, to Games, to Frameworks and hard core research. Microsoft also support extensively their employess and give no-non sense perk, like 100% family medical coverage, paternity/maternity leave and other cool benefits if you are a bit older than a recent college hire. If you are looking for massages and free food, you will not get them here, but you will have benefits that target a more mature audience (remember, Microsofties are in their late 30s and 40s now)
Great benefits, incredibly smart people, worldwide impact. You will have all the tools you need to do a great job if you have the energy and motivation. You can meet with anyone in the company if you can find time, everyone is happy to help each other out, to give feedback, to talk about career advancement. You will be paid better than at other similar companies. An internship at MSR is more structured and more productive than at IBM or Google, you will also be encouraged to publish.
Although huge, the part of Microsoft you work at is run like a small business. You will know your entire team and management. The work is challenging and used by millions of people. Compensation, especially benefits, are top notch.
The choices. Pick a field. Microsoft is probably involved in it, and you can be a part of our work to become the leader or, if we are already the best in the field, to improve the state of the art. Money is not an obstacle. The lower ranks can bring significant change to products.  The development process. There are some downsides to the systems and bureaucracy at MS, but after being in the business for 30 years, they are trying their best to improve and bring consistency to the way software is written. Having worked for companies that do not care about a product other than getting it out the door, this is a huge win.
The people, the people, the people. Knowledge sharing is great too. Work\life balance was also never a problem however Microsoft management will work you to death if you let them.
As an SDE, you are given a lot of freedom at Microsoft to design your feature from a technical pespective. There isn't a lot of second guessing, and you can use the tools you prefer for the most part. Benefits are A-rate (although the $1500 limit on dental can be costly depending on your situation... but that is the only real limit). There is a huge swath of products the company works on, and it's relatively easy to move around (18 month commitment per group). Co-workers are generally top-notch... you can learn from them. Open and constructively critical culture for the most part.
Great stability, competitive or high salary, great benefits. Lots of smart people. Many opportunities for professional development both internally and externally.
Clear carrer path within Microsoft. Fair in promotion. Well paid and good health insurance coverage.
Great place to intern. Advise against pursuing as a full-time job over the long term. Rewards, promotions, reviews are political - not merit based. More importantly, job satisfaction has hit rock-bottom because very few groups focus on building a truly successful products. Most everyone else is following another manager's orders. Very disheartening.
Diverse culture, lot of opportunities, being in the middle of great technology company are the best reasons to work for the company. Medical benefis are great.
Variety of products and businesses mean anyone can find something interesting to them, even if their interests change later. Some of the people you will work with are very smart, world famous experts.
Microsoft Dynamics (my experience is based on our Fargo office) is a great place to work. The relaxed work environment, great benefits and very competitive pay are just a few reasons. They hire very smart people (for the most part) and most are very committed to helping each person on their team or in their department. The company has a lot of fun events and team building activities that help break up the typical grind of most workplaces. They treat employees very good and I would recommend Microsoft Dynamics to anyone with a technical background looking for a great company in Fargo, ND.
Pay and bonus is above average. Medical benefits are outstanding. If you're willing to relocate or travel more than 50% of the time you have greater opportunities than most to advance. There is a certain amount of opportunity that you can control locally but after that it is right place right time. You really can control your own destiny by digging in and going the extra mile and you can be rewarded for it (there is some downside to that which I'll outline below). Having dedicated customer contact and / or responsibility insulates you (mostly) from corporate restructuring - the company is sensitive to forcing a level of change that might cause service level drops or continuity issues with customer facing roles.
Working with some very bright people, whom will challenge you to get better not only in your profession, but also as a human being... That said, there will be others that will challenge you to keep your values.
The best reasons to work here are benefits, group mobility, and job safety. Microsoft by far has the best health care benefits compared to any other company. Switching between groups every 2-3 years is common and even encouraged which means you can change roles and projects on completely different products while still keeping your job. In contrast to the rest of the economy, Microsoft is secure place to work as long as you do your job.
Good opportunities for advancement. Easy to change to different teams. Good benefits, transparent review system.
good benefits and lots of internal opportunities
At Microsoft you get the chance to work with very smart and talented software engineers and the benefits are great. It is possible to have a great career at Microsoft if you are a super start, know how to network with managers or are simply lucky. Salary is pretty competitive, although the stock awards are not that great since Microsoft stock price has been flat for the last 10 years.
The health/med benefits are unmatched and the people I worked with were great. The employee discounts, the toys, the instant recognition (both good and bad) when you told people where you worked and the belief that you were, even indirectly, making the world better for the majority of end-users.
This is a place where you can literally find a huge range of products to work on - devices, enterprise software, web services, automotive and of course Windows/Office. Lots of smart people who are very passionate and motivated - high energy. Great place to learn. Benefits are great, especially the health benefits.
Smart people, good work-life balance, when working in engineering - you have the chance to impact million of users. Feedback from management during the review process is constructive.
Interesting bleading edge work. Many groups provide variety, easy to change work without changing company
The ability to move around within the same company to different product groups and roles is unmatched in the industry.
Big company and can move around within the company easily. There are lots of things you can work on. Lots of technologies and lots of benefits.
Benefits, for sure. Completely free medical and prescriptions (which is really handy if you have kids). Lots of passionate people and the ability to work outside the normal parameters of your job description. Lots of job mobility (and it's encouraged so the gene pool doesn't get stagnant). Microsoft is also not afraid to reward those who rise above the masses with cash and stock. By far the best company I've worded for and living in the Pacific Northwest, while more expensive, is awesome.
You get to work with great people. Microsoft takes good care of its employees.
Microsoft is a magnet for some really talented developers, regardless of the criticism that is leveled at its product quality or lack of innovation. They do truly value quality coding and provide an excellent set of resources that will help a reasonably competent developer shine. The skills that are learnt at Microsoft are applicable outside of Microsoft and will actually raise your profile. On most major product groups, you have a tremendous opportunity to contribute to the development team in the form of improvements to the process, tools or even improvements to the product design. Finally, there's a strong emphasis on maintaining a healthy work-life balance so flexible hours are tolerated and you won't be criticised for coming in at 11am and leaving at 8pm as long as you're not blocking the rest of the team.
The people are simply amazing. The coworkers are friendly, helpful and easy-going. You will often see people helping each other out with issues and answering questions, even if it means taking time out of their schedule There is little office politics and one's hard work does not go unnoticed. There is a lot of fun events designed to keep employees in the loop about upcoming Microsoft developments and technologies. There are often technical demos and presentations.
Work on technically challenging products with smart, motivated engineers. There very good, deep products, like Windows, Office, Exchange, SQL, Xbox, Search, to name a few. Rarely does a company give you chance to touch so many customers.
Smart people around you, good reputation, you see the impact of your work outside the work (products), your friends will praise you, The best benefits package I have ever seen (there are some problems with the way the dental plan is handled by the local dentists, see below).
The benefits at Microsoft are fantastic. There are also some of the smartest people I've ever met working there. Its fun to get to interact with so many type "A" personalities, as everyone is very driven, and you don't have a ton of slackers.
Scope - MS has the biggest scope of opportunity for a talented software engineer, tired of working in networking, try security, or games, or windows, or office, or robotics, or research. There aren't many serious industry players that can offer that. Location - The pacific northwest is a great place to work Attitude - When applied correctly (and they sometimes are!) the company's values make it a great place to work. I'm not really talking about the free soda or health care, more the open environment that can allow smart people to really work together and produce. Scale - maybe this is just scope in a different light, but the company is big enough and diverse enough that I can see other teams doing very varied work
Ability to drive ones own career. If you have an idea, and passion, you can normally evolve that within Microsoft. I've never heard no from my management. Surprisingly so.  If you're willing to learn, if you want to dive into something without a ton of direction, Microsoft is the place to do this.
If you happen to be deemed a "rock star" for any particular year, the bonus compensation will be very nice indeed. Benefits are definitley nice if you have a family. Everybody in the world has heard of Microsoft, which can work for you (and against you as well). Company events are usually pretty good - I particularly enjoyed TechReady every year. Great place to learn about other Microsoft products that you may not have any prior experience with - lots of internal resources to leverage when you want to explore something new. Lots of smart co-workers - as long as you're not management, you can almost guarantee that your peers won't be idiots.
Internal news groups, people from all over the world, lots of diverse pasttimes amongst employees
Benefits, smart people, diversity of employees and roles. Some groups have exceptional flexible working policies, most in my workgroup work from home at least one day per week, and my division has a policy that regular meetings are not to be held before 10 AM or after 4 PM.
The Medical Insurance. Some of the people. A day at MS support is like gaining 3 days of experience somewhere else
there are some great people technically out there. great benefits and ideal place for anyone who wants to have a good work/life balance. a variety of product groups to work if one wants to have a versatile experience.
Kid in a candy store if you're a techie. Everything you touch or do could have a huge impact on many customers. Free software (MSFT stuff that is). Good prices on MSFT goods.
lots of resources and career development benefits, cushy job, can't get fired. decent benefits, great health insurance.
Unparalleled global reach, superb benefits, job security, plenty of opportunity for advancement, huge selection of jobs once you are in.
Microsoft is a great entry-level place to work. The company is engaged in a loosely-coupled strategy to push work towards the least expensive person they can hire. (Note that they just love Ivy League and anyone from a top-tier consulting company!) The issues that need solving at Microsoft are monumental, and truly worthy of your time and effort to attempt to 'solve'. And there’s technology being developed that nobody else in the industry would even attempt.
The benefits are fantasitc. Time off and folks are smart.
- surrounded by super smart people - great place to learn - ability to make huge impact in any market - flexible work environment - opportunity to move into other roles
I enjoy the people I work with and the challenging environment. There is never a dull moment and always something new coming at you... usually at the speed of a VP escalation.
At MSR, you have a chance to work with the best and the brightest -- the caliber of people that would otherwise be on the faculty at a top-tier research university. MSR is pretty much the only surviving old-style industrial research lab in the tradition of Bell Labs and PARC. The compensation starts out good and becomes great as the stock awards ramp up.
The company as a whole is great, and seems to truly care about its employees. The key is to find a group that values your work and opinions, and a manager that takes a vested interest in helping you carve your career.
After having been here for ~12 years, I would say the best reasons to work at MSFT are: great co-workers, benefits, amazing products and accomplishments,
You have immense resources and your work can have an impact on literally billions of people. The benefits are great and the pay is more than competitive.
Great resources and opportunities to do interesting work
Microsoft has a deep bench of talented people with raw smarts, dedication and passion. Employees tend to have long tenures even though they change groups within the company. This makes for a work environment where there is a LOT to learn from the senior team members. This is a terrific company to get mentorship, career guidance and improve technical chops. Microsoft's wide array of low level systems products (Windows, .Net Framework, SQL Server) means that there is deep technical expertise in core computing fundamentals like operating systems, databases, languages, runtimes, etc.
Microsoft has a very relaxed environment. I go to work whenever I want and leave whenever I want as long as I get my job done and make it to meetings. I can talk to my manager and take vacation with very little hassle. All this as long as you know you will finish you work. Microsoft gives great benefits. And depending on the team you work in, the technology you work on can be exciting. Finally, there are lots of very smart people from whom you can learn from.
Tons of smart people. Lots of groups to work for, all situated in a single campus. Each group in Microsoft has a product line often equivalent to another rival company.  Great benefits esp. medical.
Microsoft has a lot to offer to anyone looking to learn the business of "big" software development. In my experience, the biggest benefits to working at MSFT is the networking and organizational mechanics visibility you get. I have met a ton of incredibly talented people who later on became important resources for future opportunities (within and outside of MSFT). It felt much like college to me - a time to learn a lot, meet a lot of contacts and grow as an individual. The resources and opportunities are huge at MSFT, though much of the time you realize you are a very small fish in a very large pond. Big aspirations can be squashed frequently after the reality of the organism that is MSFT becomes apparent. But again, the opportunities environmentally outweigh the unfortunate lack of ability for any one person to change the reality of what MSFT is - a giant steam ship that takes years to make a turn.
Smart people. Great benefits. Access to lots of cool stuff.
The people are extremely smart, motivated and fun to work with.
Opportunity for growth is there if you reach out and grab it -- engage with your colleagues!
Ability to have a global impact. You can work on projects of size and scale greater than anywhere else.
A good place to learn desktop based software and code. Good benefit, especially if you would like to have children during that period. I think they provide a very competible benefit, however the total income is just average, maybe below average.
If you land a job within a well-performing division with strong, consistent leadership, it couldn't be a better place to work. Overall, the company does an excellent job promoting work/life balance, is family-friendly, and one of the most diverse environments I've ever worked. Plus the benefits can't be beat.
Fortune 500 company, stability, great health benefits. Smart people,
It is a great place to learn stuff, and there are often opportunities to transfer among groups to work on things in different areas. There are many talented and knowledgable people around. The company provides very good benefits (the health plan covers all family members). Flexible working hours, and single office.
It's a stable company with plenty of money so there is good job security relative to many other tech businesses. The company provides good benefits and HR seems to have a vested interest in improving those based on employee feedback. Pay is fair relative to other companies.
Health benefits and general stability. Benefits are completely covered, to the point of no copay for prescriptions. Although the company is slowing down (and not minting millionaires anymore), it's size makes it quite stable.
For college hires, MSFT is (still) a good brand to have on your resume and a great place to gain some experience. There are only a handful of software companies that deliver products to hundreds of millions of users worldwide. We also have a variety of products and technologies so there are opportunities to work on other problem spaces and wear different hats if you get bored.  For industry hires, stability is the word of the day. The company has weathered its growing pains, matured from lessons learn and have consistently produced strong numbers year after year. Those with families will appreciate the very good benefits package and solid work life balance. You're unlikely to suffer from burnouts or strategic fluctuations as long as you pick the right group.
1: If you are laid back person and don't have any career ambitions in terms of growth, working on latest technology etc. then this is the place for you to work. 2: There is no vision in this group so you will not be asked to do any challenging task :). 3: Though working for this group does not add any value to your skills but you will still get the Microsoft tag in your back. 4: Life is cool as there is hardly any work :) 5: You get good benefits i.e. medical insurance etc.
good benefits, nobody ever gets fired, freedom to work on interesting areas, did I mention good benefits...
Great benefits package, college like atmosphere on main campus. Pretty buildings.
Working with the latest technology and mature development practices is probably the biggest career draw. It doesn't hurt to have MS on your resume since everyone in the industrialized world has heard of the company and associates it with success.
Benefits! Challenging, fast-paced work, TONS of opportunities for professional growth. Great people. Knowing you're making a different in the industry.
The best thing about working at Microsoft is being surrounded by bright people. I love the experience of not being the smartest person in the room and being able to learn from my peers. The compensation is reasonable, the benefits are excellent, and there are great opportunities for professional development. An advantage of working for a big company (and something that is entrenched in the Microsoft culture) is the ability to easily switch teams. It's nice to know that if I ever get tired of my current problem space, I have the option of branching out and trying something completely different.
The best parts about working at Microsoft are: networking with some of the most talented and motavated minds in the industry, the ability to have a part to play in software with a huge footprint and high exposure, the benefits are awesome, there are ample opportunities to move around and see a lot of the company, and the learning and self-improvement opportunities are endless.
Top notch benefits, oportunities for flexible working arrangements, solid compensation
Global impact of the work i do Unique architectural and technical challenges Diversity of expertise you encounter while handling difficult projects Smart people
The benefits at Microsoft are fantastic and it is a great brand name to have on your resume. Also, there is the opportunity to move around to new businesses and new roles.
The people! Diverse, intelligent, opinionated and extremely knowledgeable. If you want to be surrounded by people that actually *know* every single thing about computers and software, there's no other place.  Microsoft has many worlds inside itself. If you change from one team to another, is like changing from one company to another, everything is totally different. So if you're bored with one aspect of technology, change to a different group and learn about other stuff without leaving company.  The benefits are mostly great (see exceptions at the list of downsides), in special the medical benefits.  It is inspiring to work in products that are used by millions (and in some cases billions) of people.
Employee benefits, wide-reaching products, location.
Looks good on a Resume... Great Benefits. The pay is pretty good for what you do and performance isn't really the issue. If you're really good at networking and politicking you will do very well at Microsoft. Also, because we are the 100lbs bear.... we don't have to be as beholden to customers. Also, living in Seattle is great... the campus is nice, Bellevue facilities are world class and we have access to some of the smartest people on earth. Also, if you manage to make it up to the "Partner" level, you start making HUGE bank... regardless of your performance.
The people challenge you. The projects have global impact. The benefits are unmatched. When you call anyone in any industry, they'll call you back. In some divisions you can enjoy the autonomy of an entrepreneur backed by the resources of a... well a Microsoft.
breath of product groups to chose from, well defined career path, brand recognition, opens up opportunities elsewhere once you have msft on resume. great benefits package - proclub, health insurance, dental coverage. large campus with football, basketball, volleyball fields - lot of sports leagues, flexible time, option to work remotely, presence all over the world - opportunity to travel overseas to take short term assignment or projects. flexibility and say in the kind of work you do, especially as a developer. ease in moving between different groups - great internal career website to facilitate that. one of the few places where people are generally smart and level headed
Microsoft is so broad and encourages job switching so it provides a lot of opportunities to find new and interesting things to do. The benefits are great and the pay is not bad.
Many teams within Microsoft are great places to work, full of smart, energetic engineers who truly care about the people who use their software. If you end up on one of these well-managed teams, history shows that you will likely be pleasantly surprised about how much you like working there.  Health benefits and work-life balance are great. Salary is competitive, and if you do well here (top 20%) you will be very well-compensated compared to others in the industry at your experience and skill level.  Seattle is great place to live, home prices (while expensive) are much more reasonable than the Silicon Valley area.
Nice benefits package. You can work average if you expect average payment. If you can find the "right group", if such exists, you can grow in the company.
You have many options for your career, and you can switch back and forth as your interests change.
1. Working with great, intelligent, happy people who can also socialize (this is a difficult trait to get from great engineers, most engineers these days are too introverted). 2. Benefits are fantastic. If you have a family, then Microsoft is the boom! As a single person, I still too benefited immensely by their StayFit program- Microsoft paid 80% of a $7,000 bill to get me slim and trim. 3. Most managers respect you and listen to you. 4. It is easy to find great, talented, and professionally experienced mentors. 5. Moving about the company...let me rephrase that...technical breath and deepth are strongly encouraged. If Microsoft went from writing software to being a library or a hospital, it's employees would get right to it and thrive. 6. Great, strong collaboration between all the engineering deciplines. 7. World-wide talent. Microsoft goes to great lengths to recruit arround the world and lobby directly with congress to have certain immigration/visa limitation overruled. 8. Excellent resources for professional developement. Books, e-books, databases, on-site and online classes. 9. There is a group/alias for anything you can imagine...singing, theatre, biking, knitting,,,you name it. It is easy to get connected. 10. MOST IMPORTANTLY, Microsoft is probably THE most open and accepting company in the WORLD for Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, and Transgender employees and their spouses. I know exactly the reason this is, but I'm not going to "out " any of the Senior Managers in this review.
Microsoft has a very extensive breadth of opportunity, across a variety of job functions and product lines. Transitioning between products is encouraged (as long as it is not taken to an excess). Most product lines have an amazing ability to make a broad and global impact on people's lives. In specific roles, your work can make a tremendous difference to the success of a product. To top it all off, there is a relatively fantastic benefits package, especially when you factor in healthcare costs.
They have an excellent benefits package and the pay is pretty good. You get to work on cool projects and can petition to make changes internally.People are pretty friendly and usually easy to get along with. The company store has discounted software which is handy when friends and family need OSes or Office, and the prices are unheard of.
microsoft offers great employee benefits and stability. microsoft has a strong foot print in many many industries, which leads to a good variety of industry and career options. it is a relatively stable environment, and management is usually competent.
Great people you work alongside with, interesting range of technology and products, improving career development, decent work/life balance. Redmond area is great for families. Most of all, the benefits are great.
Benefits, and time off. Good management in the marketing org.
The company still attracts and retains good engineering talent. The benefits program is outstanding. The company still has an extremely strong presence in the PC/desktop market. Very good compensation.
Microsoft offers excellent pay for relatively inexperienced developers. Even as a junior developer I was given responsibility, but I always had a mentor to aid me when I didn't know what to do.  I shared an office with another developer, but I can't think of any engineering positions that had cubicles or open floor spots.  There are many training sessions occurring and career progression seemed like a very formalised system - it's easy to see what you need to do to advance.  Self-evaluation and goal setting is encouraged by managers. These goals and evaluations are used when determining bonuses or career progression.
Good work environment and great benefits. Work/life balance isn't bad at all although this is something you need to actively manage otherwise work does tend to take over your life.
Diverse range of products and technologies. Products that have huge impact on the World at large. Instant brand recognition. Great working environment, some truly brilliant engineers and software builders. Some phenomenal engineering practices.
provides plenty of online courses, in class sessions, and a book budget to learn new technologies. They also provide you with an online portal where knowledge can be exchanged and discussions can continue on why one technology is better than the other. When on a project, the more senior folks will take the time to help teach you what is needed to get up to speed and move quickly through each task. In time you will be doing the same for some one else – this is truly a rewarding feeling. When you are given a job to do – do it well! No matter what the task is – accept it and do it well. Keep doing this and you will have proven your self to be a good worker. Accenture will help you grow by giving you more and more. As you complete each task – you don’t realize it but you are learning something new that will in fact help you with gain a broader spectrum of applicable knowledge – this is when Accenture will open up newer opportunities to you. That is, if you know how to apply the knowledge you have acquired
Benefits are amazing and addictive. Work with smart and passionate people. Empowered to get things done.
Salaries: The salaries are VERY competitive. This is common knowledge in the Seattle area. Unlike other companies, we are offered a salary that is hard to beat and they are willing to meet you halfway if they can when it comes to compensation.  The Benefits: We pay absolutely NOTHING for healthcare, vision or dental... NOTHING... Our insurance is the best and we don't even have to pay co-pays or for medication... Furthermore, MSFT offers a Legal Plan to employees... It also pays for gym membership to the best gym in town Pro Sports Club.  The Perks: Software and devices offered by MSFT can be purchased at the MSFT Store for super cheap. You also receive a Discount Card which has THE best discounts in all of Seattle. Imagine buy one entree and get the second free at the nicest restaurants in the city? This program applies to anything you can imagine - from restaurants to zoos/aquariums, plays, car purchases, spas, travel, you name it!
opportunites to grow, great people, great benifits. You can move between different orgs to continue challenging yourself
The benefit package is outstanding and makes it easy to find service providers, The casual work environment is very conducive to brainstorming & problem solving. The ability to go into work each day and work with some of the smartest, most creative people on the planet. Generally speaking, these are educated, outspoken, opinionated yet tolerant, caring people who love to give their all, do a good job, beat the competition, and have fun while doing it. Morale money is allocated each month per employee to go to movies, play paintball, etc. Friendships forged at Microsoft tend to outlast your employment - it really is a people place to work.
Experience? and i guess the benefits are good.
- Great technologies (you know that you are working on products that affects the life of millions of people) - Good benefits package - Opportunities for career growt and advancement - Great colleagues to work with, very intelligent and talented
Excellent benefits in the US. 100% paid medical (no prescription cost or copay for visits), although dental and vision are not quite as good. Great pay compared to my prior position. Nice annual bonus and stock awards if your review is good, although it isn't going to make anyone rich.
The chance to work on the broadest, most impactful, and highest revenue software businesses in the world.
An internship at Microsoft has been a great experience and I would highly recommend it to anyone. The pay and benefits for interns is better than most other internships. Above this, however, the way in which Microsoft structures their internships is very refreshing compared to past internships I've had. Intern projects at Microsoft are incredibly well thought out and are designed so that you can complete them during the summer, make an impact, and not have to learn every intricacy of the product you are working on.  As for working for Microsoft in general, everyone seems to be very happy with their jobs and I have yet to see much that would make me want to work anywhere else.
Great Benefit, huge career opportunities , variety of people & technologies. You may come across many smart individuals. It's amazing to see depth & breadth of technologies & people they have. Each group/ organization is like company within a company. They have completely different working style, technologies , people skills & possibly evaluation process. Upper management & HR is really working hard to make it a better place to work, but I think they don't realize that real bottleneck is their hierarchy & too many managers. Company with great history & big name, so you can be proud of when you go home.
Great place for an internship. Allows you to get real world experience and make a difference. The work is challenging, guided while not being too stifiling. HR works well with the interns, ensuring that they are taken care off. But with so many interns (and regular employees), "things" are bound to happen. While definitely not the best in the industry, the benefits are decent enough.
Career development, ability to make great impact, work & life balance, diversified products
Top company. Good health benefits. Work life balance is good. Opportunity to work with some of the top people in the industry and learn a lot. Plenty of teams within and many interesting projects to work. Internal transfer between teams is allowed (compensation and level wont change even though you have the experience) so you can get a diverse experience (server side stuff, devices etc. ). As long as you have the skills you can also try out different roles like SDE, SDET, and PM. Some of the teams have excellent software engineering practices. It is easy to find rental accomodation closer to the company which is an upside for me. Great for junior and college hires.
Smart people. Good work-life balance. Good training opportunities. Microsoft generally offers a variety of classes at their campuses (such as the SVC campus) so you can usually find something you like. Microsoft medical benefit is still No. 1 in the industry. So take advantage of it while you can.
Microsoft believes its mission is to provide people around the world with tools that enable them to make their lives better. Tools that empower people to communicate, solve problems and innovate. Its a noble cause, for which one can feel some measure of pride.  Microsoft is growing, perhaps not as much as we would all like, but it is increasing employees every year. The opportunities across professional disciplines, businesses and geographies are significant. Want to work overseas? Pick a country, transferring is relatively easy. Want to work on an incubation product, or perhaps the big dog Windows? Ok. Transferring between business groups can be done too. One can amass a diver portifolio of experiences here. It offers a unique career development landscape. And because Microsoft has such a diverse set of businesses, it can weather economic or geographic risk pretty well, meaning it is a place where one can feel some semblance of job security.
Very challenging work environment that forces you to be actively involved in all phases of the Software Lifecycle. It is an ideal place to grow across all facets of a Software Engineer.
The pay is great here at Microsoft. And at Redmond you really get to see a lot. The best thing about a corporation like Microsoft is that there're a lot of things, from hardware to software to research, from productivity to OS to gaming, from the sales to product management. IT's a great place to start fi you haven't figured out exactly which route you wanna go.
While you may well be a small cog in a big wheel, being part of a big wheel means having an opportunity to crush the competition. There are few companies where you truly have an opportunity to make a difference, win and win big. Microsoft is clearly such a company.
Great opportunity to grow your career. There are vast number of different teams that operate on different principles, different goals, different technologies, you can almost always find a career path that interests you. The ability to work with some of the brightest people out there is something that's often overlooked and taken for granted while you are at Microsoft. Imagine any technical issue you run into, you have access to unlimited technical people, including those that designed the feature. This is invaluable to those geeks like us.
Microsoft believes its mission is to provide people around the world with tools that enable them to make their lives better. Tools that empower people to communicate, solve problems and innovate. Its a noble cause, for which one can feel some measure of pride.  Microsoft is growing, perhaps not as much as we would all like, but it is increasing employees every year. The opportunities across professional disciplines, businesses and geographies are significant. Want to work overseas? Pick a country, transferring is relatively easy. Want to work on an incubation product, or perhaps the big dog Windows? Ok. Transferring between business groups can be done too. One can amass a diver portifolio of experiences here. It offers a unique career development landscape. And because Microsoft has such a diverse set of businesses, it can weather economic or geographic risk pretty well, meaning it is a place where one can feel some semblance of job security.
Smart people, great benefits package
-Job security -Work/life balance -Generally, hands off management (good and bad) -Benefits -Technology and knowledge sharing (if you know how to access it) -Being around smart people
If you have a family with dependents to care for, then the benefits are great. I suspect that's the primary reason many of average people hang on to Microsoft.
The most career choices, the most opportunities, the best benefits in the Seattle area. Some of the brightest people are employed there. You can learn a lot from others. The company is stable. There is a lot of support for Microsoft in the Seattle area. Microsoft is known around the world. Life/work balance is respected. If you want a change, you can always look elsewhere within the company. Free drinks, decent and affordable food available on campus. Main campus is beautiful. Relaxed, diverse, friendly, intelligent environment. Good commute benefits (free bus, etc). Telecommuting is supported. Software discounts, freebies. Somewhat "fun" morale events.
The people, benefits, salary. There are so many intelligent and hard working individuals at Microsoft, it was a great environment. A lot of opportunity to learn and move around.
Stability, benefits, brilliant coworkers, a sense of pride, Seattle (a wonderful town), a competitive Type-A atmosphere, a heck of a soccer field, good (if not free) food.
The pay and benefits at Microsoft are incredibly good, especially the benefits. You also get a lot of intellectual stimulation and are challenged. Change is the norm at this company, and dramatic changes happen at least once a year.
It is a great place that truley cares about its employees and their development.
Benefits, work/life balance, compensation, ability to change roles or specialties.
There is no lack of resources at your disposal but the best part about working for Microsoft were the smart and passionate people that you got to work with everyday. The bar is still very high there. They are also doing many cool things in many different areas of technology. Many companies under 1 roof. But as with most companies, the higher up the chain you go, the more you need to be prepared with managing people, managers, budgets as opposed to building, executing, and innovating
Resources on the intranet are tremendous. People are (for the most part) very smart. Software/Product discounts are great.
Money and opportunities are only as good as when you get in the door...after that, unless you are a professional networker...not good
1) Talent - bright, focused, motivated, experienced, energetic people from all over the world, 2) Resources - funding to work on long-term, ambitious projects, 3) Global reach - ability to deliver solutions to customers world-wide
It is a famous company. Microsoft's name on your resume will open many doors for you. There are still a lot of smart people here. The paid is OK for me. I may get a little bit more in other big tech companies in the area, however, it is just not worth the hassle to change job.
The chance to build software millions of people will use while working with some of the smartest people anywhere. Good salaries (especially at higher experience levels) and awesome health benefits for everyone. Microsoft has a reputation for poor frontline management, but there's been a huge focus on improvement that has mostly paid off. Even though the company has 90k+ employees, it retains some of the entrepreneurial spirit of the past.
In Microsoft you get to have the broadest impact on the industry and the world. It is exciting and scary. The compensation is good and when you get to a partner level, it is phenomenal (really!). The company is built for the long term, there is no rush for short term gains. This also means not burning the employees with very long hours. The management team is smart, even brilliant.
Micrososft has great benefits, reasonable pay and high quality people. It's diversified line of products and offerings makes it fairly easy to shift technology or business focus without changing employers. The company really bends over backwards to ensure good working conditions and an atmosphere of respect. Career advancement is strongly based on merit.
Having worked with MSFT technologies for over 12 years, one would dream of working for the “Mother Ship”. For many MCSE’s and techies alike, there is no better company then to work for. Playing and tinkering with the latest bits like Windows Servers or SharePoint is a dream come true. Even if you are not a uber-geek, one can still respect the level of technical brilliance this company offers.
You work with great people. Some of the smartest in the industry
1. High-impact products with millions of customers. 2. Reasonable resource allocation. 3. Reasonably easy to find opportunities on different teams.
Meritocracy. Very smart people. Lots of opportunities to grow. Frequent change.
Smart people, constant change and great challenges
Best company in the area and very flexible
There are numerous reasons for why I choose to work for Microsoft: getting paid for what I really enjoy doing, excellent advancement opportunities, fast growing company, great benefits, fun working environment, extremely talented/smart people etc.
You have the opportunity to make an impact on the world stage along side some of the best and the brightest from all over the world. Microsoft takes an active interest in developing its employees and their compensation and benefits are top-notch.  Microsoft listens to its employees. The programs and benefits it offers are constantly changing in reponse to that feedback.  Finally, its a company with a very diverse product line that is always moving into new areas so it's possible to make big career changes without needing to start over with a new company.
Job stability, and get chance to work in latest technology.
Great all around place to work. Tons of resources to get your job done.
Microsoft is a fantastic company that has a lot of opportunity for career diversity, growth and challenge. The benefits package is second to none. I don't have a co-pay at the Dr, and I get 4 weeks of vacation. For all of Microsoft's faults, the company really does take to heart all of the criticism of the industry and I have never seen a company where customer satisfaction is so important.  A lot of people love to hate Microsoft because of some boneheaded decisions that we have made in the past and for decisions that we continue to make in small pockets. Don't sterotype the whole company because of this, and also don't stop giving us feedback. We need to hear it,
Incredible benefits, stability, ability to impact the industry and the world through great (or not so great) products, rewards vary by group, but if you're in a good group, there is substantial upside in total compensation (salary + commission + bonus + stock awards + spot bonuses + contests), working in the U S Field is much different than working at corporate in Redmond (pros and cons)
overall benefit, access to the general technical resources
Wold leader in Software development, fun atmosphere, working along with smartest people in the world.
Lots of smart people. Lots of cool and different projects to work on. Treats employees well. Good benefits. Very professional. Lots of resources.
Great opportunity for professional growth, good pay, incredible benefits.  Working in the Puget Sound region (HQ), the opportunities to take on different and challenging job opportunities is vast. The company is constantly, through a disciplined and thorough review process, driving employees to consider the direction of their own careers. It's not a lip service hassle like I've experienced at other companies.  My wife actually said, "I love Microsoft," the other day when reading a medical insurance explanation of benefits. Our medical benefits are as good as they get. When I checked in for a doc's appointment the other day, the administrative person said, "You have the best benefits. No one has benefits like this!" If you have a young family like I do, this is very meaningful!
Microsoft offers a transparent workplace that values and rewards fact based decision making. The team that I work on is fantastic, and this sentiment is shared broadly across my extended group. Expectations are high at Microsoft, personal accountability is expected, contributions are recognized and efforts are rewarded. I particularly value the self-awareness that is so central to the culture at Microsoft. Product/service limitations are openly acknowledged, and they drive people to work hard at improving what we produce. Finally, living and working in the Pacific Northwest is a privilege that makes the damper months more than worth it. The natural surroundings are nothing short of stunning, a fact I'm frequently reminded of when I return home from my many business trips.
Microsoft is the best company I have worked for. It has the best of the best people, a great culture that appeals to a higher purpose and beyond just a job or even a career. The leaders are the best of the breed in that they truly care about the business and drive hard for results and innovation and always raise the bar. The opportunity to learn from each other and to grow is tremendous. Microsoft made me see and realize what is possible and it had a huge impact on my outlook on life and on me as an individual. I love it, not inspite of but because of all the challenges and growth I went through.
As Bill Gates says: "This is the place where you can change the world". It is quite true. That is probably the single most reason for me to work. Compensation package is at par with industry. Tremendos opportunities for professional and career growth. Clear cut defined roles and expectations. Best in the nation medical coverage.
• The benefits and pay are very good. Healthcare for you and your family is top notch, you won’t find another company with better benefits. This isn’t too important if you are single, but as you begin to raise a family, the healthcare alone with keep you on board!  • If you are passionate and work hard and smart, there are plenty of areas for advancement in testing, development, and management. Although you may need to jump teams, projects, or just mangers, you can always find somewhere to grow.  • The company promotes employee growth with goals and commitments you are held accountable for each year. They drive you to be your best, and reward you for it.  • You are surrounded by some of the sharpest and talented people in the business at every turn. You’ll never stop learning from great people.  • The company is big enough for you to move around to different products and fields. You often have your own office (no cube farms!). There is truly something for everyone here.  • You get to live in the beautiful Pacific Northwest. Mountains, forests, mild climate (very little humidity). It’s one of the most beautiful areas in the country.  • The most amazing R&D in the industry. The research fairs held once a year blow my mind!
Because it's good to be able to laugh while you work, because knowledge sharing is encouraged and rewarded, because your opinion is valued, because teamwork is the norm, rather than the exception, because the days fly by, because every day you learn something, becasue you are empowered to make decisions. Having worked in other organizations that talk about "fostering an environment of excellence" or "being above the line" it is extremely refreshing and exhilerating to be in an environment that doesn't talk about these ideals, but rather lives them. I may not always like to get up in the morning, but I do very much enjoy coming to work - given the amount of our lives that we dedicate to work, it is a HUGE deal to want to come to work.
Pays well, learn a lot, get respect from peers and management. I believe that this short sequence of words sums things up very well and that I really don't need to say anything further. Some, like the creators of this site, might disagree, but I think that my statement fully addresses the question.
Microsoft is a very large company, but there are lots of opportunities to take on challenges across a wide variety of technologies. Employees can join groups that are 1.0/startup mode, or others that are working on v.12.  The employee benefits package is the new 'golden handcuffs' for the company. Anyone with a family weights our benefits as one of the most important reasons for staying with the company.
The best health benefits of any company in the US. A truly inquisitive culture despite the impressions of those that don' work there. On average, all of the folks I encounter at Microsoft have exceptional intellect, passion and empathy.
Networking with people in your industry. Ability to move to other business units.
It is hard to find anyplace else that gives you the freedom to get the job done than at Microsoft. There is very little micromanagement. The groups that I have been in focus on execution and getting stuff done versus the process around how you got it done. By and large you have access to great resources and minds to accomplish big things.
You can have a major, positive impact on a huge number of people while learning from an extremely talented set of peers. The company operates and succeeds by listening to ideas from anyone and everyone, internal and external, then weighs trade offs and make product plans. They are also willing to change product plans as needed to strive toward customer satisfaction and adoption. Although multiple releases may be needed with a specific product to really hit a successful stride, the persistence and investment made by the company often results in great success for the company and consumers alike. The effect you can have on a large number of customers to improve their efficiencies and enable new scenarios is simply amazing.
There is a lot of great things going on and employees are trusted. Actually a little more than that, employees are respected. One of the amazing things is just how many products and groups that Microsoft has. It is down right fun to work here and when you run accross a Microsoft product that is junk it is okay to say it is junk. You just need to have a good reason why.
Working for a company that changes the way the world works is cool.
The compensation is good bordering on great. The top performers in a group have the chance to make a large bonus (bordering on $20k) and also get a large stock bonus (an additional $20-40k, albeit vested over 5 years).  The biggest drive for me is working on a product that millions of people are using around the world, and building technology from the ground up that many developers will leverage. Read: Visibility.  Benefits are second to none. Microsoft honestly has the best health insurance of any company I've ever seen, as its A. Free, B. Covers %100 of everything.  Beyond that there are a lot of great, smart people you have the opportunity to work with.
Flexible work environment that encouranges innovation
Vast array of opportunities to work on many different software projects. If it can be done with software, it's being done here somewhere. Very stable company with long term employement guarenteed.
High performance culture. Merit-based. Basically, if you work only two hours a day, but are a performance monster, you are pretty much okay. Though technically, anyone like that at Microsoft would work 24 hrs/day just because they want to. It's a very fun place to work though.
The pay is really good
Solid compensation and benefits, many career paths, opportunities to learn, improve your skills and grow. Microsoft's products have a massive impact on the computing world and are used by millions every day.
The free health insurance cannot be beat. We had twin daughters that both spent time in the NICU and didn't spend a dime. There are abundant career opportunities. There are great opportunities to work with many software industry leaders and experts.
Excellent Benefits, HR VP is great and has good employee empathy Good growth opportunity
Autonomy, flexibility, the ability to work on technology that impacts millions of users, great work environment, good benefits, supportive and approachable managers, recognition for work well done, work/life balance, passionate, & smart people, the ability to easily change positions within the company and try out new things.
Career Opportunities and training is great here
1) It has lot of Variety in the type of work you can do. 2) tremendous opportunity to grow and learn new things. 3) a very organized approach to quality
If you find the right manager and the right group, it's possible to go far. The benefits are stellar, with no co-pays on anything. We get stock grants instead of options, so that's just an extra cash gift (albeit one that pays out over five years).  There are lots of challenges to be had in the company, and it's not too hard to carve out your own niche and really shine. If you don't like what you're currently doing now, there's a lot of opportunity to try out something new -- even changing disciplines if that's what you like. Name any pair of disciplines, and I can show you an example of someone who switched between those two disciplines.
Unlimited growth potential. Opportunity to work in in virtually any IT technology area and apply yourself to virtually any field or industry in any professional capacity, from consumer to enterprise to public sector to education.
If you find the right manager and the right group, it's possible to go far. The benefits are stellar, with no co-pays on anything. We get stock grants instead of options, so that's just an extra cash gift (albeit one that pays out over five years).  There are lots of challenges to be had in the company, and it's not too hard to carve out your own niche and really shine. If you don't like what you're currently doing now, there's a lot of opportunity to try out something new -- even changing disciplines if that's what you like. Name any pair of disciplines, and I can show you an example of someone who switched between those two disciplines.
Unlimited growth potential. Opportunity to work in in virtually any IT technology area and apply yourself to virtually any field or industry in any professional capacity, from consumer to enterprise to public sector to education.
Brand name, benefits, job security
* You get a chance to work on things that A LOT of people will use. You get to use new technologies and learn new things. * Work/Life balace is VERY important and people take it very seriously. While there is sometimes crunch time, almost nobody looks at you funny for wanting to go home and be with your family. * I have found that excellence is HIGHLY rewarded and that management - from direct to upper really try to show you they appreciate you. * While it has it's down-side, the quality that you ship is amazing - due to the insane amount of testing, integration periods etc.
the best company all around
It used to be the chance to make a lot of money. Now, the benefits are amazing and so long as you do a good job, there are no concerns about job security.  The company store is awesome.
simply the greatest place to work for, they take care of everything provide a seperate office to work for, take care of insurance and medical bills, good fitness programs, and even pay for your massages (i wish) - but jokes aside, this company gives you everything that you need to focus purely on work and forget about the rest of the world. Sure, there is enough share of bureaucracy in this company, but keeping hte politics aside, this is a great place to work. i've seen people move up the ladder as fast as they can to be a VP in like 10 years. that is simply phenomenal that you can accomplish this in the company.
Due to the size and breadth of the business, there is always a new experience to be had. There are so many opportunities to work in support, sales, product development, research, marketing, the list goes on and on. You are allowed to look for new opportunities or position after one year in your current role, so it is nearly impossible to get bored. The benefit package is amazing, by far the best this reviewer has ever experienced.
The culture at Microsoft is very accepting and diverse. Microsoft also seems to be genuinely interested in the welfare of their employees. The medical plan is great and there are SO many communities in Microsoft you can belong to. They have pool tables, ping pong, volleyball courts, foosball and they give you free membership to one of the best sports clubs. There is also free soda and starbucks machines in every building in the campus.  Microsoft always encourages the use of cutting edge technology and is constantly pushing every department to upgrade to the latest and greatest tools of the trade.
You get to work with some of the most talented people in the World. Diversity is vast! You get to work on some of the coolest products (if you are good enough!). The opportunities for advancement or change are available to anyone. If you want to travel and see the world you could get a job internaltionally and gain experience that way. Work-life balance (able to do what I need to do during the day and still get my work done), no set hours, just set meeting times. Flexibility to have children and cater to their needs while still maintaining a career in a high tech company.
The chance to have significant impact on products and services that are used by and are important to hundreds of millions of people around the world. And, because the company does so many different things, if you get bored or dissatisfied by what you're working on or the people you're working on, you can switch to something different very easily. From conservative cash cow with tons of process to nimble, risky startups with 5 cowboy coders, the company has all kinds of groups.  The benefits are top notch - no we don't have free food but we have good food and it's not too expensive (and if we had free food I'd probably gain too much weight anyway). Also, there are pockets that do have free snacks - it depends if a group wants to spend part of its budget on snacks for the team - they typically sit in the group admin's office rather than in a microkitchen.  One con is the process and bureaucracy - but the flip side is that things run incredibly smoothly. Support services, such as building maintenance & moves, IT, etc. all are well funded and make what seems like magic happen to the individual employee.
At Microsoft, you’ll get the best on-the-job training in the world, while enjoying a casual, flexible work environment where you can choose everything
Work life balance, good feedback for your work, can switch jobs without leaving MSFT, and benefits
The caliber of people you get to work with is uniformly high. Advancement is on the basis of merit, not political bootlicking. The pay and benefits are great, conditions are good. You have an opportunity to change the world in ways that improve the lives of millions of people. What's not to like?
Benefit and the bonus package
The best reasons to join Microsoft are the sheer number of talented people around, the incredible reach our products have, and the amount of available resources (money, equipment) to build pretty much anything. Where else will you build a 500 person team (with at least 300 very good people) in one year and get a couple hundred million dollars to deliver a new product? I have been through that process twice in my eight years with the company. Twenty percent time is crap. At Microsoft you can move across groups every 12 months if you want and I don't know of any other place where you have so many different products and team cultures. From very slow, calculated teams like SQL to extremely nimble and fast (and startup crazy-like) teams like Search and AdCenter.
You have the opportunity to work on any aspect of Computer Science you want. There are some really good engineers here. You get some unique experience that you cannot get from other places. Seattle is a beautiful places.
Health benefits, various perks here and there. Excellent job security, especially comparied to other companies in the same industry. Very flexible work hours, you don't actually have to work very hard if you don't really want to get back much. Generally speaking, you are surrounded with intelligent people, which is not neccessarily true at other companies. If you want to, it's possible to learn and grow well, at the lower levels at any rate (entry level to minorly senior levels).
The Health benefits are the one of the better reasons to work there.
Microsoft is a big company with many opportunities, and little worry that the company and/or group you're working in will "shut down". I know I can come in to work every day and do a good job, and not worry about one or two people who are running the company making bad decisions that will affect my daily life. I'm able to make long term decisions because I know and trust my employer.
Microsoft is a big company with many opportunities, and little worry that the company and/or group you're working in will "shut down". I know I can come in to work every day and do a good job, and not worry about one or two people who are running the company making bad decisions that will affect my daily life. I'm able to make long term decisions because I know and trust my employer.
ability to work on software used by a large number of customers lots of smart people, opportunity to learn a lot if you use it
If you want to have a decent place to work and just simply wait for your golden years, and retire peacefully, this is the place to be. You'll be in a cozy management position with no responsibilities and no accounting for your actions, or on an individual contributor role, where you'll be only in meetings and bullshitting others. They have good benefits, pretty safe environment, in a lot of ways similar to government jobs. In short, it's great for people that just want a steady 9 to 5 , relaxed environment and job security with decent benefits added to the soup.
By far the number one reason to work at Microsoft is job benefits and security. It's a large well-established company and highly profitable. Top-notch benefits coupled with the almost impossibility of getting fired mean lots of people who can and do coast. Having said that, some of the smartest people I've ever worked with are at MS.
The pay is sort of ok.
You have a fresh masters in CS and want to get some experience.  You wonder how smart people can create such bad software.
Pay and benefits are fantastic as well as the tools provided.
Cool technology, great management. The benefits the the best!
Compensation, access to new software.
The flexibility is amazing and there are a light of bright people that enable teamwork. I personally love the entrepreneurship attitude which allows me to run my section of the business as I see fit. Lastly, the trust from the front-line and second-line managers is amazing.
The ability to grow your career and develop a career path is astounding. There are different projects to work on and anything that you're interested in you have the opportunities available to learn and explore different avenues. There are mentorship programs in place to add an additional resource to help you better yourself and expand your skillset to learn more about the business.
The people are great - smart, supportive, interesting, and just make it a great place to work. The benefits are off the wall outstanding. People listen to you. They may not agree or do what you suggest but they do listen.
I found Microsoft to be a safe, supportive place to work. Everyone knows their job and sticks to it. People shouldn't take this for granted because in other places, sometimes even your job description and/or expectations is ambiguous. The benefits are great especially free health care. I always felt like my managers and peers had my best interest and my career advancement in mind right up alongside the team's success. I believe that MS is a company of integrity, one that support great causes and supports the employee as far as possible. There is always someone to learn from or some piece of technology to learn about right there in house. So learning and mentorship opportunities are both plentiful.
The benefits are top notch. The pay is solid, if not spectacular, but decent given the stability and low risk. In teams I've been on, work-life-balance is excellent. Oh, and occasionally we get to write software.
Cool technology, great management. The benefits the the best!
Smart people but misguided in the sense that they "know what's right" without ever involving the actual customer.
Impact, relevance, position and drive to be a leader in the software industry makes Microsoft a great company to work for and enables all people, processes, companies, governments and organizations that use Microsoft software to realise their full potential.
Good work place, nice environment.
If you want to learn how software is built, there are few other companies that have as much history and experience as microsoft.
There are some very smart people here, and some very interesting technology. Lots of fun techie toys to play with in the course of your job, and a decent amount of support (sometimes) for doing things in new and better ways. The pay is decent, if you can avoid getting screwed over by the recruiter when you first start. Work life balance is typically respected, and it's extremely easy to get time off or work flex time when you need to. The locale is good, with lots of things to do when you aren't working. Plus you get to make Balmer Chair jokes.
Smart People, and not just smart in coding, but smart overall. Also, for a company Microsoft's size, they still tend to occasionally turn out above average products. I would also comment that the compensation was the market price. It is a good place to write code. Support staff, atleast in the Microsoft Hyderabad (india) office where I worked was very bad. They would keep creating problems for me.
Microsoft gives software developers a lot of personal freedom over both the work and the work environment. I can order my own supplies, customize my office as I see fit, schedule my own trips and meetings, and select my own training courses. I choose when I show up for work and when I leave, and what to wear while I'm there. I can eat on campus or off, reheat something from home in the kitchen or scavenge leftovers from meetings. I can even work remotely from home (within reason).
- Writing software for MIcrosoft makes you think about aspects you probably would never encounter if you worked elsewhere, especially if divisions like WIndows and Office - Roles are more cut and dry so if you are the kind of person who likes to just focus on the position you are hired for, the infrastructure helps you do that
It's alright i guess. I work with some cool people.
Outstanding benefits and lots of smart, passionate people. Company has a long-term commitment to markets and initiatives. No shortage of vision.
The power of a giant in the industry. Microsoft has been around for so many years, yet it has continued to grow and expand, into new product and service areas. Although with varying degree of success, there is no question the giant is a force to be recognized in almost every area that it chooses to enter.
The network of smart, talented people is large. Lots of perks.
Microsoft has great facilities and comprehensive, progressive benefits packages. The intra-company opportunities are incredibly diverse and one can have a start-up like atmosphere (albeit w/o the reward) within a big, stable company.
Benefits. Open environment. Wicked smart people. Job choices and career opportunities. Lot's of money to be innovative. Not afraid to think outside the box. Not afraid to take chances. More focus on having better people managers. Access to the Pro Club. Well stocked kitchens. Willing to try new ideas and options for morale improvement.
The level of personal empowerment is great. You can do whatever it takes (within the bounds of company values) to get the job done. Microsoft has a number of different jobs available and you are generally supported to move from one role to another across the company or across the world.
A great place to learn from very smart and experienced people. I sometimes hear from people at other employers complain about incomptent coworkers. While I do not agree with everyone (or may think they are arguing for a bad idea) I respect those around me a great deal and often find myself learning a great deal from them.  Great opportunities for visibility both internally and externally. Internally, I find for the most part accomplishments are recognized and rewarded (either via advancement or individual awards). Externally, I can maybe name a handful of companies where your work will be seen and used by more people during the course of their day.
- The medical benefits at Microsoft are easily the best in the US, especially if you have a family - Lots of interesting projects to work on - In many teams a lot of freedom to manage your time - Salary in general is good for the cost of living in Seattle
Despite Microsoft been broadly painted on the outside as a faceless corporation, it is a west coast tech company on the inside and it is full of a lot of geeks who are passionate about what they do. There is a ton to learn from a lot of really smart people, if you put the effort in. If you think there's nothing you can learn about engineering software by working at Microsoft, you're kidding yourself.  Employees are looked after well with benefits: health care, gym membership, the bus system, individual offices, free food (during crunch times), free drinks, etc. Depending on your team, you may take part in some pretty cool morale events (cruises, paintballing, jet skiing, etc.) and/or ship parties.  There are seemingly unlimited resources (except for time) when it comes to getting your job done. Hardware, both in the office and the labs, software, released and private, educational resources such as online courses, internal talks, guest talks, MS library, mentors.  The people are generally open-minded when it comes to non-MS technologies. There is no stigma against using Google for search, walking around campus with an iPhone or using vim to edit a text file (ok, this is not necessarily true if you worked on certain product teams). There is a healthy dose of criticism of our own products, even if this is never portrayed externally. Pragmatism and using the right tool for the right job are a solid part of the internal culture.
If you work in Redmond, the career opportunities or great. It rewards success, and the people are fun for the most part. Benefits are great and if you are women and/or mom, there is a lot of support with most management.
Pay, Free time, Good location
Microsoft is interesting in that it presents some of the most difficult challenges a huge company faces in this era. I found many of Microsoft's employees particularly outside of Redmond to be stellar and delightful collaborators.
Great benefits, great technology, great people. You can form a pretty good social network and you must in order to be able to find out what is going on and get things done.
I like that I am surrounded by some of the sharpest brains I have come across. I get stuck? Just walk into my neigbor's office and he'll brainstorm with me. Anytime. Doesn't matter he is 5 levels senior to me. I like that we are agile and anyone from the grass-roots to senior manangement influences what we do. I like that Microsoft will bend the rules to ensure I'm happy. Best of all, I like our software diversity. Get bored with my current job? Heck, I can join any of the 1000 teams here waiting to grab me. Tomorrow.
Opportunity to make an impact. Strength of the engineering organization
working in a company that develops high end software
working in a company that develops high end software
There are a lot of great opportunities at Microsoft, and room for advancement as well. Additionally, since Microsoft has a diverse set of products, there is the potential for lateral movement if you are interested in exploring a different product area. In addition, you get to use geeky lexicon like "ping me later" or "let's take this offine", etc. :-) Of course, there are the great health benefits...among the best in the biz. This is a great place for someone fresh out of college to work, because there are so many different areas of Microsoft. If Microsoft opens up a substantial presence in the downtown Seattle area in the coming years, I will definitely check out what opportunites there are.
Everything about the company is fantastic..
Free Soda and that is about it.
Benefits are good, pay is decent and campus life is great. It really depends on what group you are in and if your management team values their employees and seeing them suceed.
flexible hours, travel abroad, decent pay
Microsoft has great benefits and plenty of options to work in different businesses give the scope of Microsoft's products and services.
the job perks are good
You typically stands at the frontline of technologies. You have relatively easy and direct access to the source code, spec, and the people who wrote those code. You can get information outsider may not get. There are also lot of training programs and knowledge sharing through various technical discussion alias. In one word, best place to learn Microsoft technology stack (of course). You get chance to work with smarter people. You benefits from it by pushing yourself beyond the limit. Of course you also have to work with mediocre ones as well. Great benefits package.
It's a great and dynamic environment, with flexible work hours, and a very young and vibrant team. We are like a start-up, we work hard, party hard, and overall have a great time at work and outside of it. People are from all backgrouns, they have bachelor's degrees, masters degrees, and come from various parts of the world! People respect each other, they support each other, and you can always count on your friends, and turn to anyone for help. You'll never hear no as an answer. Microsoft is a fantastic place to work, and I highly recommend it! Come and join us.
Microsoft is involved in so many different technologies. They also have a very open attitude toward (even encouraging of) internal transfers. Want to work with XML? SOAP? Rather forcus on SQL for a while? How about games? Music? Mobile? You can be among the first to work with new versions of Visual Studio, Windows, whatever. Add to this the fact that you are working for one of the most recognized companies in the world!
- Very smart people working alongside of you. This sounds like a fanboy type of comment, but when I talk with other friends from college and compare some of the stuff they have to deal with at work with coworkers who are unable to write/design any programs, I realize that I never have had to deal with that here.  - Great benefits. I don't necessarily need all of them since I do not have any children yet so the health care plan doesn't come into account as much as it does for others...but it is great not having to pay anything for doctor/dentist/pharmacy visits  - Ability to move around the company with ease...lots of products in a wide range of areas keeps me interested and working here for longer than I originally thought I would.  - Products you work on are used by millions of people. I get a lot of personal (maybe selfish?) satisfaction from seeing my product used by so many people so quickly.  - Flexible hours...can work from home if I want...can take a day off if necessary without any issues...so long as I am getting my work done.
The variety of teams and the flexibility of internal transfers makes this a great place to work for. I have had the good luck of working in a team which values employees and fosters a culture of transparency but I see that this is not always the case. The benefits package is definitely top notch - I have not had to pay any money for my dental, vision and heath care needs. All employees in Redmond get access to a really well equipped ( but very crowded) gym. Also, the location is excecllent - Pacific Northwest IMHO is a far prettier place than say CA.
It's a very stable and steady company, with some very interesting products and projects. As Engineer, you're still technically challenged everyday. There are still lots of very bright people around to work with and learn from. People are generally very open and respectful to each other. Benefits are great and compensation package is still somewhat competitive. Company has spent a lot of effort in past few years in HR, which is viewed by some as red tape, but it does enforce some kind of structure and transparency and growth path for employees. Overall, it's a good place to work, not the most exciting though.
Microsoft is a force-multiplier. When you build products, 100s of millions of people will be impacted by your work. It's a company that respects individuals -- benefits are great, people are encouraged to speak up. It's a large company with many smaller companies and cultures, which means that if you don't like your current group, or you want to try something different, you can move easily to something else. Microsoft is ambitious, which is exciting -- there is very little that the company does not think it can do successfully. No other company has efforts in as many diverse areas (from games and consoles to compilers to high-end computing to massively-scaled software services). As long as you have confidence in yourself and your abilities, you can do pretty much anything.
Pros: As an intern: Great benefits (Geared towards college students, which basically means free stuff like mini fridges, shirts, zunes, etc). As far as DevDiv is concerned (Developer Division), I was very happy with how my teamed worked, and treated interns. Did their best to help you learn, such as even sending interns to conferences (which I was quite surprised about). If I had to do it again, I would defiantly accept the offer. What was really awesome was working on a project that would actually get released to millions of users, which is something that can't usually be said for most places. The random events that they host for interns is the best part. Make sure to go to as many as you can.
work life balance, working with some of the smartest people in the industry
endless opportunities and lots of support to do your best. there are lots of resources to help and a culture that rewards sucessful driven people.
Being in a big company has given me a great perspective in all aspects of job roles. There are unlimited opprotunities within this company, and if you have a passion, you are encouraged to drive it to completion
Opportunities to work on great projects. Great chance to have an impact on the industry. Touch the lives of millions and millons of people.
Technology, period. Microsoft has some of the brightest people in the world contributing to the common goal of advancing technology.
chance to make money from stock options. at least this used to be true - I left in 2000 at the height of the dot com boom.
The best reasons to work at Microsoft are job security and the ability to move around within the company. Generally as long as you're in a position for at least three years you'll see some advancement in terms of your level, but only to a point. Staying somewhere too long is a common issue and can be worse than moving on too quickly.  The health benefits are also excellent.
Salaries are not bad compared to competitors. Several different projects that you can work on. Several different technologies that you can work on. Very good internal training programs.
work life balance, working with some of the smartest people in the industry
1. You have all the resources available to excel in your position 2. Work Culture is good. 3. Smart, intelligent people to work with. 4. Great Benefits 5. Lots of opportunities for personal and professional growth.
endless opportunities and lots of support to do your best. there are lots of resources to help and a culture that rewards sucessful driven people.
benefits and # of opportunities
Make an impact in people's life through great software.
Industry wide recognition, first hand experience with real software development company, very rich infrastructure, large number of internal discussion groups, very good library, benefits such as Prime card, nice company meeting, very diversified career opportunities, opportunities to do transfers, ability to reach out people actually making Windows, office etc, very large R&D, very good medical insurance, extremely competitive mentality
Great benefits and somewhat reasonable compensation. MS was a great place to work in the late 90's and we put out some great work. We certainly had our share of mistakes, but addressed them much more efficiently back then. It's tough to think of only 10 yrs ago as the 'Good Ol' Days' .
Great benefits, casual atmosphere, diversity of product groups and opportunities.
Good Atmosphere, fair compensation, good management, work hours are decent. I think the best reason to work here is a good stable atmosphere, tech innovation but grounded in business realities.
Smart people, flexible hours, great benefits
Career advancement opportunities are good. Microsoft is dedicated to a corporate culture that inspires and rewards its employees.
The salary is very competitive. There are countless perks such as daycare, complete health and dental coverage, competitive bonuses and others (too many too name here). Informal and formal feedback is given on a frequent basis.
Ideal environment if any of the following are true: 1) You are a software developer fresh out of college/university and want to learn how to develop software professionally 2) You are a lawyer or are in marketing (except advertising) 3) You are a seasoned corporate animal with experience navigating large organizations  Upsides being employed at Microsoft: - Competitive Salaries - Great Benefits - Generally good work/life balance - Lots of resources to learn the "craft" of software development - Big impact on many of the products you can work on (Billion $ products, millions of customers) - You can be compensated greatly for exceptional work ... if you are identified with such an effort - Lots of complex global, legal, competitive experiences to be garnered - Awesome (if you can) to learn from some of the early MS pioneers
Benefits, large array of different technologies to choose from, easy to change groups
The group I worked in was pretty laid back, except for the couple of months or so at the end of every product cycle where we had to work for > 40 hours. You also have a lot of autonomy on how to do things. My supervisor generally let me do thing at my own pace. On the other hand, there were a lot of opportunities for on-the-job training, where people would come in for workshop kind of thing. Quality varies though.
“The best reasons to work at Microsoft are that you get to work with a group of exceptionally talented and motivated people, you have almost limitless career growth, and you will always be working with the latest and greatest technology that is available. Senior management is very competent and will give you feedback on a regular basis that you can use for personal as well as professional development. The people you meet in the hallway usually seem happy to be there (minus the guys that are late to their meetings and coding on their laptops while trying to hit the right elevator buttons) and you can almost always strike up a good conversation with someone interesting at lunch (we're not all antisocial nerds, well at least not all the time =P) If you are a fresher like myself, I have found the environment to be very nurturing yet at the same time there is plenty of challenge so you will feel proud of your work when you are done. At my previous company when management said I did a good job on a project I just shrugged it off, but when someone says you're doing a good job at Microsoft it is really something to be proud of!!”
Benefits are outstanding, pay is adequate, but the cache is pretty good.
Career advancement is a huge plus. It is very simple to move between groups at Microsoft. they also actively encourage you to move if you feel you aren't getting what you need from your current group. Being able to move between groups allows you to try out different areas - Windows, Office, Internet, developer tools, and even mobile are all within reach if you are smart enough and driven enough. Benefits are hands down the best I've seen. Also with offices in Bellevue, Seattle, and Redmond, you have many different places to work. Microsoft also has in some locations open work areas. So you can easily go spend a day at another location. This is extremely helpful when working cross group. The connector commuter service is incredibly useful as well. Wifi on the bus with nice comfortable seats.
The opportunity to work on industry-relevant products and influence the experiences of a large number of people is a big draw. If you want to work on big issues and go up against the best competitors in certain industries, MS can give you that chance.  The benefits, stability, and pay are very strong and will likely continue to be for at least 5+ more years.  If you find yourself working in a team that's working on a product that you're excited about and believe in, it can be a wonderful experience. If not, it can be every bit the nightmare that many imagine.
Microsoft makes some of the most widely shipped software in the world. If you would love to see your work pushed to the entire world, Microsoft is the place to go.
Location, location, location. If you live in the Puget Sound area (namely Seattle), are Software professional, and want to work for a Software company, there are few alternatives. The software business of the Puget Sound is Microsoft. Microsoft offers the most career choices, the most opportunities, the best benefits... in the Puget Sound area. Compared to the Silicon Valley companies, Microsoft is decidedly average, but the Puget Sound area is not Silicon Valley. Microsoft does employ some of the world's brightest people, and the line of applicants at its door is looong, but the brightest people don't make for the world's best company.
You will meet and work with some of the smart people you can find in the industry, A lot of Interesting projects you can get involved with. Treat their employees with respect and pay them well compared to other software companies. You can learn and grow a lot as a developer.
Smart people, interesting work, good benefits.
Many employees at Microsoft are a little older than at other companies, this generally means that they are married with young children. Because of this, the work/life balance is excellent. Further, the salaries are competitive and Microsoft gives the best medical benefits in the business.
You get to meet and work with some great people from around the country and and around the world.
benefits, stability, flexibility, ability for varied experiences
If you are in the right group, your work can end up being used by a lot of people! Many of the colleagues are very smart. The benefits are very good. Work-life balance can be maintained if you want.
This is a company everybody knows. There's pride in tradition and culture of this company.  i grew up with Microsoft products and always wondered about working for them. Compensation is pretty decent as a place right out of college and you do get a little awe struck as you are working inside the Microsoft branch.
Decent pay, and employees are treated very well. The attitude of the place varies from team to team and location to location. The benefits are pretty great, as well, especially free reimbursement for relocation, and the free drinks are a nice perk, too. In general, everybody's pretty laid back, and it's a nice place to work. Hours are very flexible -- you can pretty much come and go as you please as long as you attend any necessary meetings and complete your work on schedule. Then again, when coming up against deadlines, that concept is a double edged sword. Overall it's pretty nice.
People, work environment, benefits, and stability. The people are great. They're bright, passionate, and diverse. Work environment fosters a collaborate, can-do environment. The benefits are by far the best I have seen or heard of. Finally, financial and career stability. Microsoft is so large even if the group you work in folds there is always somewhere else that needs you.
Microsoft remains a great place to have an impact on work done by millions through our products. It also offers competitive compensation and excellent benefits (particularly the health insurance which really means you pay nothing for all your care including perscriptions). It has grown dramatically in the 10 year I've been there and has handled some of the growth well (keeping great benefits). Microsoft remains Redmond focused, but is getting much better at this issue. There is much more openness to people (including software developers) being located places other than Redmond. Silicon Valley is a major and growning location and Boston is growing too.
surrounded by very talented, bright people working on tough challenges every day, high rate of change (technology and business), You are responsible for your success-opportunities are everywhere.
Several things remain absolutely constant at Microsoft. You get to work every day with smart, often funny people who really want to do the right thing. The MS benefit package is second to none, by a very wide margin. Despite our often hard-core reputation, work-life balance is standard these days, you just have to decide what your balance is. Dedicated parents are as successful as married-to-their-desk uber geeks. Diversity is valued and our staff is well balanced.
At Microsoft you are working for one of the greatest companies in the history of the world. Microsoft is the leading edge of personal computing technology, and when you work here you are surrounded by people with incredible talent who want to make sure we maintain that position. If that isn't enough, the pay is competitive and the benefits are incredible.
- Great learning and growth opportunities - Learn how to build, ship and support software at tremendous scale - Work with mostly very bright people who's primary motivation is to ship great software that improves the lives of customers - Get the leverage of Microsoft's resources and reach in everything you do
Microsoft used to be a great place to work and still carries some of the vestiges of that greatness, however since the late '90s it's been on a downhill track. The pay is reasonable and there are great groups to work in. For the most part the people are really what makes the company a decent place to work. The benefits are some of the best you'll find anywhere.
- Great learning and growth opportunities - Learn how to build, ship and support software at tremendous scale - Work with mostly very bright people who's primary motivation is to ship great software that improves the lives of customers - Get the leverage of Microsoft's resources and reach in everything you do
Microsoft used to be a great place to work and still carries some of the vestiges of that greatness, however since the late '90s it's been on a downhill track. The pay is reasonable and there are great groups to work in. For the most part the people are really what makes the company a decent place to work. The benefits are some of the best you'll find anywhere.
The great management team. No other company has so much impact on today's world. Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Office are among the most well known and widely used products. Working on such great products, as well as other smaller products, is an incredible experience.
Reasonable work hours ("crunch" weeks are far and few between), excellent benefits (all-inclusive - no copayments even required), regional pay adjustments for cost-of-living differences (Bay Area pay was 15% higher than "standard" salaries for comparable job levels when I first joined). I've also had very good experiences with being rewarded for doing good work, in the form of stock awards, cash bonuses, and time off. Products being developed are very diverse, so there's a great opportunity to move between different technologies, markets, and even project scales (hundred-man projects down to teams of just a handful of people). The company is very stable (having been around a while).
Benefits, smart people (moreso individual contributors, less so management). Access to technologies and information that is levels above what you'd find in most companies worldwide. Highly motivated people who put in 110% day in and day out with hope of getting the company back to it's glory. Most people have individual offices and very few live in cube farms.
passion, good environment,get good experience
Pay is good, projects are interesting. I have worked with a lot of great individuals. Microsoft has a lot of cool projects (Xbox, Zune), which to me gives them a leg up over somewhere like Google or Amazon.
The pay, benefits, coffee machine.
Medical Benefits are outstanding. Have paid nothing out of pocket for me and wife for medical or prescription in all my years with Microsoft. The people at Microsoft are smart, fun and passionate. The company is investing and growing. The partnerships we have are outstanding. Customers like our business model and want us to continue driving business value for our customers.
Lots of smart people and interesting problems.
Access to cheap software at company store
health benefits, pay, relaxed work environment, time off (5 weeks vacation and 2 weeks sick time per year)
Lots of things to do. Good benefits. Lots of classes. They have classes in every subject and support your time spent in these for the most part. Offices are pretty nice as well.
Benefits are really outstanding. The people who work there are really smart and passionate. The pay is good. The products are much better than many people give them credit for. They are used by millions of people, so the potential for impact is quite high.  Seattle rocks! Moutains, water, music, theater, film, technology, fashion, we've got it all.
A great place to have a stable life, have great benefits and learn a lot. They are supportive about growth of the individual. I learned a lot being there for 5 years out of college. I was definitely able to develop good database skills and continually improve my project management skills.
If you are a programmer fresh out of college, Microsoft is a good place to work for a few years as a kind of software engineering apprenticeship. It does depend somewhat on the group you join and your manager, but in the right situation, you can learn a lot.  Another reason to work there would be if you have a family, Microsoft has a pretty generous benefits package.  Also, if you enjoy doing nothing, there are plenty of jobs at Microsoft for you. Just search under "architect".
Benefits. Hands down, this is why people stay at Microsoft.
benefits are fantastic. Work life balance is very good.
Excellent Pay, Excellent Benefits, Challenging work environment.
passion, good environment,get good experience
Flexibility and good benefits and good food
Benefits and opportunity to work with motivated smart peers.
the pay is great compared to others
Great benefits and the prestige for working for the largest software company.
Benefits are great - good work/life balance
- A lot of smart people still work there - Huge variety of products to work on, and internal movement is encouraged - Benefits package is excellent - Especially coming out of college, there are a lot of opportunities to learn and advance  All of the above apply mostly to technical people (developers, mostly). If you're not a developer, the biggest pro is that MS will pay you for doing absolutely nothing.
Microsoft is a great place for people that are relatively early in their career. The jobs have a high level of responsibility, the company makes a big investment in developing people, and the industry is highly profitable--which allows for growth and flexibility. The benefits are also first class.
There are lots of opportunities. You are evaluated based on what you do and not who you are. The company is generally very respectful of employees and I love working with people from all over the world. In my current job I work with very smart interesting people and I have a great boss. The work is challenging and interesting and I have been recognized for the hard work I've been doing.
Pay and benefits are among the best in the industry. You can find endless opportunity if you are self-motivated and committed to doing great work.
Opportunity for impact and professional growth.
There are lots of opportunities. You are evaluated based on what you do and not who you are. The company is generally very respectful of employees and I love working with people from all over the world. In my current job I work with very smart interesting people and I have a great boss. The work is challenging and interesting and I have been recognized for the hard work I've been doing.
Pay and benefits are among the best in the industry. You can find endless opportunity if you are self-motivated and committed to doing great work.
Opportunity for impact and professional growth.
The benefits package is best in class. From 100% free, no co-pay insurance to free health club membership and more, this is a 'gotcha' that makes looking at other companies tough.
“Microsoft values intelligence and initiative. If you have a good idea and are willing to work to make it happen, you can. I have worked at Microsoft for nearly 13 years and, while the "good old days" had some great things (more money, fewer layers of management) the company has gradually improved in most ways. People are more respectful of each other. The company is more diverse. There is a greater variety of jobs and opportunities to pursue. As a post-adolescent company, Microsoft increasingly values work/life balance. You are expected to work hard but don't need to kill yourself unless you really want to. The other thing that I think is cool about Microsoft is that the company generally doesn't give up. 15 years ago, Microsoft was a PC software company. Then management decided that Microsoft needed to be an enterprise software company too. Nobody gave Microsoft much of chance to be a serious enterprise software company. Today, most big companies use Microsoft software. Similarly, today most don't give Microsoft much of chance of being a successful "internet" company (vague definition, I know). But Microsoft will keep at it and will eventually succeed. No, we won't "kill" Google. That's not the point. But Microsoft and its employees are tenacious and that's a great quality for a company and its employees.”
Benefits, people are great, awesome engineering talent
Benefits are great. Work vs Life balance is excellent. Good development teams. Private offices.
They provide leading edge technology.
The benefits package cannot be beat. If you are risk-averse but still talented, it's a perfect opportunity for you. If you have an iota of entrepreneurial spirit, go elsewhere.
Great company with excellent opportunities and personal growth potential.
You will work with a number of smart people, giving you the opportunity to be constantly learning. There are a large variety of teams with a vast array of problems to solve and the capability to move between groups means you can always find a new challenge. The impact you can have with the products you work on is huge.
Microsoft values intelligence and initiative. If you have a good idea and are willing to work to make it happen, you can. I have worked at Microsoft for nearly 13 years and, while the "good old days" had some great things (more money, fewer layers of management) the company has gradually improved in most ways. People are more respectful of each other. The company is more diverse. There is a greater variety of jobs and opportunities to pursue. As a post-adolescent company, Microsoft increasingly values work/life balance. You are expected to work hard but don't need to kill yourself unless you really want to. The other thing that I think is cool about Microsoft is that the company generally doesn't give up. 15 years ago, Microsoft was a PC software company. Then management decided that Microsoft needed to be an enterprise software company too. Nobody gave Microsoft much of chance to be a serious enterprise software company. Today, most big companies use Microsoft software. Similarly, today most don't give Microsoft much of chance of being a successful "internet" company (vague definition, I know). But Microsoft will keep at it and will eventually succeed. No, we won't "kill" Google. That's not the point. But Microsoft and its employees are tenacious and that's a great quality for a company and its employees.
Good environment to work in. Nice facilities and good associates. We have an excellent team of professionals. they are almost all willing to go the extra mile to succede.
The benefits are second to none, the atmosphere is laid back and focused on results more than brownnosing and politcs, to an extent. You can advance pretty far being techincal, without having to sell your soul and get a lobotomy to join middle management.
Great Benefits, job security, contunually evolving and entering new and intersting markets and reaching increasing levels of maturtity and sophistication in our products.
The company is involved in a very broad array of products and services, so there are plenty of opportunities to work on big projects as well as small, new ones. The people are incredibly SMART! and they move fast, so the pace is fast. The business also touches some very interesting and innovative external audiences -- large IT departments, small businesses, resellers/VARs, startup companies, etc. Also, the company works on some surprizingly innovative technologies - lots of opportunity to be involved with exciting new things. And it has the staying power and attitude to make something right over time-- it's exciting to see your product get better and better until it really succeeds.
Benefits! Health insurance alone is a great benefit, and I love the other perks like the gym, group legal, towels in the locker rooms, and free soft drinks. If you have a good manager that respects time off, I've found the vacation policy to be fairly generous. I even used short term leave when needed, without any negative repercussions.  People are dedicated, smart, and driven. They are often times trying to do the right thing both for the business and the customer.
Compensation, career opportunity, location. If you like working in places where you can see the sunshine and green grass, then Microsoft Redmond is the place to be.
Some cool products, such as Microsoft Surface, that can make a long term impact on computing. Also, the fact is the products we work on are still used by millions of people. In addition, flexible work hours, so you rarely have someone checking the clock, and good perks in addition to the salary.
Free drinks and benefits are of course the easy tangible things to like about being at MS. The organization is also just so huge that there are lots of opportunities for level advancement and rotations elsewhere in the company (especially for devs)
The company is involved in a very broad array of products and services, so there are plenty of opportunities to work on big projects as well as small, new ones. The people are incredibly SMART! and they move fast, so the pace is fast. The business also touches some very interesting and innovative external audiences -- large IT departments, small businesses, resellers/VARs, startup companies, etc. Also, the company works on some surprizingly innovative technologies - lots of opportunity to be involved with exciting new things. And it has the staying power and attitude to make something right over time-- it's exciting to see your product get better and better until it really succeeds.
Benefits! Health insurance alone is a great benefit, and I love the other perks like the gym, group legal, towels in the locker rooms, and free soft drinks. If you have a good manager that respects time off, I've found the vacation policy to be fairly generous. I even used short term leave when needed, without any negative repercussions.  People are dedicated, smart, and driven. They are often times trying to do the right thing both for the business and the customer.
Compensation, career opportunity, location. If you like working in places where you can see the sunshine and green grass, then Microsoft Redmond is the place to be.
Some cool products, such as Microsoft Surface, that can make a long term impact on computing. Also, the fact is the products we work on are still used by millions of people. In addition, flexible work hours, so you rarely have someone checking the clock, and good perks in addition to the salary.
Free drinks and benefits are of course the easy tangible things to like about being at MS. The organization is also just so huge that there are lots of opportunities for level advancement and rotations elsewhere in the company (especially for devs)
Ultra smart people (when you can find them). Chance to work for a market leader who has the opportunity (though rarely does) set the direction of an entire industry.
great pay and bennies and plenty of challenges every day
Being on the cusp of technology advancement and work on some of the most used software in the world. It is also nice to be surrounded by mostly super intellingent people that get things done. Benefits are top notch, though salary growth is slow.
Huge company with lots of oprotunities for growth. What other software company has the breadth of problems to solve.
There are teams in Microsoft that provide the opportunity to do exciting work.
One billion of users, thousands of features, and hundreds of products. If you are smart and have elbows, you can fulfill most ambitious aspirations. Maybe you will not make difference to the universe, but you will be able to contribute to many decisions that shape industry - as part of your day-to-day work. Great benefits - anything from great medical insurance to free bus pass to posh fitness center etc. Most of all -- you are surrounded with a lot of really smart people. So if you are just out of college, Microsoft is the place to grow professionally - very quickly. If you are from industry and have something to bring to the table - you will be appreciated and respected (as long as you can control your ego).
Despite complains, we're actually very well paid. Developers are respected as the leaders and drivers of the company, which isn't true in most places. If you get bored in what you're working on, the company has many different technologies to work from and it is relatively easy to switch jobs after a year. Great job stability. If you are talented then you never have to worry about finding work. Work/Life balance is great (though this isn't true for every team).
Great opportunity to learn how to run for political office, the skills you gain from the networking and navigating will be beneficial when you look for another job either internally or externally. Microsoft doesn't have great pay, but they do offer good benefits.
For people just starting their careers Microsoft is an amazing place to gain experience. You will be involved with decision making and building products with huge reach. The workplace is a highly energetic one, where everyone is focused on one thing primarily, how to ship great software and products. You will learn as much about the business of software as you will about actually building it. To thrive in this environment you really need to be passionate about your work and the products you'll help build. You will be working with some of the highest caliber people in the industry and expect to be challenged when just starting out like you have never been challenged. You will start with little responsibility and will need to prove yourself to take on bigger pieces. In my opinion, the people you will collaborate with and learn from is one of the most valuable things you will gain by working at Microsoft.
Good company, fortune 500 company.
If you like software, Microsoft is the only company that can offer every possibilities imaginable to work in.
Get your own office, Good pay, get treated well.
Microsoft is a large company that offers a huge diversity of opportunities and experiences. You can work on traditional client applications, vertical businesses like TV and Mobile, as well as Web Services that scale bigger than or as big as anything in the market.  Microsoft is generous about allowing you to learn, and fail in the process of developing your skills. It has a multitude of brilliant people that act as mentors and coaches throughout your career. There are also the traditional good reasons to work at Microsoft. Excellent pay, benefits, facilities, worldwide audience, food, transportation etc etc.  Microsoft is like a university in terms of opportunities and learning. You will get out of Microsoft what you put in.
Benefits, Benefits, Benefits Seattle is an awesome place Good starting pay Awesome team Ability to work with new technologies Pride to have a meaningful impact in common day products
company is stable, work has variety.
The people you get to work with make it one of the best companies in the world
Being on the inside of one of the most successful software companies ever.
Started my own company, cause I didn't see myself being able to contribute as a higher level
We are always looking ahead
Microsoft doesn't just build great tools, it builds entire platforms. No other company can do this anywhere near the degree that MS can. It's great knowing not just that I have the best tools in the industry, but that I'm part of a company that can do what no other can re. making computers useful for people.
Career development is great. Microsoft has a clear measurement tool for employee to know how well he/she is doing, what is needed to be completed to get next promotion. If you are not satisfied with what you are currently doing, you can easily switch to different project in different group internally. You can also switch your role as well such as from a software developer to be a program manager. You can also choose what to focus for your career - as a manager and walk onto the management path, or be an individual contributor and grow yourself as an expect. You do still need to complete with other to get a promotion because of limited budget, but the opportunity of getting promotion is always there. Health benefit is also another great reason to work for Microsoft if you have family.
Benefits are not doubt the best reason to work at Microsoft. They are beyond any of the many companies that I have worked for or consulted for. The company's management aspires to do great things. There is no doubt a fighting spirit at this company. You can work your entire career at Microsoft and have 10 different jobs in 10 different business lines. There really is something for everyone. You can go from consumer to business. You can work in marketing, business, project management, product management if you can prove your ability to do so.  If you become one of the few execs in the company you can make alot of money.
Technology, perks, peers, and focus
Smart people, great benefits - work on interesting software.
Benefits, Career Growth, People, Work.
It is a challenging place, we are the leaders in so many different markets, but yet we try to innovate. It is fun and MIcrosoft tries to give you all the tools necessary to complete and live your passion. Working with smart people is incredibly challenging and rewarding too. I wake up in the morning and I don't dread my day (on most cases). In addition, the the benefits are incredible, small perks that make you feel like you can concentrate on your work. The best thing about Microsoft, however, is that you can really try to live your dreams. The opportunity to move around, change position, try something else is to me priceless.
Yeah i think this company is pretty cool. But I also think hot dogs are cool too. However, Microsoft is a huge company and its cool to tell girls at bars that you work there. They think that you are made of millions!
Amazing company, access to fantastic software and insight into cool new things. For the most part, everyone is incredibly smart and good to work with
Build a wide variety of skills Pays the bill
Excellent place to learn, almost anything is possible if you have the right social and technical skills. Great place to get experience and learn new things. Any idea can be developed into a usable product regardless of who you are. Great medical benefits and on campus services for working parents. Great open door policy. Great flex work- as long as you do the time. Great benefits. High expectations of results are equal for everyone. Nearly no red tape to get your work done, endless resources and access to information. Mostly very excellent people to work with, great open work environment.
If you don’t mind to work at a place with bureaucracy, average paying, above average benefits, mind numbing task, very political manager, then this is the place for you.
Great brand name. A big place to work, so there are always lots of different opportunities and groups you can work for. Nice lifestyle in Seattle. It's a 9-to-5 kind of engagement so the work/life balance is great.
It's Microsoft!!! There is nothing like working for such a HUGE company, there are so many more opportunities to find your dream job, there are so many more opportunities to learn new things, be a part of new technology development, travel and be successfull.
Microsoft is on the leading edge of technology. You can work there and learn about technologies that won't roll out for a couple years, so you are going to be ahead your skill compared to the rest of the industry. It's a large enough company to allow for specialization and has job functions that don't exist elsewhere, especially in product documentation. The people are smart, competent and sharp. There's lots of opportunities for career growth and role exploration once you are an employee. You can have a completely different job every 2 years if you want to and you work at it.
The opportunity to work with the bext in the field creating world class applications that have a huge impact.
The opportunity to work with the bext in the field creating world class applications that have a huge impact.
There just is not other company like this in the world. You have the ability to do truly global, groundbreaking development work that will be deployed by thousands or millions of customers and make their daily life better or different. Also, the internal atmosphere in Microsoft Redmond is just incredible. You have the best of the best working with you, the atmosphere is relaxed, you do things and influence people based on what you know (not your title or who you know), information is shared liberally and you are part of an incredible team. However, there is no bitter fighting or competition amongst the peers, so I don't know what else to ask for. The environment is also very international and diverse, so you get to see how people around the world think. Very productive environment where you are pushed to do your very best and rewarded for it accordingly.
Microsoft is a very successful company as a whole. It is very competitive. It has a good reputation for the quality of people it hires. It is very stable and financially healthy. It has competitiveness and ambition to do better in its DNA. If you like that environment, there is a culture of open (yet respectful) criticism. It is possible to voice one's opinion in meetings. Health benefits are great. If you stay around long enough, the pay is good.
The health plan is great
Great benefits and an amazing work environment
The benefits at Microsoft are outstanding.
Great benefits, strong career growth opportunities, and a great location.
Microsoft is the new government job with better pay, better benefits, nicer offices, free starbucks coffee, flexible hours and fewer hours overall ... as long as you don't actually want to build software that serves a purpose, or make it work for customers. If you really just don't care about software or customers, this is the software company for you.  Microsoft today is an exercise in political correctness run amok, with leaders desperate for approval and well-sold (note I did not say GOOD) ideas and happy to throw money at them. If you understand that kind of environment and want to either run at the new-style Brass Ring or simply surf along the edges - this is the company for you. Go for it. If you can sell it, Ballmer will buy it. (If you need a primer, buy a copy of "Big Blues, the unmaking of IBM".)  Now, if you are a marketer and believe that actually building product is "someone else's problem" then this is absolutely the right place for you. Because Mr. Ballmer and all of his directs - believe the same thing. (unfortunately all the "someone else's" left with Bill). It's also a fantastic place for HR and PR, with it's high turnover and need to pretend to be an upscale software company and a great place for technical people to work, and nirvana for corporate lawyers. Check out the close links between Microsoft and Odell Guyton - the lawyer trying hardest to make "ethics" mean "legal compliance". (ie, if you're not actually breaking a law - right now, exactly - it must be ethical, right?)  To recap, MS is a great place for anyone in the business of PRETENDING to build software. Sad but true.
Benefits, probably the best in the industry
Microsoft is a place where you are surrounded by smart people, and you get to be a part of developing products that will make the world a better place. I feel very proud to be part of a company the is striving to the best.
Incredible challenging work and the opportunity to have multiple careers over a long tenure at the company. People in all disciplines are incredibly strong and often the best in the business which means you are surrounded by minds that can constantly challenge and push you to your fullest potential. Not only is feedback appreciated, it is expected and leadership across the company is very thoughtful about how they respond and react to employees when providing suggestions for improving our business. Ultimately, you can have multiple careers and really follow your passion to find projects and work that constatly excited and challenge you - regardless of the role you are seeking.
The people. I have interviewed at more than 10 top tech companies and the openness and level of collaboration within Microsoft are second to none. The par is set pretty high for hiring and it shows. I have met and worked with some of the smartest and most talented people that I have ever experienced working at Microsoft. In addition to great peers, I have found that people in senior roles are always happy and willing to share with you their experiences and give advice when you ask, thus creating a very open and "warm" work environment. These things, in my opinion, create for a truly world-class work environment.
Smart people, interesting work, impact and reach, ability to change careers but stay with the company, great benefits, great product, fun projects, accountability, awesome colleagues (not just smart but good people), opportunities to travel or relocate if that's important to you, flexible work practices, the ability to actually impact the lives of millions of people
breadth of products, impact on the world, learning, progress, challenge
Microsoft is this world's largest software development company, this looks good to future employeers. Employees receive discounts when purchasing normally overpriced software.
Big variety of projects and teams to work on, lots of opportunities for advancement, and for the most part the company is run as a meritocracy. With 20 billion in the bank, as employers go this one is quite stable -- it's unlucky you'll be laid off any time soon. There are tons of opportunities for personal growth and development, and most managers will work hard to grow you and bring out your potential. The company wants you to do well and it really shows. Of course with any company of this size there are bound to be a few bad apples, but for the most part co-workers are quite bright.
Microsoft is a place where you can literally spend an entire career at, doing different things, growing and changing in accordance with what you want at any given time. Want to work on servers? Microsoft has it. Want to work on portable media players or console games? Microsoft has that too! Search, databases, communication, operating systems, distributed technologies, office productivity, hardware innovations, you name it - if it's software, someone at Microsoft is probably doing it! And if no one is doing it, you can start your own Startup at the Microsoft Greenhouse project. And that's only the technology side. You can change your career path - e.g. from a technical maverick to a marketing wizard - with Microsoft's full support and encouragement. Training is part of the culture. Microsoft offers relocation opportunities, which means that if you want to live in another country for a few years you can do that without leaving your workplace. There's even a program that will send you to China for 6 months if you're interested. When life changes for you and you want to slow down a bit, there are even part-time programs. And if you read until here, you probably noticed that I did not mention the Microsoft recruiting mantra of “come and build software that will change the world”. That may be true, but for me it’s all about the company and more importantly the people that work there. Most of the folks you’ll meet at Microsoft are nice, passionate, honest folks that are just a pleasure to work with. I have looked at jobs outside of Microsoft several times, and have not yet found anything that made me want to jump ship.
Greate company to work for.
Microsoft is very diverse and overall a great company to work for
The best reasons to work at Microsoft are that you get to work with a group of exceptionally talented and motivated people, you have almost limitless career growth, and you will always be working with the latest and greatest technology that is available. Senior management is very competent and will give you feedback on a regular basis that you can use for personal as well as professional development. The people you meet in the hallway usually seem happy to be there (minus the guys that are late to their meetings and coding on their laptops while trying to hit the right elevator buttons) and you can almost always strike up a good conversation with someone interesting at lunch (we're not all antisocial nerds, well at least not all the time =P) If you are a fresher like myself, I have found the environment to be very nurturing yet at the same time there is plenty of challenge so you will feel proud of your work when you are done. At my previous company when management said I did a good job on a project I just shrugged it off, but when someone says you're doing a good job at Microsoft it is really something to be proud of!!
Career progress is very important Lots of manuverability
- Excellent benefit package with one of the best health care plans - Work life balance is valued highly - Opportunity to work in a wide vareity of product groups focussed on cutting edge technologies - Great location (Seattle, Bellevue, Sammamish) to live and raise a family
We're allowed to think "out of the box" when designing great customer experiences and new business opportunities. And to deliver those experiences we're encouraged to use new or enhanced processes if they're proven to work elsewhere (internal or external). So in short, this truely is a place where you can dream big and deliver on those dreams, all it takes is passion, the ability to influence and a rock solid business plan.
Most things in microsoft are quite pleasant. The biggest problem with Microsoft as with all large corporations is the deadwood that so often accumulates. Additionally managements current obssession with trying to by yahoo has distracted this company and devalued our own offerings. If we suck so badly at the internet, LAY THEM OFF.  Form a personal perspective, the job of a program manager at microsoft is uniqu. Guiding a product from inception to a billion dollar industry can't really be done anywhere else in quite the same way. The leverage over human output is stunning (try working in Excel, Word, or Outlook).
Great commitment to online advertising.
Microsoft is a great company the develops the best software in the world. You will never lack for resources to do your job and their are a lot of very bright, dedicated people you will work with. They give you the best computing resources you want - many employees have 2 or 3 computers. Best of all you also get access to all of Microsoft's software. The latest and greatest versions of Office, Windows, SQL, SharePoint, etc. In many groups, you also have a lot of responsibility - kind of like a startup, where you wear lots of hats and much is expected of you. Most of your co-workers are dedicated, smart and really committed to doing the right thing for customers as well.
The compensation is amazing. While it's true that there are many companies doing interesting projects, the pay and benefits at Microsoft simply blow away other company. Their offers are almost impossible to turn down.  Honestly, for a lot of developers, it's not the "evil empire" the outside world perceives it to be. Most folks are excited about delivering new benefits to the customers and don't concern themselves the supposed conspiracies bloggers like to discuss. If you get on a product team you really care about, your passion will help shape the solution from day one because everyone truly wants to deliver the best solutions.  Microsoft lets you focus on your job with minimum overhead. You can actually spend the majority of your day writing code and not be bothered with administrative paperwork, irrelevant meetings, or any other kind of interference. Most developers meet with their managers to discuss their yearly goals, but that really is the majority of the non-programming responsibilities.  A lot of product groups provide weekly or bi-weekly lectures on a technology they've been working on. These usually include an introduction, code samples and lessons learned. Not only is it very interesting to see what's going on in the company, you also get the chance to continue learning from other developers.  Mobility in the company is great. If you want to change product teams, it's just a matter of an interview with the team of interest and you're set. There are no hard feelings or pressure from managers that may hinder you from pursuing your interests.
Make a difference in the lives of others across the globe. Be invovled in the cutting edge. Large company resources, coupled with the freedom and feel that individual groups have to behave like startups. Unbeatable benefits. Surrounded by intelligent people. Comfortable, casual offices and attire. Vast career opportunities. Once you're in, you're "safe" and protected from market forces. There's a process or website for EVERY possible question anyone might have--lots of resources and support.
Awesome benfits, Great atmosphere to excel, chance to work on some exciting projects, and working with highly talented individuals is what makes Microsoft, one of the best places to work. Also to stress on the benefits, no other company can top MS on the benefits they provide for employees. The SW discount on MS products, prime card for restaurant reservations, free bus pass, free drinks and awesome food in the cafteria. The management are cool and never too demanding or stressful and help you with everything related to work and unrelated to work!
Impacting a huge number of people worlwide
Benifits! They Rock! Love the medical!
Microsoft is a great place to work because it gives you not only the opportunity to influence the team your working in no matter what the position, but also gives you the ability to get as involved as you want to be with other areas of the company, allowing you to influence the development and direction of products which you, your family and friends may use unrelated to your actual day to day job. You also get to play with lots of cool new apps and devices through internal beta programs. The best part though is your surrounded by geniuses
Once upon a time it was a company that encouraged people to think outside the box. This spirit drove the company to it's high level. During that time we as a company acted as one company, with all groups pulling together into a single unit.  In the past the compensation was an exceptional piece of what made it fun to work at Microsoft. However at the same time the ability to influence products, change the direction of MS Services and contribute to making customers better was a critical factor in the "fun" of working at Microsoft. Sadly that is no longer the case.
Microsoft takes great care of its employees. I feel that they invest a lot in their employees, from training to funding/empowering your projects, and they have set up frameworks to make sure your manager supports your career development. The 100% free health care/dental/vision benefits completely remove stress from that area of your life.
Great people, fun job opportunities and great health plan
Microsoft offers some of the best opportunities in the industry for personal and professional advancement. There is quite simply no other company in the world that will offer you the resources to grow to as deep of a technical level. Community involvement in the form of blogging, attending industry events, presenting, and even time for charity work are all highly encouraged. The medical benefits are the best of any US company, hands down - I have never paid a penny for any clinic or hospital visit, including when my child was born. Management tends to be fairly hands-off in support as long as you are producing and competent. Compensation is excellent with generous stock awards and occassional cash bonuses. Yearly salary increases can be close to double-digits for high performers.
Great people, widely-used products, great compensation package, job security.  You can work your own hours. The people you work with are smart go-getters who will do what they promise. When you add up the stock grants, the bonus, the ESPP, the 401(k) and the superb health plan, there aren't many better places to work.  If you're in your thirties or forties, and have a family to raise, Microsoft is for you. You'll have financial security and still get to see your kids grow up.
Connections, Very very smart colleagues, opportunities to work in a variety of discipline over a quick period of time to learn other parts of the business. Resources and funding are outstanding and job security is very high.
Awesome benefits package especially if you have children. Good stability for a high-tech company. Lots of different things happening at the company, so can get a new job and/or change career direction without the extra hassles of starting at a new company.
freedom. trust. a lot of great people to work with
Great growth opportunities, the greatest software company overall, great pay and benefits, great choice of things to do at work, working on world class software, working from home is not a problem, flexible hours have the positive meaning... Even if you decide to leave the company - this is great for your resume. You learn a lot at Microsoft with the challanges of satisfying millions if not billions of users with your work every day. You work with some of the greatest engineers in the world, with people who are smart and friendly. Then there's free drinks, Starbucks and pizza almost every day, sports club membership and many social events! :)
Enormous opportunity for career development in both depth and breadth. There are few sections of the tech industry that isn't touched by Microsoft. In the depth case, you can very often work with people who wrote the book on the subject.
The benefits are amazing, there are very few out of pocket expenses. There are co-pays on dental and vision but you never have to pay a dime for your medical expenses.
There are so many incredibly talented, smart people working at Microsoft, that I always struggle to contribute at the same level. I feel really privileged to be in the same room with the people responsible for solving the world's computing needs.
Opportunities, cutting edge, corporate culture
Autonomy and independence. I really love the people, all extremely smart. MS cares about their employees, and it shows. The amount of resources available to you are tremendous. When there were complaints, MS made huge changes. I also love the pacific northwest. I appreciate the generosity of the company as well, the 'giving campaign' is huge. People give a lot back.
You are in control of your destiny. I have built my dream job at Microsoft. There are days that I find myself sitting at my desk and it is getting dark out because I lose track of time. I am challenged and feel like I am making a highly valuable contribution - something I never imageined could happen for one person in a very large company.
Vision, Deal, Empowernment and Accountability, ownership of projects, planning, social responsibility, citizenship, congruency, commitment to exclelence and improvement
Resources, Resources, Resources.  Best benefits around.  Microsoft invests in its employees.  Microsoft gets a lot of negative heat for not being a consumer-oriented business. This is true on many levels, and is a category that I believe Steve B. will change (especially through online/digital media). Internally, Microsoft is extremely focused on its employees. The major problem taking place in the digital marketing space is that competition and turnover are both commmanding forces. They take a toll on Microsoft because Microsoft is often unwilling to bump salaries in response to external job offers with higher pay. We lose a lot of top talent because of this. There is obviously a major cost/benefit economic equation to factor into these scenarios, but I think they are looked at too holistically, and should instead be assessed on a case-by-case basis.
The "humane"ness of the company makes it a pleasure to work there. These past 6 months, I have had way too many personal issues in my life -- so far, I have been treated with kid gloves. I know that it wont last forever, but I appreciate the time I was given in order to recoop my brains and heart. I will work hard just because they let me take care of myself and my family when I needed. My team stepped in and took over even though their workloads were already maxed out. I couldnt of asked for any more from anyone.
- strong career focus and growth - great impact on the industry - enormous opportunities within the company on all levels, technical, professions - excellent family benefits
You are valued, your input matters. They encourage individual thinking and ideas. People listen, the benefits are great, you work highly intelligent people. Its a great experience. I love going to work every day. Its exciting to see all the new products being developed and then their launch parties. Havign access to EVERYONE is awesome, when I find a bug I am able to report it and get it fixed. If I think something is wierd about a program I can get in touch with the person in charge of that feature and let him know my thoughts. It's excellent.
First, Microsoft is a giant in the tech industry - everyone either works with or competes with Microsoft in some form. As such it is a great nexus to be in to be part of the sweeping changes in the industry. Microsoft may not always come out top (at first), but you will be part of the mobile transformation, online services, gaming, software as a service, voice over IP and more. That's a great feeling. Second, Microsoft is a large company where moves are pretty easy. I moved from Corporate Strategy, to Business Development, to Product Marketing in Consumer Online Services then to Product Management in Enterprise Servers. Next move will likely be a stint in the field, probably in Asia. The chance to get these experiences is awesome. Finally, Microsoft is over the "get rich on stock options days". People are a lot more sensible about base pay, bonus, stock awards, benefits as a whole package. You may not get filthy rich quickly at Microsoft, but you will have a much more stable and comfortable overall life.
Working at Microsoft is awesome. If you are into technology, having the ability to influence the direction of future products is a huge source of personal satisfaction. More than that, working with the brightest people in the industry makes the creative process really rewarding. For people with great interperonal skills, the opportunities to change the world are boundless. Finally, the way that employee development and satisfaction is being managed makes it possible for everyone to get the most out of their job, if that's what they want. Other elements are also awesome such as the campuses around the world - they're beautiful, and the food in the company cafeterias is better than most chain restaraunts (way better). Oh, and finally - when you do a good job, you get geat financial benefits.
Awesome benefits and people to work with.
All people are helpful. We create products that impact the world. During my 3-month internship, I learned more than one academic year in college.
I have a young and growing family so the number one reason I liked the idea of working for Microsoft was the health benefits. Microsoft is big enough to write it's own health plan. There are a few different options, but the default plan is nothing out of pocket for a 100% coverage. No deductions. No copayments. Not even for prescriptions.  Free drinks - we have almost all the coke and pepsi products, plus some tasty sparkling water choices and a full line up of milk and juice.  The salary is fair for a fresh-out-of-school employee working in this expensive area. Other forms of compensation include big morale budgets for every team, stock awards (not options), and potential for annual bonuses equaling 20% of your annual salary.  Microsoft appears mean on the outside because of the aggression of our executives, but down in the drenches where the products are built, everyone is just excited to be a part of something big and cool. The passion and excitement of everyone about the stuff we're doing is invigorating and makes it exciting to come to work. I work in the Office group and we're confident in our products and are exited to see them used worldwide.
Among the best reasons to work at Microsoft are the people you get to work with. By surrounding yourself with highly talented, passionate, and very smart people, you'll find you learn a large amount about making great software. I truly appreciate the work ethic and care many of my co-workers put into our products. We really strive to make the best software we can. Other reasons it is a great place to work include the beautiful Seattle area, amazing health benefits, and the numerous opportunities to get involved with others who share common interests.
Pay, Benefits, Training and Vacation.
Microsoft is a company with resources and so if you want to innovate and you have an idea and can "sell" it in the organization, you can get budget and resources to do it. There are some really cool things that the company does both from a product/technology standpoint as well as within marketing. Sometimes people don't see that all because they only have a limited frame of reference from just one or two product experiences. But when you look at what Microsoft is doing to bring access to technology around the globe, or you look at some of the viral marketing campaigns happening, there are some great innovations. Many of the people are really smart and you can learn a ton. Plus the benefits such as healthcare are outstanding.
MSFT comes with a well known name and is respected for its hiring of talented people, the benefits are excellent.
Tons of product areas at this company so you can easily find the group which suits you the best. Xbox games, MSN, Windows, SQL, Visual Studio, Home Entertainment, Privacy/Security, Entertainment, Autos, Mobile, etc, etc. etc.... I've worked at Hewlett Packard, and Google, and have friends at IBM and Intel and nothing beats Microsoft in this regard.
Ultimately, access to technical documentation and source code, discounted books and software are great for the professional engineer, not to mention the lots of quality peers. The benefits are the best I've had in my career, 100% coverage for most items means I walk out of the pharmacy, doctor, and dentist's office without paying a dime. Learning how the business works in incredibly valuable to the aspiring entrepreneur.
The training programs offered by MS are impressive. I was able to take a class at the Kellogg School of Management that prepped me for Product Management. There are lots courses like this specifically designed to improve your skill set. There are also lots of good managers at Microsoft -- not all but more than average. The coolest thing, however, is that Microsoft is really thinking about how to solve the big problems and as an organization has the resources to do amazing things.
World class benefits unmatched by any other employer, one of the richest and most active internal technical communities, resources available on the intranet rivals what is publicly available on the Internet at large, every organization's budget includes "Morale" for off-site events, social gatherings, and fun, access to company store where software costs 10% of list price, employee only discounts and deals offered by Microsoft customers and partners, free membership to the Pro Club in Puget Sound, Fully paid relocation including reimbursement of real estate commission, packing of your house, shipment of automobiles, and spending money, on campus towel stocked locker rooms and gourmet cafeteria
Range of opportunities: Microsoft builds just about every kind of software imaginable so you can switch every few years and work on a different product with different challenges.  Smart people: The vast majority of Microsoft employees are smart, nice people. If you've worked at companies where that's not the case, you know how important this is. As an example, I hang out with my co-workers after work -- not because I have to or because I don't know anyone else, but because they're great people that I enjoy hanging out with.  Reach of products: There are very few other companies where you can work on a product that will reach millions of users and potentially change the way people do work and live their life.  Great benefits: The medical and dental plan at Microsoft are very comprehensive. This is especially valuable if you have a family.  Stability: No worrying about whether or not Microsoft will make payroll.
Great way to learn about many areas. Your reputation is portable from areas as diverse as gaming, enterprise software, mobile software etc. Lots of freedom. Smart, dedicated people. Great benefits and very profitable company.
Microsoft gives you access to Billions of customers. This is something most companies can't even dream of offering. If you're the kind of person that likes to see impact, then Microsoft is probably the best place to work. The people are wonderful and the campus is beautiful. Moreover the work culture is very casual. I used to walk into work at 1pm sometimes, Microsoft isnt face-time driven and your schedule is given a lot of importance, all you have to do is meet your deadlines. Microsoft gives you access to the most customers and to the best exit opportunities in the industry.
Benifits, Challenges, ability to create your own solutions. Manager allows you to creativly solve your problems and steps in when you need assistance. You are treated with respect. You can be blunt and honest. Everyone has a seat at the table when you are working on a project. Mistakes are seen as learning opportunities and not held against you (as long as you dont make the same one 2x.)
The concentration of smart people here is the primary reason I work here. I dont have to spend hours explaining the technical issues I have to deal with in my work. I also get a lot of guidance from other team members.
The concentration of smart people here is the primary reason I work here. I dont have to spend hours explaining the technical issues I have to deal with in my work. I also get a lot of guidance from other team members.
There are amazing healthcare benefits. I have never paid out of pocket for any medical expenses and I've had a baby along the way. We joke that our baby was "free". Kids just out of college have no idea how huge this health benefit is: free prescriptions, check-ups, self referrals to specialists. The company is stable for now and there are no worries about where your next paycheck is coming from. You get to work with amazingly smart people and take on difficult challenges. You are never bored and always feel challenged by your job and plenty to keep you busy.
Experience working for a large enterprise and the usefulness of having Microsoft on your resume. Also experience working with a few very talented people. However, Microsoft is a very developer led company where user experience is not well placed to make big impact on the product or get big rewards from execs (because it is seen as a peripheral discipline not a core discipline). If like me, you had great reviews and got great bonuses them you will be frustrated by the middle managers above you who usually do not come from the discipline and who you have to try to work around rather than with. Ultimately it is a frustrating place to work if you believe that design and usability should be a major driving force in product development, rather than resources that get called in when the teams think they need them (which is almost always too late). I got out because my ambitions could not easily be met in the lumgering giant that Microsoft has now become, where so much time is wasted on products by poor integration of disciplines such as program management, marketing, product management, development and test that once design and usability get involved too many bad descisions have already been made. If you want to work in a company like Microsoft was, find a medium sized company that is up and coming - a company that is agile and a company where you can sit in the room with the people who run the company (or at least your group) and who can recognize your good work when you do it.
Resources a mile wide and a mile deep. Microsoft has lots of money and is committed to spending in on its people. So compensation is excellent, benefits are out of the world, and you'll have everything you need in terms of hardware, software, and staffing. As a result, they attract the best people in the world, which is the best resource of all. You will never find smarter people or better managers.
Stability. Microsoft isn't going anywhere for a quite a while, and as long as you don't totally screw up, if they do close down your division or restructure, they are good about placing you somewhere else within the company. Working conditions are generally good. It's really hard to get fired from Microsoft, which is great for the employee.
Flex schedule - I don't get hassled on when I come in, leave or need time off. The pay is decent, enough so that I don't have to worry about anything. I get to learn about cool technology before others, there is a lot of that on the inside. The product you work on will reach millions of people, if that makes you feel better. It looks quite good on resume. You will meet some very smart people here, especially if you look for them. Alas, you do have to look. Depending onthe group you will have an office for yourself or share it with one other person. If privacy is your thing you'll love it.
For my field, the compensation ($$) can't be beat. There is a good amount of stability also.
Abundance of knowledge resources, professional and career mentorship, scope for making great impact on the world, opportunities to switch to several different roles and products within the company, great working conditions, amazing place to live (Seattle area)
Microsoft fosters an environment of career advancement and personal growth. Movement between divisions (products, HR, marketing, etc.) is encouraged as is training. I started as a tester and have gained the skills (thanks to their training and "stretch assigments" to move into a marketing role. The health care benefits are extraordinary: No copay for doctor visits or prescriptions, coverage for many "alternative" or "complementary" care types (e.g., accupuncture), and substantial mental health coverage.
Best reasons to work at Microsoft include the following: Flexible work schedule Great work life balance Ability to network with very smart professionals Grow your skills through free training and certification exams Attend training to increase your skills as an employee
interesting projects, opportunities to move around and learn different things, decent pay and excellent benefits, smart colleagues
The opportunity to pursue your work interests outside your core job. Even if your job is to simple write the code for a single button in Excel, you can still follow other interests at Microsoft. You can many opportunities to get outside of your box. There are so many different groups and so many different types of work to do at Microsoft that, if you can't find something to suit your interests or further your career, the problem is with you-- not Microsoft. The benefits are also incredible, anything from deals with local retailers, to gold-level membership with Fidelity.com and other services.
Microsoft provides stable job environment with great health benefits. Its ideal place for folks with families since no copay health benefits work best for them. For single people it doesn't provide as much challenge as other startups can do. The folks that you work with here are very smart and experienced. Also, there are very diverse teams here so if you are bored with your product or team you can easily move to other areas like xbox, zune, search, office, windows etc
Lots of smart folks doing a wide variety of things. Good chance to move from group to group and learn new things. Chance to learn how the best software development in the world is done.
As far as large corporations go, the average quality of the people working there is still high. Despite the shocking growth, the hiring standards in the core groups are still high. The company generally treats employees generously. Few companies have operating systems, data centers, a video game console, a music player, web advertising and content properties, database management systems, word procesing, spreadsheet and presentation and generally everything else. The discipline that comes from working on products that millions already use - the constraints and the candid feedback - are humbling and highly educational. The benefits are excellent. And if you are at all in the outdoors, the Pacific Northwest is stunning.
great place to work, people are nice, you get access to all the software you want. we have a great library. You work with some of the brightest people I have ever meet. You get free drinks, we have company sponsored trips, the mangers have a fun budget.
medical benefits is good here
The best reason is the ability to always learn new technologies and being on the cutting edge.
Incredible benefits, equitable compensation, opportunity for mobility within the company.
The salary is good, the benefits, and the culture is relaxed. Everyone seems like they want you to succeed at work.
The best thing about this place for me is the very huge breadth of opportunities that are available to me here.
You have the ability to advance vertically or laterally. You can virtually do anything you wish within the company.
A positive is that they do a really good job there of recognizing people/employees when they deserve to be recognized.
Workign with best of Breed Technology - Azure
Co-workers / teamwork Compensation and benefits Career opportunities Amazing technology
Good hours, lots of perks
Great work life balance Great Benefits
v good exp. there to work
Great technical community, amazing mentors
Very mature culture. A lot of freedom to do the work the way you want. Company does a lot of things for public good which makes you proud to work for them. Loads of possibilities for internal move. Everyone is smart and nice, did not see any egos. I loved working there!
v good exp. there to work
Innovative Org and Lots of growth opportunities
- Inspiring people - Great culture
People are generally very calm an amazing place to learn work life balance is amazing.
Remuneration, opportunities to work in different roles, encouragement to grow. Excellent company culture, does a great deal of "giving back". Management that inspire confidence. A lot of great technical opportunities and plenty of scope to do things you love - if you can find the time...
Competitive environment. Always pushing for more in positive and looking for best. I have enjoyed it.
Really great company, they will be big someday
Career opportunities Challenging work Great benefits
Best in class employee care.
People and salary are competitive
Challenging but flexible and really work to be a better employeer
Flexible and good hiring terms
Top Tech, nice products and services
Great diversity culture at the core of the company values
Best place to start your career.
Azure is one of the best products in the market. Free fruit.
Extremely dynamic, you'll have to learn fast, and deal with changes on the go, everyday. Work with some of the best talents out there. Work however you want, pitch ideas and get things done, own your work.
good work experience, hospitality and work culture.
good compensation few stocks many sick days
Good work environment, technical peoples
Employee friendly organization which give you enough challenges for your to grow and compensate you for your skills.
Great place to work overall. Not much difference between Seattle and India.
good compensation few stocks many sick days
Good pay, access to training and great minds in the IT industry, great employee treatment.
Challenging, good environnement for tech passionate people.
Lot of opportunities to learn and collaborate with other teams.
Work environment We can learn a lot Everyone is soo friendly Food and transport is free
You get to work with some of the best minds. The culture is one of best, very inclusive workplace attitude. Most people are warm and helpful. If you join the Hyderabad campus it is a vast and beautiful place and you'll love coming to the office. Salary is best in class. Very flexible timings. Various activities like Hackathons and Garage events to foster interest in new technologies. Outings and events are really nice as no corners are cut. Microsoft is a company which truly believes and invests in your physical and mental well-being through fitness plans and stuff. A lot of subscriptions and resources are provided free of cost to FTEs.
Inclusive and diverse culture. A lot of very smart and talented people. Innovative services - company makes huge investments into cloud services not just pushing adds on it.
Diversity, Incusion, Great policies and benefits
Flexible Work Hours, Work-life balance, great managers
Flat hierarchy. Ownership and autonomy to make great things happen.
Good work culture in the company
extremely well organised and pleasant environment. very interntional
They have pretty good salaries.
* Immersion on World's Largest Technology firm, access is unimaginable. * Would return given the right role, opportunity and ability to adapt within a fast paced environment is up to each individual's willingness and desire. * Blessed with amazing, passionate colleagues, many esteemed in years of their technical knowledge and willing to share, teach and collaborate. Many stayed in touch after leave.
Fixed working hour Learn to debug in black box way
Great perks and learning from management and systems. lots of exposure.
Autonomy and innovation with impact on world
great management progression good teamwork effective skill progression excellent sustainability
The campus in Paris is amazing!
Gave chances to deserving new comers with less experience.
Work-Life balance Hone Leadership skills Work with some brilliant brains
Cloud strategy and Microsoft producsts such as O365, Windows Platform
One of the best companies to work for and greatest minds in industry..
You'll be surrounded by smart people and you'll work on the edge of the technology. If you're willing to move to Seattle, this is one of the greatest companies to work for.
Nice trip to the US if you're lucky, some nice colleagues, good health insurance. compared to what other IT firms in Dublin offer, there is not much I can think of.
Good pay blah blah blah
Nice office space, free coffe
everything is good. work life balanced
Opportunities to grow vertically and horizontally Lots of various projects for any taste Work life balance
Focus on career, investment in people, growth opportunities, flexibility, being target oriented
Opportunity to move to different teams.
Great ethics and great values
One of the best companies to work for in the world from many angles.
-tons of resources if you want to learn -mostly very nice and helpful colleagues -training sessions on pluralsight are pretty good -opportunity to obtain certificates (also heavily encouraged) -breakfast inhouse -several amenities (e.g. membership to close-by gyms for free)
- Salary - Experience - Colleagues, working at Microsoft means entering a brotherhood of sorts
Working with super smart people
great company, great work culture
Good work life balance. Great peer group
- Great opportunities - Growth - Great benefits and salary
great company, great work culture
brand name salary extra benefits nice environmaent intelligent peers
Good benefits, smart peers, flexible timings
the working environment is very good and the people are able
Lots of good support.
Great friendships formed Cheap food Free drinks Trip to Vegas Mega new building
Smart people with interesting challenges at scale.
Good work life balance. Good Compensation
Easy job, mostly filling data.
Amazing experience - loads of responsibility
challenges and moving to cloud
The brand of the company and the salaries are a plus
Good company to work for with pension
Always the next project around the corner
-Work-life balance. -Plenty of learning opportunities. -Relaxed environment. -Great facility. -Generally positive environment. -Friendliness & respect rule.
Benefits, pay, leaves, infrastructure, brand, huge range of technologies to build yourself,
Yo get to work with Microsoft technologies.
Great work culture and benefits
Great work culture Comfortable lavish life
There are some Good benefits
Best in class, you name the benefits and it’s been there
Company provides all the facilities for an employee to learn and grow Good pay and lot of benefits for employees like health and fitness covers
Great work life Balance is there
Really amazing projects where you can learn a lot. Opportunities to work on and contribute to world-class projects.
They have a lot of resource to learn new technology
Work environment is good of course.
Flexibility, Friendly atmosphere, good benefits for FTEs, Brand Value
Microsoft is a top name to have on your CV
High growth potential and opportunity to work with a lot of smart people
learn a lot from different areas
Excellent career progression opportunities both in Ireland and to travel abroad
opportunities and learning possibilities seem good if you are in Redmond
- Good company. - Lots of opportunity. - Well known company.
There is very good infrastructure. Amazing facilities for employees. Brand value. Some of the teams have good work life balance. But they are few now.
Really a lot of possibilities to learn new
The best company I've ever worked with
Some smart people, good salary
Good infrastructure. Good brand values. Some teams are good for work-life balance.
The building is modern and spacious. Restaurants are good & checked thoroughly.
Salary, Flexibility Time, Visibility, Trainings
Nice building Depending on alignment, obtaining bonuses can be extremely easy
The building is modern and spacious. Restaurants are good & checked thoroughly.
Best in class Health insurance
The great culture and projects
Optimism, freedom, respect, industry leader
Great job with great customers
Nice working environment, Good pay which motivates you
Good people and hard work expats.
Good learning environment, Smart people
Great place smart people dynamic
Geam team, managers very well grounded
It is a great place to work
Amazing culture and work life balance made me stay here for half a decade. I really enjoy working here.
A lot of learning from everyone
there is good immigration policy in MS
1. Good working environment 2. Benefits. 3. Work life balance
Satya has changed the culture making Microsoft one of the best companies to work for.
Great people. Excellent value to resume. Lots of room to contribute. Good compensation and benefits.
Good collaborative culture and liberal.
Great people. Excellent value to resume. Lots of room to contribute. Good compensation and benefits.
- good visibility for architects - promotion opportunities
best ever company to work in the word.
Advanced technologies,Cloud computing,Agile,Data Lake
- strong Leadership Team, politics in some management roles - great company, strong vision
Great projects, lot of things to learn, great people and engineering culture.
Brand name is good in your CV You will meet great people, but those are the ones that leave the quickest Food: Good food choice but you have to pay for it Gym: Good facilities and courses, good price
It was very very good
A person get very good job with beautiful environment.
great vision under new leadership
Challenging opportunities and talented people to work with
Office environment Learning Awesome peers Lot of perks
Broad Hybrid and future strategy is inline with customer desires and the technology investments are staggering
food is free. games available if you are interested
Good work with good environment . great place to learn new things and good salary.proid to work in such a great company.thank you
Work life balance, great opportunity to experiment, learn and grow
Amazing Life in all aspects
Benefits for employees, competitive salary
Great Work Life Balance Pay well Cooperative managers
innovation and learning opportunities, career progression
Good Experience in the company
Flexible to try any new role
very good benefits , stock , gym allowance
Package, access to trainings, workplace
Great company vision and leadership Flexible work environment Good pay and conditions
Big company, good title, big buildings.
Talented people, opportunity for impact in the business
educated people, well managed, very sales oriented in Canada. Products are becoming better.
Take care employee and has a good brand
colleagues are very nice, the workload is not so pushing.
ocean of opportunity to learn new technology. i do not think any company provides this much of opportunity to learn and growth in the field of your interest. Value to be in Microsoft Nice perks and quality of transport provide.
sometimes you get to work on intresting deals with intresting topics
- big name - innovative company - flexible
Great benefits package, solid training, RRSP matching is excellent. Great people
Great place to work. 4.5 years of journey and counting.
Some really great people working in the Inside sales teams and the building is fantastic.
Unformal/Flexible culture, High standards, Great perks
good benefits, good food, GOOD WLB
Gates was one of the most misunderstood but his only mistake was trusting his company with Ballmer. Actually a great company to work for—great culture and benefits.
Great work/life balance in some teams ( bing and cortana ) Good culture and values
great company and more opportunities
Challenges, colleagues, salary are satisfying. Long hours.
Any new technologies, you have opportunity to learn and implement Learn and grow as much needed No issue on reaching any top level management
I have lost count of all the benefits Microsoft gives to their employees.
+ salary + food + amazing benefits: gym, company phone, company laptop, company car (in some cases)
Company has very good ethics and with Satya's leadership, things are going great. You have a lot of freedom in choosing the technology.
Flexible working conditions - work from anywhere
They take a good care of you, they try to give you all kinds of trening so you can grow overall (communication etc.)
food , cabs and relocation benefits
Coworkers, benefits, free food, transportation, nice office, cool work
Best Work Culture Best sports facilities Great Co-Workers
Great team, interesting projects, multicountry exposure
Open minded, welcome to initiatives, your own schedule kind of work place. Great place to work with highly professional people and learn from everyone while working on huge scale and influence products.
Great environment, most of the teams are packed by extremely smart and competent people.
Very accommodating, Flexible hours are nice, Great Impact in some areas of the company.
Salary and perks, challenges and company car - stock bonus.
Great place to work Great environment Cool product to work on
Great company, a healthy environment, teamwork.
1. Intellectual freedom 2. Amazing researchers 3. Cutting edge research projects 4. Highly recommended for people aiming for higher studies
Reliable employment High-impact products Reasonable work-life balance Good benefits beyond the paycheck
Great company with great people
Chill environment and not much of hierarchy.
good atmosphere at all times
Fast changing, very professional, lot of internal growth opportunities
qsdqs dfdfd qsdssq qsdd qsd qsdazdza az .
Due to the presence of many teams and products in Microsoft, it is possible to switch to the right work and project you like. Provides very good health insurance coverage for you and your family for free Has a good cricket, football, tennis and volleyball grounds Has an excellent gym with yoga training as well.
Great products, brand and people are proud to work there. Visionary leadership from the CEO and the stock price is great too
Great salaries, bonus and benefits.
Good ramp up, knowledge warehouse
Plenty of resources available internally to grow your skills
Plenty of resources available internally to grow your skills
Awesome Job , Awesome Salary and perks
Wide range of oppotunities are available.
Work Culture Good compensation and benefits
Possibility to grow and learn very fast, great benefits (e.g. company car, healthcare insurance) and salary compared to same position in other IT companies
Work life balance Inclusive culture Good work in some teams
Microsoft is an opportunity for everyone how want to develope, both experienced and non-experienced. There are many industries here and Microsoft exists in many places on the map
Good pay, benefits and work life balance. Awesome people, very helping and Enthusiastic about work.
Company is getting better every day. Love the openness and growth mindset culture.
Lots of benefits. High wage. Flexibility in work hours.
Flexible work hours, Great colleagues, A comany that makes a difference in the world. Diversity
Nice building , Good working condition , Free Shuttle for the center
Flexibility, career development, helpful colleagues
Great company to work for
Excellent facilities and benefits. Great opportunities to learn from the best and work with the best. Lots of opportunities to grow in career.
Some great talent is still Around and this brings opportunities to learn from it. Benefits used to be great.
Technology explorer is more. can learn ms technology in deep.
Great working environment. Opportunity to learn
Remote work Salary Ease of onboarding process
the work life balance is awesome.
Microsoft is a worldwide software company. Very interesting international experience with grate people. Company is very support development of employees.
Decent benefits and stock options
Good work life balance, Amazing Campus, Flexible Working hours
That was a nice comoany
Awesome insentives for freshers just work hard
Good Culture , Good perks , Work life balance
Work life balance Work from home Competitive Salary Best co-employees and work culture
Good Work Environment Work Life Balance
if you are PHD in politics join the Microsoft(MSIT/CFE/PROFESSIONAL SERVICES) etc.. they frequently used to change the SUB ORG Name. SWE leads are unprofessional, pathetic and biased towards someone No work recognition No team work Colleague are involve in buttering and CHUGLI/Politics  ***********Its hell of Software and IT companies(MSIT/CFE only)*************
Has a very good work ethic, can commit.
good culture, growing company, good salary
Fun. High pay. Ultra fun
collaborative culture lots of snacks community support event
best place to work great
1. If you are in Product Development then you will get lot of exciting work. 2. Work on exciting and new technologies. 3. Medical benefits are great. 4. Sports facilities are good.
Good office campus Flexible hours only work matters Good pay
Great work environment and ample opportunity to learn.
Great Work culture Better career options
As usual Microsoft is a great employer.
Company heading in a great direction, benefits are great also.
Great Work culture Better career options
Being a MS employee adds to one CV, working with the best, and facing great challenges. Love the company
A great international company, ace perks, free drinks, happy staff.
* Flexible work hours and holidays * Good projects
Good experience and you meet great people
Not the same job for more than 3 years, always changing, always challenging.
inclusive, diverse, challenging, fast paced always changing
Good people, great culture, smart people around, many technical resources available
Getting Microsoft on your resume - if that even means anything anymore.
Provides good culture for growth. Provides various oppurtunity.
Awesome work, good whi here
Lot of things to be learned. Benefits are good.
1. Very professional 2. Good ramp up time
Provides the breadth of options and aim for depth in any of those disciplines. Unparalleled offerings, customer and people. Great comeback story so one can see how to transform oneself.
+ brand: very good to have Microsoft in your CV + people: you will meet great people with huge talent (but they leave quickly) + Work life balance + food: good choice of cuisine (but you have to pay for it)
A lot to learn from current employees
Great salary package and nice colleagues
Great impact of work you do
flexible working and great working environment
Digital transformation, Opportunity to growth, Internation experience
great company to work for, great working environment and atmosphere
Culture, Work Environment, Growth Mindset
They had a very good environment
Depending on the position, you can manage your time and work at any place you want (you can always have meetings or calls via skype) Collaborate with different areas to participate in several proyects. Most of the people are kind and able to guide you when you join the company.
Good base, strongly performing, interesting work
You get to work on cutting edge tech. You get to work with very smart and talented individuals. You get to work in a wide variety of teams that build products used by customers around the world and can always find interesting tech to work on.
Better JobPay Satisfaction of work Good Codeing
Good salary Growing company A lot of different type of jobs Trusted employer with good brand name Competence development/learning opportunities
Always changing and interesting work
Good Salary, Facilities, Global Opportunities
Good salary good people and atmosphere
Nice campus, meet new people from different cultures, make some friends for life. Great products and chance to work with a great platform. Excellent brand strength with customers.
- Work life balance - Not much pressure of work, you can work at your speed to get growth accordingly
The culture, the energy, the teamwork. I've worked for many companies over my 20 year career. They all have buzz-word laden catch phrases to which they just pay lip service until the profit motive overrides them. MS is different. You feel it genuinely practices what it preaches because it realises that sacrificing some pennies today to do the right thing pays dividends over the long term. And it all comes from the very top - this is how you do leadership by example.
Brand Technology itself is fine Nice co-workers Free coffee Free softdrinks
Balanced growth people innovative flexible
Incredibly diverse and supportive of all. Salary and package is competitive and includes great additional benefits for wellness and promotion of healthy lifestyle. Huge opportunities to move up, around and over(seas). Great tech training including US trip each year to mother ship.
Company Reputation. Free to voice opinion etc. Troubleshooting skill will improve.
Interesting work Variety of technology options to work with Great benefits
open minded, good working environment, work life balance, management style, promising business on cloud
Cost factor is not the concern for any type of development. Smart and ambitious people around you.
Great access to customer C-suite, compensation is great if performing above average, great benefit package
Good company really good one
Benefits and flexibility in hours
Great people to work with.
Work-life balance, decent work, awesome campus, very good benefits
While talking about Microsoft Student Partners Program, they have a nice culture where colleagues are supportive and techie.  Good training opportunities on Cloud and Cognitive Services like Azure, MS AI Bot, LUIS etc.  Free 1 year Visual Studio Subscription
Microsoft Hardware manufacture testing team is a good team.
Good work life balance. Lot of teams helps an individual work on area he/she wants to.
Its a great experience to work for Microsoft
Good Team Managers. Fair working hours
Great Brand Value Good investments in new age technologies Good renumeration
I joined Microsoft few months back and would like to share my experience. It is one of the best Organisation with lot of cultural and ethical values for every person who works here. Work Environment and Growth opportunities are excellent . I am having excellent time both in work and other things to explore in terms of learning and opportunities. Would recommend always to join Microsoft. I am proud to be a part of MS. Hats off and all the very best to MS to keep growing always
Good learning , excellent career growth, worktime flexibility , excellent hr employee management
-awesome working environment -supportive upper management
-Culture: You are open to doing hundreds of activities of outside work -People: You can meet smart people and be a nerd as much as you want -Food: Free drinks and fruit -Brand: Microsoft and Microsoft Cloud are very strong and I would definitely invest in it
love to work no time limit
Great experience overall. Work culture is great, you are surrounded by knowledgeable people that are driven towards there work. Working with Microsoft was great and potential environment to gain knowledge.
Best company to work with. Greta learning and coolest management.
- Good work-life balance - Great office & location - Big company with many different opportunities for learning and growing
Good compensation, good culture and good manager. Free software. Microsoft employee discount on Microsoft Store.
Intelligent work and great learning
Possibilities. Laid back culture. More possibilities.
Pay and benefits Flexible working
Ethics, Work Culture ,people , Facilities
good salary, great work-life balance
Flexible workplace, great team, central location
It's an open environment where you are given freedom to pursue your work at your own independence.
Technology stack is very good. Learning curve is good depending on the team.
Very Innovative company. Good investment policy
Very Innovative company. Good investment policy
Good location. Good food court and social hubs. Free coffee, soft drinks and fruits. A great blend of cultures. Training.
overall good care of employees
Flexibility, tools and approach to employee experience, working with some of the brighteset people who are making amazing things happen.
Was involved in a very complex and fast paced Program that gave me an opportunity to collaborate with many functions of Enterprise Service. Learnt a lot in a very short time.
Innovative and disruptive thinking, working with C-Level executives in real value adding strategy
Nice and smart colleagues to work with.
Got to work with a broad group of companies within different industries gaining insights to their domains.
The happiness of working in a global company
Interesting and vastly varied work
Interesting and vastly varied work
Nice team mates and easy products to sell.
Great learning opportunity, Good hikes
International, multi-cultural, investigative, future thinking
Awesome work-life balance. Chilled out. Not much pressure to meet unreasonable / hard deadlines. Great benefits and stock rewards apart from base pay.
Flexible work hours Ambience and facilities Benefits
Great culture. Understands employee's work and life balance
Nice work . Nice people .great opportunities
The atmosphere is grest with the teammates
Amazing benefits, facilities and campus
Good policies Good infrastructure and facilities.
Great Comoany for IT career
I worked for Microsoft for 2 years. Really liked the experience. I would recommend this company as they are one of he best in the world in developing their employees.
Challenging, lots of new career development opportunities coming every day and friendly team mates
work with very sharp and passionate people
People, community, inclusive, compensation, flexible working
Extremely flexible and understanding managers, best quality of life I`ve had since I started to work. Top of the line hardware and software available.
good people, good salary, good benefits
Good work life balance compared to others
Good Perks Good Salary Huge Technology Stack to work upon Good Learning
Work on some cool projects.
Lots of learning, Good Salaries, Work Life Balance. Very good support from managers when intersted to explore on a new technology . Finally its a great place to work.
salary, competitive, benefits, good environment, team
Freedom Flexible work timing and location good salary package
Generous time off and you can maintain work-life balance.
If you are not into technical, then go for this job.
- Gym at the office - Nice canteen (but take into accounts almost 200€ a month for lunch because, guess what, employees have to pay for that)
Great place to grow in the comfort of a relaxed environment
Work life balance and employee benefits
Software support as l3 support
I like IT jobs which i deserve because that time i would like this job as a computer operator @
Friendly environment, good package, good career path
There is a LOT of very experienced people that you can learn from. The company is very inclusive.
Great place to grow in the comfort of a relaxed environment
good benefit overall and also free food
Very good ,I am very satisfied
Interesting work , nice people, decent pay
Good food, cab facility, work from home, free snacks & fruits
Competitive salary if you are committed.
Employee friendly company with great vision
Good place to learn  Awesome work culture and employee benefits  Chance to work on cutting edge technology
The culture, the people, the community, the opportunities, the general growth mindset and the energy. All add up to make this the best place I have ever worked.
- Like Ocean - Keep Moving - Positive environment
Great flexibility at work, friendly environment, not too much pressure on deadlines
Great Workplace, lovely people, gpod opportunities
Great work environment along with best in the industry benefits
Scope for good technical knowledge and good salary
Great products, great vision, great CEO
Good name in your CV, Microsoft itself is still a great company (except Inside Sales) You extend your network with some great people who share the same misery as you. I met 2 real friends here (both already moved out of MS...)
Great compensation and work life balance
Extremely challenging work in a fast paced industry
compensation and benefits Smart people
Good work culture and people, Few teams have good work and opportunities
Microsoft has really good produts, learning opportunities are key
Great working environment and amazing people
a very intensive school, good pay and benefits
Wide cloud offering and chance to learn in a fast evolving environment. Leading the Modern Workplace transformation and Smart working innovation.
Stable/Sustainable work. Good opportunities to work over diversified projects. Chance to work on India specific problems in tech
good working culture in the office
Good work life balance.
Good work life balance.
- a lot of actually decent and understanding managers ( there's always a few outliers but most are pretty good ) - a decent salary considering the cost of living - a good chance to talk with a lot of talented people
Awesome company with great products
Nice team everything ran smooth ppl are cool.
Great Work life balance. Good facilities. Great Culture.
Best Company TO Work With
As a young company you will find space to be creative and think of innovation products and market to go.
1. Opportunity to work on multiple technology stacks 2. If you have connections then you can grown.
work life balance is Good
Microsoft is a great place to work. Flexible timing, independence of proposing idea, lots of domains and locations to work and ease with an employee can join other teams are few highlights. Microsoft give many benefits and freedom to their employee. Totally a great balance between work and personal life.
great team environment, lot of social clubs
Latest technologies are free, good money
my best tech copany to date
Flexible work hours, Fun activities, Good work life balance
good company to work
Great looking office, good working environment to engineers. On the job time devoted to ongoing learning (monthly day of learning, on site lectures and events) and global hack events giving lots of opps to learn. Some offices have Maker centers for access to maker/IoT device development (for fun).
Microsoft is best company I like it this company
Work life balance is good
Challenging, Adaptive, Dynamic, Cross Cultural and Collaborative
Top Leadership, Technology, compensation, Products, Vision
Work Life Balance, Timings, Variety of roles
- Teamwork - Freedom - Pay - Friendly environment
Leading-edge technologies, fair work environment, good team
Transformative approach under Satya leadership.
Good salary. And good faculties
Interesting industry Opens many doors afterwards - big name on CV and great reputation in the market Good network portfolio High responsibilities given from the start, regardless of employee level Fast-growing learning curve Teaches autonomy, hands-on attitude High exposure on regional level - regular meetings with high hierarchy levels Flat management Very smart and funny co workers Fast-paced environment
Lot of People to know, posibilites of grow
* Great place to start your career * Good benefits and perks * Flexible
balance cooperation develop life salary
Very good work environment , great work life balance , company provides great benefits to it's emplyoees
It provides good salary in Taiwan
Im always direct fair a deliver a reasonable respected safe way of achieving my objectives at work...love what I do and love to share what I have learnt
Good Company and good vision overall Amazing peer and community on the building, great collaboration
Supporting people, innovative ideas, challenging atmosphere.
Perks, learning, work life balance
Salary, diversity, a lot of flexibility, career opportunities
You get all possible advantages you can imagine of being in a big company
Good Environment ,best Company
Brand, starting salary, opportunity to move to another country inside MS.
very good salary and very organized
Perks, learning, work life balance
very good salary and very organized
Culture is great and flexibility in where/how you work is good. People are helpful and salary is competitive.
- Good for you CV. - You learn how to deal with software complexity and company complexity. - Decent benefits and stocks. - You can work from home.
Great work. Working on some of the challenging problems in Computer Science. Pay is real good.
Good salary, flexible hours, convenient
Best office environment Best place to work - perks, benefits, culture
They assure that they contact u within 2 days
Peers and collaboration between your colleges in diffrent teams even remotely
Good Perks and Benefits. Nice Office.
Good Environment Respect People Smart people to work with
Building facilities are ok Team members can be friendly
One of the best facilities in the market you will get while you work at MS. You will not get it anywhere
That's is a nice place to work
You will develop public speaking, sales, business demo and networking skills. BEST Company to work for.
Famous, happy , exellent, great, best choice.
- Flexible hours - Remote working possible - Great team & Management - Room to grow - International environment
Great company to work for
Good work environment competitive internal
variety in the job, innovative company, bright people
Competitive and dynamic working environment.
Great company, constantly innovating, flexible working hours
Really smart people, chances of development in support
- Good benefit and has good work life balance - Great stuff to learn
Excellent resources and career development options
Good salary Free snacks Joining bonus is good Stock options are given and they are also good Environment is also good
a good place to work in
Clever people to work with, healthy and professional work enviroment, a good name in your career. matrix organisation teaches you
Has a vision that is inclusive and empowering. Ethical, passionate, compassionate and visionary.
Freedom to prioritize your work. Full support and guidance from Project Managers.
Freedom to prioritize your work. Full support and guidance from Project Managers.
Trainings, Good place to work
Nice campus, good facilities and fair benefits.
> Decent pay > Good work life balance > Impactful work
Good pay, good benefits and pretty intresting work
Great people, professional, flexibility, great for parenthood.
Smart, talented people. Flexible work. Good corporate strategy. Operations running like clockwork. Good to have on resume.
Great Company with very smart people.
Most groups are living the cultural changes Satya is pushing. The change is visible and demonstrable. Lots of great problems to solve!
ownership and lots of scope to learn
The products is being used broadly
Great Campus (Hyderabad, India), Smart colleagues, Good Compensation.
Good salary and perks plus its a big name
Excellent Training, Good salary, Great company overall
The office itself is quite fancy. Good coffee. Decent career opportunities.
Good salary, bonus & benefits. Access to bleeding edge technologies
Work life balance, leading edge technologies
Best Working Methods and Work Security.
Good company , great culture, good fit for people
Big company, sounds good to others
Big company, sounds good to others
Great company to work on, huge impact opportunity.
Market leader technology, innovation, great opportunities for internal career
Employee centric in terms of amenities and services provided
Very collaborative workplace, would recommend
Got to work with some of the smartest people i've known. Team culture is also amazing.
good work environment and seniors
Empowered to deliver change within your role and with your customers. Great people to work with and autonomy to manage your own time and workload.
Exciting company with a great CEO
good company try to join if got a chance
- market leader - inspiring athmosphere - diverse and interesting colleagues
Freedom of work, work life balance
One of the best places
Collaboration, education, work life balance
flexible working hours, great salary packages
- Good benefits - Healthy work-life balance is encouraged
Good salary and perks with matched pension contributions and even annual flu vaccinations.
Cutting edge technology and products. Trendsetter Open source Great benefits
Great portfolio Azure O365 LinkedIn,. Satya is a visionary CEO
Great Employment Benefits, Customer Facing Role & Customer Challenges.
Microsoft is a great environment to learn from.
Working on the most interesting projects.
Microsoft as a company offers one of the best in class perks like 1. Employee stock plan - every quarter you can buy stocks at 10% discount 2. INR 100 food subsidy per day 3. Free AC buses 4. Large campus and lots of play area - Pool Table, TT Table, Chess, Carrom etc.
Room for progression, good salary
technology people strategy cloud management
Reputation Brand Name Plenty of learning opportunities Some managers are supportive
very good working place nice environment
Benefits perks culture timing people
If you want a cozy environment and learning interesting tech stuffs and make your CV shines. It’s a place to go. Great work-life balance.
Perfect experience excellent amazing beautiful
Work Life Balance, Own Office
Microsoft will reshape you with new values that include deep listening to the customers, lead with empathy, and the importance of learning every single day.
work life balance is good.
Great momentum in Cloud business (Microsoft Azure). Culture and values. Great leader, Satya Nadella.
Great space to learn technology and collaborate with others, with space to have a good work and live balance
good salary, relex work arrangement, good coffeeshop.
nice colleague，easy to work with
Teaching is my passion and i love to spend time with children
flexible working schedule and stuff
Great place to work, great culture.
Really good opportunities at the company
In a sales role it is refreshing to see it is not solely about hitting numbers. One is also measured on collaborative efforts, sharing ideas and learning from others as well. The culture can vary by organisation but overall the company has a good culture and it is always improving.
Great place to work, great culture.
Interesting technology with lots of interesting people
You works only 15 days in a month and get good salary, u have many free days to do another
dynamic working environment, great people to work with and the benefits are great. the management is trying to expose the strategy and the compete goals.
Great place to work at Microsoft
Good incentives , good company brand, high stock prices
Great culture, talented people, great managers, good work life balance
Good learning, great benifuts
Work life balance, good career growth, Flexible timing, Good food
Extremely smart people all around. Things are going great especially with Satya at the helm
It's very energetic place to work in
Good salary Nice people Well Equipped kitchen
Great people, ability to move between teams, good compensation.
People, scope, enviroment is nice
Nice spirit, flexibility hours and benefits.
Great work culture. Very employee friendly policies
good Compensation and Benefits. best Career Opportunities for a Ph.D. student
Great Experience, System level work, Interesting work
Good pay Nice environment Vast network Endless support and resources
Good technology exposure decent pay structure
Great culture with lots of autonomy for individuals
Nice atmosphere nice place to work at
Nice working environment with proper benefits and good food.
Generally a company that has a good benefits for its employees Job opportunities especially for young and talented people
Great culture, great company, really smart people.
Flexible work hours, Super cool colleagues and managers who empathize, good benefits to keep all the employees happy overall.
Excellent work environment and work culture. challenging but exciting
Best place to work at. Brilliant People all around.
Nice Environment, Smart Workmate
Helpful and great people Good perks and pay
Great Culture and very dynamic environment.
- awesome company - great place to grow - career opportunities - people
Great people to work with. Cultural transformation ongoing and very excited to see our progress.
I have complete my Graduation in computer science so i wanna do some professional work.
salary , prospects, building, known company
Large company with rules and regulations
Great company, great innovations, transparent , rewarding
Great role. Perfect mix and exposure of the technology and the business
Very good investor in their staff: provided lots of training
Good company to work and have exposure to
Perks and Benefits.....daily challenges....smart people.....and much more
good worklife balance, benefits and stocks.
I like to earn money and I love data entry jobs from home it’s a good source to earn money
Really awesome company to work really enjoyed
Good new campus, good benefits in general except opportunities for growth which is falsely advertised
good place to start. great learning opportunities. since microsoft has products in wide range, once can use this opportunity to dive into any stream he / she wants to get expert on.
Good payscale. Brand value adds to your resume.
Smart people, flexible work hours, and leading the way in tech.
Great culture of customer obsessed and learning from others
Good work life balance, good working env
Solid company, all around good experience
Work, colleagues, gym center, work hours, envirronment
Awesome work atmosphere, challenging, yet interesting tasks.
Flexible working hours Good welfare package Great work environment Creates capacity to increase professionalism
Work life balance is great
Interesting technical challenges, you work on projects impacting millions of people all over the world. Lots of additional benefits, good office location, and the office itself is pretty good.
- Really great benefits, all the time - Flexible working hours - Worked with agile methodology
work life balance, multiple products you can work within the company, nice people
work life balance, multiple products you can work within the company, nice people
Meeting different people with a lot of knowledge, simply smart people
Excellent work life balance with awesome premises.
lovely lovely People, helpfull, they teached you from the start until the end.
Great company to work for
Good work culture and management
Brand , Facilities , Get to work at the cradle of technologies
Flexible, salary, benefits, many possibilities, freedom
Great culture and and great team
World largest IT company and salary is too high.
Nice new building in Dublin. Great co-workers. Many products and opportunities to work on. Many changes at the moment, and believe it should get better with time.
Soft skills & technical training Smart & professional colleages
Canteen decent place well maintained
You can have enough time for 1. self learning at Microsoft. 2. your family. 3. taking care of Health. The learning resource provided by Microsoft for their employees are tremendous.
good working environment. expected it to be dull
Work life balance, training, culture
- Excellent benefits - Challenging work and amazing colleagues - Decent remuneration - Good learning opportunities - Good international exposure
1. Freedom to innovate and grow as much as you want 2. Decent pay 3. Learn Learn Learn
Great compensation plans Good work-life balance Most roles are extremely easy not to fail Still has a huge momentum on the market
Technical oriented and the transformation to cloud is a good trend.
Dynamic Team Work mobility always learning
- Work-life balance - Free lunches (upto Rs 100 a day) - Good campus with facilities - Good healthcare benefits - Domain knowledge - Will learn a lot about CRM
I have learned a lot in this working experience, the company values diversity and has a culture of achievement, in which you are seen by your results.
Ease of work. No micro management
Awesome place to work but depends on your team
Benefits are worth working hard for
awesome company to work
* work life balance can be chosen as per individual * good compensation at higher levels
Glamorous, High End on the Industry. Working face to face with people, if anything it’s like working in a hospital with patients with all sorts of issues. It was great to help them. Fantastic environment for understanding better retail human behavioural patterns. Fast paced, everything was in constant moves and change. Never still Industry only gets trough with loyal customers.
Good Salary Range, Visibility in the Org, work with latest technologies
satisfied with the current work environment
Awesome company to work with Many things to learn from experts
Good Salary Range, Visibility in the Org, work with latest technologies
smart people, enhancing technology, driving digital transformation
Well known company worldwide . Very pro working and transparent environment . Huge information resources for your work and training. Excellent people and colleagues . Fun and challenging . There is no doubt that you will love to work for Microsoft.
Good, respectful culture. Treats employees respectfully. Lots of opportunity for employees that are prepared to manage their own careers and take the initiative.
Salary is higher compared with the market.
Excellent Vision Very Dynamic Exposure to everything of the best Good Salary
Great flexibility, good people, interesting challenges
Salary, People, Place, Car, Culture
Lost of opportunity across functions. High relevance to customers
super . it was awesome
I love to do part time in this company.because I want earn some money for my financial problems
Lots of young people, fun culture, can wear jeans and sneakers to work.
- Many resources to learn - Good co-workers - Good compensation and benefits - Positive shift in culture in the last years
Nice environment Full of resources
Very good environment, good salary
It's such a big company that even if your direct report doesn't care about you, there are processes in place to ensure you're adequately taken care of. Not to mention the constant stimulation of a multinational tech giant, every week there's something new to learn or discover that your company made.
Strong US leadership. Healthy share price
subsidised lunch, good work life balance
Analytical Intelligence , Team Work , Dicipline
great environment. helpful teams good money good career best place to learn
solid well-known people oriented company
Big N Company. Nice on resume. Good compensation
I am speak three languages,and had a long experience in translation and interpretation field
Depending on which team you are part of, the benefits are great. Along with good pay, work is pre-planned and you can work from home without any issues. Some of the colleagues could be really good at their work and are a great source for future references/networking.
Compensation, environment, benefits, amazing colleagues and peers.
• Myriad of potential products and career paths • Incredibly smart people • Relative stability • Work/life balance • Lots of learning resources (books, courses) • New CEO has definitely helped galvanizing people and slowly embracing positive change
Satya, fair, empathetic. An organization with a great mission and leadership to empower people and organizations around the world to do more
A lot of opportunities for engineers and tech sales with cloud expertise.
Microsoft is growing dev teams in Czech Republic. Skype, Microsoft Teams and Dynamics are developed on site. There is great opportunity to work on all kind of stuff from frontend to backend.
Nice colleagues, perks, benefits. Average pay.
Highly competitive work environment and rewarded well. Performance driven organisation culture that values, outcome based reviews, anchoring on making others great and contributing to teams success.
A lot of opportunities for engineers and tech sales with cloud expertise.
Work Culture Exposure to new technologies
- Well organized offices and a nice environment to work
Great benefits, Great working environment Good career progression chances
V good place to work
A very strong brand, both in the enterprise and consumer markets. Strong products that we all use on a daily basis. A company that changed the world and is doing it again. Exceptional leaders at C-level, starting with Satya who stands out as a humble, visionary and figure making CEO. A feeling of being in the footsteps of Bill Gates, one of the very few ultra-wealthy people genuinely trying to make the world a better place. Overall, working at Microsoft is about being connected to a couple of core values and showing up at work with a sense that there is a higher purpose to it. Beyond that, employment conditions and benefits are excellent, work atmosphere is mostly collaborative, and for those like me who are in the enterprise business, it is one of the only companies who virtually has every single firm on earth as a customer.
Incredibly flexible, amazing co-workers, collaborative culture and environment, employees treated with respect
Ambience was good. Refreshments were available. Cab facility was good.
Friendly, open environment build on trust
Work life balance, great team
performance is being tracked often
good benefit and work life balance.
Good infrastructure, with free drinks
awesome overall in every aspect.
Flexible working, opportunities for international travel and job opportunities abroad
Smart ppl around Bigger teams (easy to transfer between) Good work life balance
Great company to work for
Lots of training opportunities provided
good company to work for.Great pay
Everything was fine. Benefit, working environment.
Flexible work time, Health insurance benefits, perks other than the Salary
Proud Great salary worldwide reputation great team great leaders increasing stock price
Plenty of resources available for learning
Excelent salary and overall conditions
Well organized and fun workplace & facility
Good work culture and perks, understanding and liberal management
Microsoft is the best company up tilll now
Great compensation Good team work culture Good potential for growth
1. Good Work Life Balance 2. Good bonus/benefits
World class facilities, Industry competitive benefits ,
Amazing Technology Exposure, Adoption of new Azure features and of course it's startup culture open lot of door for Growth
MS is a great place to work, with a diverse culture and incredible opportunities. The management style will most of the time get the best out of the people
Good place to be in
Great peer group, flexibility in working hours
Big well known company Decent compensation
Fantastic Company and Products, company strategy is excellent too. CEO is very charismatic and talented.
Good people, Good work-life balance
Employees can choose where and when to work generally. You can remotely work easily with many tools to enable it.
car, bonus, phone, beautiful campus, expenses..
Good working environment. People are always willing to help. Work life balance.
Great chance to evolve, Many opportunities to learn and grow, Great mentors and one can choose his own carrier path, Diverse trainings
great company to work at, care for employees
You can gain an experience on cutting-edge technologies in Microsoft.
free food in the office
Great opportunities to advance
I did not see any Pros to work with a great company like Microsoft!
Microsoft have never been to the bottom.
- Get to interact with some of the best minds in the Industry  - Always get to work on the latest and the greatest in the market  - Work-life flexibility  - Open door culture  - Internal job changes are allowed and encouraged  - Medical Insurance and benefits  - Stock awards (not in all the divisions)  - Good infrastructure
Motivating team, These days they are using node js which is allowing one to explore open source
Work culture, technology exposure. Perks
Flexible, growth mindset, good payment to employees
work wit lots of people
CEO vision is strong, genuine desire to drive a growth mindset throughout the organisation. Strong culture of helping and learning from others.
Fantastic place to work. Smart people.
You can learn a lot in a big corporation . Always on top of the trends and technologies.
Lovely offices in Reading. Free drinks, friendly people.
* Working across countries and cultures * Working for a brand which is instantly recognizable * Working from home is allowed globally * Freedom to just do the job * Respected as an individual * Company culture is changing under Satya and there is a momentum to this * A short time at this firm is good for your career
Great place to work, good guidance
Great environment, flexibility in hours, smart people
Great benefits, competitive salary, great culture. Fairly easy to move around the organisation and try different roles. Flexible ways of working.
work culture , nature of job, interesting training session
Is nice with a competitive salary
compensation vacation benefits challenges flexibility
Home-office full time, flexibility, vacations can be splitted
Great company to work for
Best of salary and employee benifits in the market!
Great team, nice accessories, great boss
Microsoft gives their employees an opportunity to fully utilize their capabilities and it also gives a person a chance to grow professionally and career wise.  It also offers really satisfactory incentives to their employees.
compensation vacation benefits challenges flexibility
Very good company.....good work culture
Friendly, team support, good package
Work Life Balance, Fantastic People, Career Development Opportunities
Recognized brand, like minded people, great new strategic direction
Very relaxed atmosphere on the UK Campus. They look after their staff very well, with the benefits scheme very useful. Never seem to be understaffed in office based positions, so workload is always manageable
Steep Learning, Awareness Of Microsoft technologies
Great history of technical innovation. Great learning. Good pay. Great team / talent.
Workplace flexibility, work anywhere and when you want. Good salaries. Work with the latest technologies.
Great vision, great culture. Reward is decent too. Very open. If you want to continue your career in Tech industry, experience at MSFT will be really helpful.
Good company, great culture, great people
good office environment and friendly commits
Microsoft IDC Hyderabad is a good place to work. The salary is competitive. You can get free lunch, snacks and good soft drinks. People are friendly and policies are transparent.
Very flexible when it comes to your working time and location.
Great work life balance. Get to build products that have huge impact.
I have been here for 1 year and below is what i see:  Nice facilities compared to other companies, Microsoft has its Standards, Just people should not misuse it.  Team members are good, No way people can escape work, If you have given some thing you have to do it, you can put it on others to do your work.  Salary is good.  Individuals get cubicles to work and they dont ask you to occupy others cubicles like experiences i have had in the past companies.  Employees are decent and maintain the Microsoft standard, Still few up's and down's can be seen.  5 star rating is because this is been the best company i have been working so far and i have seen worst as well.
Great company, Great CEO & Great Pay.
Free soda. Great pension. Great atmosphere.
A lot learn. Good perks. Employee friendly
A lot learn. Good perks. Employee friendly
work life balance, perks, culture
Flexible working arrangement, good $ and benefits, changing culture
Accountable for full ownership of the new product launches by facilitating extensive number of key stakeholders and launch new product and offer to customers (both Consumer/Commercial) around the world.
Best Place to work. Best employee benefits. Best growth opportunist.
Open for career opportunities, Pursue diversity
Great team building, Chill env
Flexibility, management by objectives, empowerment to the field
I think its a better company to for security & earning purpose.
Access to the latest tech, free software, amazing discounts and benefits.
Salary and perks are awesome
great people, great solutions, great partners, great work space
- Stock Options - Investment in knowledge acquisition - Great place to work - Great challenges
The company offers good salaries and career development opportunities. The culture and values feel right.
Work Culture plus plenty of opportunities to learn and improve technically
Strategy / Quality of the teams / learning
Great company, positive environment, amazing people!
Collaborative culture, cutting-edge technology, responsive coworkers, great culture
good work environment for all
Great Opportunity to Learn in Microsoft
You have freedom to work as long as the set goals achieved. Great opportunities to explore latest technology.
Great packages, development oppties and WLB
good work environment for all
Great culture and Satya is a blessing for Microsoft
Great atmosphere and great people
Fantastic in all respects and fulfilling.
Get what you put in and very flexible on work and life balance
very good benefits and fun!
smart people decent pay some products are good
Culture is amazing, salary for FTEs is quite good, great place to grow and share experience, vision for the future
Great and big Company, lots of smart guys
Cool collegues, concurrent salary etc
+ compensation package over the median
Work-life balance, career opportunities and collaborative environment
much freedom, good payment and benefits
Very good facilities and culture
Best Work Life Balance and friendly environment
very nice team and experience
Some intelligent people to learn from.
Open work culture, good compensation
The role is a fantastic opportunity that I have got to make a difference, make my mark, achieve success and transform the market. I am proud of what I have achieved and feel positive that the recent changes to the operating model of the role will bring more opportunity to make positive contributions to the company, customers and partners
I've been working with Microsoft for almost 2 years now and I must say that this is the best Product based company. It gives you good hike both in terms of Base and Bonus. Benefits such as Medical, Fitness, Dental/Vision, Shares and Bonus are good. The leave policy at Microsoft is incomparable.
- Top professional opportunities, can learn a lot - salaries and benefits - Very good to growth quickly
Great environment to work in
Fabulous people, HR, our GM, M&O, Sales, really great Microsoft People and Partners. A true honour to work for Microsoft.
nice people and environment, good overall pay, great infrastructure to work
Microsoft Shanghai Minhang Campus is a nice place with good work ethics. Lots of professionals that like to learn from each other.
Plenty of opportunities to learn, leading edge technology to work with, great working environment
It has some fantastic attributes - the tech is great, but can’t execute a sales strategy. So often world leading technology is surpassed due to dithering / nonexistent sales strategies.
Very cool technology, willing to change, great world wide impact and influenze
- Business Travel - Flexible - Work from home - Good Culture - Pays well - Areas to improvement - career opportunities and promotions - Great campuses with new technologies - Company meetings
I was in the Bing relevance team. The people I worked with were smart and motivated. We had good work opportunities and were pushed by the leadership to pick new and challenges projects. Microsoft is the ideal big company for having a good work life balance.
experience in one of the top companies in the IT industries
Everything good people, supporting and helpful, fantastic perks
I'm looking for a continuous career growth in a professional environment at a reputable company
- Some of the best and fast moving teams in VSTS. - Perfect mix of a startup philosophy with enterprise customers - Global Impact - Good senior leadership
Mission, People, Current Technology, Benefits, Charity
Wonderful learning exposure from seniors
Mostly friendly work environment. Great work/life balance.
You'll get to work with smart people
The culture is great here. When you join a team, you really feel at home and get a sense that you can trust your co-workers. There is always room to grow or move within the company.
Culture in Europe, innovative, ambitious, empowering, global
Flexible Work environment. Amazing CEO and Company Mission. Always strives to do the right thing.
Ambitious projects, work-life balance, energetic managers
work culture and learning experience is very good
Progressive, rewarding - you will learn and grow in an incredible way
best place to work, pay a lot(above avg)
1. Employee friendly policy. 2. Very good perks and salary.
Collaboration is highly valued and encouraged by LT. A wide range of technical resources are available so one could easily access these in order to develop his skills.
Culture, growth, inspiration, freedom, proud
Work culture is open and respectful. Work life balance is good as well.
Very competitive salary - above industry standard - very smart people
Technology - it’s a big plus specially in cloud technologies where hybrid solutions are a big draw for all types of customer. Empowerment - Most of the people are empowered & can take decisions - depending on their managers though.
Great job for while you're in school. Really good benefits and staff members. A lot of opportunities to take initiative in different roles.
Great experience and work environment.
i can move to work in wildly different areas over the years without losing seniority or worrying about your pay. I did Windows, IE for Unix, Flight Simulator, peer-to-peer, touch mouse, research, distributed file systems (cosmos) and now cloud computing (Azure compute). It’s awesome. Good pay, great benefits, awesome work environment, and really nice area to live in (Redmond / east side), at least for the things I value
* The work environment was great! * Awesome collegues, learned lots of new skills * Lots of freedom * Moonlightning (you are allowed to work on own proyects off-hours and keep the rights) * Lots of opportunities to move around the company * I was on an office which offered breakfast and lunch
Clear visions with enterprise software solutions
Ambitious creative team, new products, projects, passionate about their mission
best learning opportunities. Access to product group and internal tools Lots of medical and leaves benefits
Good Work Life balance and benefits.
Salary and very knowledgeable staff
Great team, great office conditions
Great company, work life balance,
The building with its different restaurants, gym etc. is pretty cool and most of my colleagues were too.
inclusive atmosphere, development opportunities, growth mindset, innovation, a lot of responsibility and freedom, full of passion
Great platform to attract good resources, decent benefits
Good benefits package, vibrant and challenging work environment
good salaries, lots of advantages, teleworking, home working
great salary and company overall
Lots of knowledge to gain
Good work/life balance for the most part
Friendly atmosphere and great people to work with!
Great flexibility in choosing team
Lot of growth opportunities and even if the work sometimes could be hard the company is really helping to get a good life-work balance
1) Amazing leadership under Satya our new CEO and Steve Worrall the M.D. in Australia 2) The Number one cloud company in the world (literally) 3) The greatest sales training you could ask for, ongoing mentoring, coaching and support. The M.D. even does call coaching with the sales reps! 4) The best pay anybody could ever ask for 5) international travel 6) clearly defined processes
Good and talented people to work with
Very Good benefits and leave options!
- work life balance is a focus - great benefits
Best Company I have ever worked for. Great people. Super flexible
Best Company I have ever worked for. Great people. Super flexible
Very good technology company, transforming to cloud company
Microsoft is full of knowledge and hands on experience on Windows. New and variety of technologies to discover.
Great company Great flexibility Excellent potential to earn significant bonus/shares Super people
good workplace to do a job
Excellent environment Promotes work life balance High end technology Passionate for customers
Friendly environment Very Usefull in learning New Technologies Helpful Project Managers
Good Salary, Nice Perks, Good opportunities
* Decent Training on the product
Flexible working, good employee benefits
Flexible working, good employee benefits
Excellent place to work at Good learning culture Good working environment Flexible work hours
Interest in employees as they do offer a lot of possibilities for personal/professional development. WFH is an useful benefit. Contact with big companies/businesses
Culture, Growth, Fun, Positive, Inclusive
Brand, Good Pay and perks, Great campus
Challenging work environment. Fast paced work, challenges one to be better all the time.  Very diverse colleagues. A lot of experiences from across industries.
transparent and willing to give career opportunity.
Many opportunities in different departments
1. You get to work on the latest technologies. 2. The culture is great.
Flexible hours, Decent Pay and Good benefits
Colleagues, benefits, culture and career development
Opportunities are endless Management chain is top notch Tech is current and leads the industry Lots of budget for training Great people The Garage! Pay is very good.
Great salary, great benefits, shares
Good people, good learning opportunities
Brand name,Exposure to multiple technologies etc. But hardly you will get time to even think of getting your hands on exciting things happening in other divisions of MS.
- best place to learn Microsoft's technologies - nice and friendly colleagues always willing to help
good company with great benifits
Working environment, benefits package, stock, some inspirational colleagues
benefits, work from home approachable managers
An amazing dynamic environment, great opportunities to learn about the new technologies, good salary and benefits
good company with great benifits
Working environment, benefits package, stock, some inspirational colleagues
Great people, great benefits, a lot of knowledge within teams
Great company, great people, good working conditions
Get to work with some of best technology. Very flexible working, lots of talented people.
One of the best places to work company LT is awesome
Among top ten best workplaces
work culture, career growth, compensation
freedom to do what you want to do.
Flexible, good pay and benefits, accountability to the business, cool products, CEO is trying to change culture to be more inclusive and focus on people.
Company Benefits are satisfactory. The offer reasonable base salary. Good brand reputation looks good on your CV. Availability of trainings.
* Work with some really smart people * Excellent Compensation and benefits * Offers breadth of technologies that you can work in * Most of the time work is challenging * Fairly transparent performance review system
Supportive well paid helpful good communications
good culture, good payment, nice colleague
The company really explores your potential, always encourage you to think what you want to do next and helps you to build your career. Extremely competent and prepared people working together.
Flexible work arrangements, stock awards, good salary
I was part of the now-defunct Mobile Phone unit (formerly Nokia Mobile Phones). I really loved the positive attitude of the company towards technology development, and getting a feeling of being at the leading edge of technology. The multi-cultural, truly global way of working was for me a definite plus, and I'm willing to consider re-joining the company (I left only because the entire Mobile Phone operations were shut down).
Very highly technical team to work
a lot of courses and learning
I don't find any pros in terms of benefits
Competitive, Process oriented, Good compensation
Supportive colleagues, great location, free drinks and snacks,
Great school, lots of opportunities and interesting projects
Big name on your CV Competitive remuneration package
Place to learn so many things technically. No body will stop you from learning. If you have the zeal.. this is the place to be.
Simply one of the best package offered overall, from OTP, to stock options, education for your children
Microsoft as a brand is evolving and you would definitely want to be a part of that
It's all up to the team you work. You get extra benefits like fitness reimbursements etc. Nothing much.
Lot of resources available to learn Good benefits
As long as target is on track, you have freedom in how you spend your time. Be it in office or working from elsewhere
As long as target is on track, you have freedom in how you spend your time. Be it in office or working from elsewhere
Good experience on software design
Great place to work for I think
- Great work life balance - Good Salary
People, opportunities, challenges, reputation, status
Challenging and exciting great projects and culture
Great company good terms and sallery
it is the best comapny
A leader in the cloud business
Best people, lots of perks, great company
Managed well room for growth
Good salary, nice enviroment, worklifebalance
lots of learning and free resources
Very good with bonuses, clever people around you, everybody is mostly technical.
5 years ago I would have never accepted a job at Microsoft. But the new company under Satya Nadella is completely changed. It's forward looking, focusing on cloud computing, AI, virtual reality, and quantum computing and doing really cool stuff. Diversity is valued all the way from the top down. Very accommodating, supportive work environment that encourages learning. Pleasantly surprised!
Good pay, good perks, good opportunities to move around organizations, sponsors H1B Visa
1. Access to Technology and Great customers 2. Flexible working hours 3. Salary 4. A lot of benefits which tight you to the company
Good salary & smart people. A good place to work for 3 years in a position.
best company to work at. lots of career growth option
Competitive compensation, typically competent colleagues, increasing investment and recruitment bets on younger profiles. Usually flexible hours and locations.
Competitive compensation, typically competent colleagues, increasing investment and recruitment bets on younger profiles. Usually flexible hours and locations.
Great culture, people and environment to work, continuous learning with awesome technology. Microsoft do what we say and say what we do. Very collaborative and supportive. Really enjoy and love working for Microsoft.  Management is supportive and encouraging.
Awesome place to work at
Depending on the subsidiary, great benefits, travelling opportunities and career projection.
Huge Brand. Adds value to any CV. Great work environments in terms of flexible work timing, dress code, great managers etc.
A company who’s tremendously taking care of their teams.
Excellent place to learning and work. A lot of money, not so many bureaucracy. Depends on department it might be interesting, or extremely interesting. But the best - is the people. Real professionals with small amount of exclusion.
Great people and atmosphere, a lot of team work. Code quality is very good, learned a lot about writing scaleable and sustainable code.
A good place to achieve experience.
Great culture, teammates and manager.
Good salary and benefits Infinite learning opportunities good internal growth within company work life balance
Great Brand Value with good pay master
Great place to work at
The dynamics of the business and the consistent strong brand name
*High Pay *Nice infrastructure *Good service *Place with great minds
Microsoft has turned the tide so the mood is upbeat inside the company. It nurtures personal development and growth, and stands by its employees in hours of crises. It encourages you to challenge yourself in order to unlock your hidden potential. Good employee facilities and perks. Company values such as mutual trust and empathy are admirable.
Great place to work. Nice environment
A very good company, leader in innovation. Wise management able to motivate.
High salary and interesting projects
learning experience, inclusion, customer obsession, innovation
I have got the pleasure to join the Microsoft post-sales team. It has been an amazing experience which made me improve myself and my languages skills in taking part of this international time. It's a great place to start and improve your career.
a great school of great professionals
you can get in-depth knowledge on MS products.
Great package. Great team! GREAT PLACE TO WORK
Everything is great while I'm working here
Best Campus and other facilities.
good benefits and colleague are nice
People: enthusiastic and smart. It is a pleasure to work with most individuals. Also, as an expat in Copenhagen, more than half of my friends group are current or ex-colleagues at Microsoft.  Agility: most we do is relevant work, with no stiff procedures to get in the way. We are trying out various ways of managing projects, and not limiting ourselves to a given formula (although scrum has been the thing for a few years, until we moved on).  Technology: depending on the team / most teams work on quite exciting stuff.
good working flexibility much more to learn
Brand, Policies, Salary, Exposure and Proud feeling.
good perks good food good work culture good cocurricular facilities
Great people, good atmosohere, good managers
very creative environment, lots of idea generation
Best Employee Friendly Company I have ever seen
work life balance, people, personal development
Developed my knowledge and experience
Great environment and people. Management understands the direction of the market to keep the company alive
Great People, now working on lot of cutting edge tech.
Nothing to talk about really, maybe weekly performance reviews.
Always learning culture - you're encouraged to learn and develop yourself and skills  Sideways moves to learn a new part of the organisations are supported. International moves are also very possible.
innovative, leading, values, benefits, future
Great Place to work, great learning experience
The best company in the world of technologies
1. Good facilities - food and transport
Lots of good tools to get your work done Usually no issues with budget
The salary and benefits are very good.offers many possibilities for career.
1. Work-Life balance 2. Culture 3. Freedom 4. People 5. Growth
Great people Excellent technology and facilities Very good remuneration and benefits package Very ethical company
company prospects, working environment and work-life balance
Good work life balance (if you live close enough to the campus). Good salaries and benefits with respect to the industry.
Flexible hours work, remotely salary paid weekly depending on your portfolio. Has a good human resources excellent team working, pays good money and on time. This is a company to work for without stress
friendly people, a lot to learn
Perks and work life balance
Good managers, good employees, prestigious name
Lot of focus on people , innovation .
Excellent products, clear vision, and new age.
Things are quite fair. Your contributions are visible to the entire subsidiary.
Great location and reasonable benefits package
Interesting people and huge scale of customers
Option to choose which task you have to work and when to work (depends on team) There are internal tools for everything and so it's easy to build something Sports and Fitness freaks will love the campus
Money will get you a long way as a student. Moreover the flexible schedule helps out a lot during stressful periods.
It was great learning opportunity
Option to choose which task you have to work and when to work (depends on team) There are internal tools for everything and so it's easy to build something Sports and Fitness freaks will love the campus
Great colleagues Awesome benefits Stable company Impact millions of customers Great company on the resume
- Good work environment - Good salary - Health care ....
Lot of smart people and always something new to work.
Flexible work hours and approachable culture
Plenty of personal development opportunities outside of core job role. '70/30' split between role and extra-curricular like activities. Great offices with amazing facilities such as subsidised coffee shops, two huge canteens, onsite subsidised gym etc. Able to work from home when required
nice office with great people
Good work life balance and perks.
Interesting and informative training, direct sales experience
Amazing people, culture and resources
I think Microsoft is a fair start for new engineers and a great place for old engineers to stay here but doing few works.
Good environment. They visit their sites quite often and give good feedback.
MS is a nice place to work in Spain, but after 12 years you can start feeling you have to change
Good benefits, good salary, leader company.
Very good Company with a nice environment
The Salary was great and we always got bonus
Microsoft is a giant ship and it has many internal tools & platforms to improve your productivity. Working experience at Bing is also very useful for getting the other jobs in the internet industry.
- people centric strategy - inspirational leadership - strong benefits - employees development great investments
Always improving Focused on growth mindset Managers focused on employee needs Strong culture of innovation
transforming rapidly with new ideas and culture, super friendly work environment .
Good place to work in
Good work life balance for most employees
- Great Company culture - Great compensation - Interesting work - Excellent growth opportunities - Great social events - Incredibly flexible working - Wonderful and modern office space
Employee-centric exposure to globe and best environment to work This company gives their employee a good environment to work and get freshen up and the best part is people need not to be forced to work. Everybody understands their own responsibility and get the work done on time. Thats what i noticed
Amazing company which motivates you to learn a lot
Smart and skilled colleagues, inspiring environment
Good for technology expert to create impact
Good products, appreciation, good teaching, nice environment . Lots of free products from MSDN subscriptions for learning and development, helps you to improve yourself
Wonderful, smart, motivated people Fantastic perks including but not limited to lots of free food and booze, free entry to tech events, tuition reimbursement, fantastic health insurance, etc Very philanthropic company who always wants to give back and supports employees that do, too Honestly, I can't say enough wonderful things about Microsoft. My time there was amazing.
Great perks and HR/Occupational Health is top notch. Brand new purpose built office building.
It is a great honor to work and be part of this fantastic company
Nice facilities and colleagues. Professionalism and good benefits.
Freedom of execution Work from home Flat organisation
Great strategic direction by Satya and his team Very inclusive and diverse organization Good benefits compared to the market
Great teaming of people, great location and office, great benefits, extremely smart people, capable management and great technical product (cloud)
Wide range of products. Great structure Smart people to work with
good pay nice team
Awesome pay, benefits, good work-life Balance
Best for fitness freaks Talented people to work with
A lot of technical learning. Competitive environment
The company is amazing, multicultural, a lot of young people from the whole EMEA territory.
Good working conditions, interesting people and huge scale of customers.
Friendly atmosphere, good cafeteria and location.
1. Work life balance 2. Multiple products
Salary + benefits, high level of co-workers and Challenges, diversity, respect to employees, culture focused on growth, purposes
Employee Benefits,perks Work from home Access to training, certifications
The salary and offered benefits are from top companies and Company brand name is one of the best in the IT market
Plenty of opportunities to explore
Good company to learn new technologies
Employee Benefits,perks Work from home Access to training, certifications
Work environment is good. They appreciate learning.
Open and honest communication. Commitment to diversity. Great fun. Interesting projects. Flexible work from home options. Feels like family. Fantastic career progression.
Very talented people you work with Innovation and the services of the offerings are impressive
Good communication with the managers. Competitive salary and benefits.
Great leader in a wide range of technologies inspiring and challenging a great opportunity to grow, continuously a company to be proud to work for benefits are really above the average flexibility network of colleagues
work life balance free fruit good project
Food, Perks, Parking, Sunlight, Tea
Good salaries and cooperative staff.
Very good experience with Microsoft Axapta, lot of things are there for leadn
Great office space, perks and compensation, trainings and workshops, flexibility in terms of dress code, work timings etc. There are some people who are smart and efficient.
Big company with huge potential. The cloud services provided by Microsoft will be the base for future and disruptive solutions creating great opportunities to some people on Microsoft.
All positive the best company to work for
Brand, Tech, perks , pride , fun place to work.
Smart people around, diversity and inclusive
Remote work, life-work balance, coaching programs
One of the best companies around, for a reason.
Pay, Perks and overall experience
Great company to work for, many opportunities and smart passionate people around
* Good managers * Good products to work for * Ease in switching teams to choice
good pay and talented colleague
Numerous opportunities to learn and grow professionally.
It was a great company to work for.
It sometimes feels like Microsoft is the only big player left that actually cares about people. It's a lot easier going than I hear from other companies.
Great opportunities to create a career for yourself, plenty of support and resources
Very good personal development plan with different kinds and difference sources of courses
Good pay & benefits package, good Work-life balance, some teams do very good work
Great place to work, Senior Team good
* good salary for a content management position * free breakfast every morning *subsidized lunch (inside the campus) * huge free parking lot * good location, next to a bus central station * ability to work from home
Excellent compensation/benefits, training opportunities, work/life balance, positive atmosphere, promotes internally, active in the community, excellent line of products and services.
Amazing benefits, a fun work environment, managers who want you to succeed and inquisitive colleagues.
Multiple training opportunities and open to international values
Good company with many products to be passionate about
Above-average salary, autonomy for performing work
Matrix organization, leading technology, many locations, benefits
Everything is amazing at microsoft
Facilities and perks and compensation
Culture, salary, intelligent people.  Best workplace in the Philippines. Love the growth mindset culture and the flexibility to work remotely wherever you’re comfortable.  You are empowered to do things your way. People see mistake or failure as an opportunity to learn. Fail fast, succeed fast.
Good opportunity good working hours understanding nature
The culture of the company is great as well as the diversity and inclusion policy and bet. The new ceo has shappen the culture all around the world and I believe is in the right path
Innovative, great technology, many opportunities for new roles.
Amazing grow opportunity. Some colleagues are great to work with. Rich resources for research. Office is very well build for collaborative work
lots of opportunities for work internally great benefits good-work life balance decent salary resources at fingertips
Good atmosphere and good people
Huge Data, Computing Resources,Smart People
very good work environmnt you gets to play many indoor and outdoor games
Excellent strategy to establish Microsoft as a market maker in the Cloud. True growth engines: O365, Azure, and upcoming IA Overall employee benefits You can get support from top management to get what is needed to win, if you have a good business case.
People, Mission, transformation & adoption power, the opportunity to develop yourself
- Brand name - Opportunity to interact with the core engineering team - Umpteen number of areas for learning and growing
Networking , Company Perks, Work environment, Diversity
high salary, comfortable hours, good supportive managers..
Hard working and dedicated people that focuses deeply on technologies.
Compensations, Benefits technology, people, Brand
Good strategy clear . Some nice people
pretty cool staff very friendly
Good and favorable working condition . More opportunity for learning and growth. Nice amount of salary.
Can learn new things,good environment
Learning and growth is great
We can use our operating system to synchronize with the clock cycles of the microprocessor which saves our idle time to interact with hardware and software. we can standardized our peripherals devices by using time shifting of pulse signals or by using sampling. we can also use electrical signals and mechanical signals in the form of pulses for synchronizing with different resources of computer which can be used to develop different softwares. propeller is essentially a rotating wing. As a result of their construction, the propeller blades are like airfoils and produce forces that create the thrust to pull, or push, the airplane through air. Database basically works with the operating system in which we place data using different routines.
Extreme encouragement provided to be updated on latest trends
Work from home, free breakfast, premium healthcare.
Freedom to chose working hours, lots of training, good campus, and environment
flexible . great environment for former employees
Flexi time schedule. It works same to the intern. Fair chances to network
Culture , values and cutting edge technologies
Nice perks, nice bosses
Great place to work at
Flexible work time Friendly environment Company on the up Overall positivity
Cares a lot about employee Very Friendly and Open culture
Nice perks, nice bosses
One of the best companies to work in terms of culture and benefits
carreer opportunites, great colleagues, team spirit, location, benefits, strategy, growth mindset, leading the digital transformation, amazing IT infrastructure, recognition, learning opportunities
You can dictate the pace of your progress
Lot of extra curricular activities Visit the US, all services provided by company
Working space, working at home, brand value
Employees, benefits, culture, solutions, technology
Modern workplace, compensation and benefits over average.
I work hard and smart where needed
top company good salary and transforming
I really believe that Microsoft is the front runner when it comes to diversity and global talent. I loved the fact that I could work together with people from a variety of background, jumping into a virtual meeting with people from all over the world, literally. There is loads of talent and I could really feel myself growing not only my role specific, but also interpersonal skills. Salaries are great and you get a lot of other benefits too such as stock options and bonuses. Most teams work also on very flexible terms, you can have home office, come or leave earlier when needed, as long as your work is done, noone cares. Plenty of career opportunities. Might not be the case in every org and team, but if you show just some proactivity and teachability, you can really grow your career a lot.
Microsoft has the 'new way of working' policy, which is great. Lots of resources available.
Good benefits. Pay is okay.
Technology, team culture and benefits
A player in IT industry, excellent senior leadership, high flexibility.
Good company and good work
Amazing company with amazing people and amazing projects. So many amazing things it simply amazes me that I even have to write about it.
Best in the people management.
Large corporation that allows skills to flourish
People, culture, pay and benefits
People, culture and benefit are great. very inspiring environment.
Good Learning Opportunity BEst working culture
Good work life balance Positive Environment
It is one of the software giants. Has very good name.
Microsoft is good environment for work
Excellent employee benefits e.g. for healthcare and good salary level overall as well.
Some freedom to set your own schedule. Seeing different environments and industry sectors is great experience
Good products and good salary
Dynamic and flexible work environment.
Great Benefits Package, Great people working there, Subsided Canteen, Free Parking, Gym,
Pay, Benefits, Facilities, People, Transport
Flexible working, great story around diversity, inclusion and culture, great products, and very clear mission/strategy, reasonable pay (in good year).
- Provide best tools to develop best soft and you will not end up spending time in fixing config and build issue. - Dev productivity -
Best employer with the best leadership and vision
Pioneer in Global Transformation of Next Gen technolgy
Aspire-to culture. All employees believe in the company mission.
Microsoft pride themselves on their inclusive environment, work life balance and they strive hard to achieve it. They usually succeed. The Shenzhen office lags a little behind Redmondbut is still a good environment.
The best managers and seniors.
Job Security and a fun place
great people - caring, supportive, collaborative, driven, smart, fun
Career opportunity, management style, work life balance
- Employee friendly - You get to work with technical experts in the domain - Smart and intelligent teams
Autonomy and flexible work options
Working with really smart people who readily share their great insights is a humbling experience where everyone is treated as equals by all employees
Work is good. Good Pay
Excellent benefits. Good work culture. Hyderabad is a very location.
Just a great company after all
Team, work culture, Benefits, Challenging work - no two days are the same
Every day is a challenging work environment.
Work Life balance is good Facilities are good Culture is good
You never stop learning, good people doing great things. You can read about the rest everywhere. Perfect place for international careers.
Just a great company after all
I was very proud to say I worked for Microsoft having been there 12 years in total working in 4 different roles. I got some good opportunities to move around and learn and worked with some great people. Apart from one role, there was great work life balance and benefits to keep you movited.
Its a great company to work for. You can really chase your passion here and have a sense of achievement
Great exposure to work with such organization
- Interacting with amazing professionals in their field - Great services and focus on caring for the employees
Scale of activity, modern marketing practices
1. Freedom to pursue your interest 2. Platform to make yourself heard in any discussion or meetings 3. Awesome work life balance 4. High salary
Work Life balance is good Facilities are good Culture is good
Culture, career opportunities,work life balance
Everything here is so good that you dont want to leave the job
Awesome company, good to join
Microsoft India - Some of the best benefits you get in India - Great people - very brilliant, professional and respectful
Global company living a strong transition from traditional software business to new focus on clound and Saas.
Great business, and the faith put in grads and interns gives them a fantastic start to their business career.
work culture is the best coding culture is good best locations
I Operated as technical adviser in the issues which include finance issues or accounting, stand up in the searching of each issue, and at last write a report in this financial or accounting side, The magistrate rules in the issue based on this report.
Industry leder, great vision and change culture
- Laid back - Good work/life balance
Great direction from team leads Great career support Motivating environment with smart people
Whatever people may say, this company is a reference in the IT industry. Working with very smart people on projects that may change the world, or in the least improve live for many people, big impact. Great offices and technological conditions to work. Big star on your cv. Very interesting benefits.
Good benefits package, great atmosphere, great culture
Stock options , culture , learning and growth opportunities
Challenge. Opportunity to develop and change roles every couple of years
flexible working hours, decent culture.
Good life work balance, care about employee
Great working environment plus the design of their office!!!
Good salary peoplle work environment
Good Pay Flexible Timings Growth Mindset Brilliant campus
Great learning opportunities. Very smart people. Good pay and benefits
Great learning opportunities. Very smart people. Good pay and benefits
Competitive environment, great people, being given responsibility
flexible and work life balance
- Inspiring direction from Satya - Tons of career mobility - Surrounded by really smart people
Great work life balance, fair interview process, great pay and benefits are pretty good. Diverse system
Big brand on C V
Great all over no such problems exist. Most beautiful campus ever . Total awe and beauty!
Great atmosphere Dental / sports benefits many career development options
Very intelligent and helpful colleagues. High saleries. Professionel development is High on the agenda. Great benefits. Always bonus pay. Lots of work flexibility. Inspiring company. Very nice business travel terms. Nice Office and coffee with a great working environment. I had a very good manager. Good cross departement collaboration. Inspiring director of the Danish Subsidiary.
Good salary, good work life balance
Intellectually challenging Beyond immediate remit, opportunities to drive efficiencies Friendly and collaborative environment Excellent learning resources and support SLT mindful of their responsibility to D&I
The company has a philanthropic nature. Very flexible work environment. Good benefits. Hugely successful company both historically and looking to the future.
Work with smart people. Work life balance.
Never a dull day. Fast paced, fail fast, growing and learning environment
Very good intern experience. Must join this company
Good work culture, adds Brand name in resume, Great facilities,
diverse environment, flexible, benefits, dynamic. company values are amongst the best
Good exposure to technology and domains, internal movement (ofcourse only if blessed by others support), comfortable salary packages.
Amazing company! Great culture and fantastic people. The career opportunities are endless.
Good work culture, compensation and benefits
One of the best work environment you can get Lot of learning opportunities. There is a growth year under which lot of trainings are provided
MS has a strong learning department.
Flexible , good opportunity for great trainings
Great culture Teamwork Atmosphere Food and beverage in office Benefits
Get to Represent Microsoft at College /Institution Conduct Workshops/Events Goodies from Microsoft Chance to attend Annual Summit Get to gain Knowledge about Microsoft Products free hand
Good work and work life balance
Senior role, flexible schedule, well compensated
The salaries and benefits are very competitive in the market. I also appreciate the flexibility to move between different teams and disciplines
Excellent work Environment. Nice and brilliant people
Good work experience for a software engineer as it is a purely software company.
enviornment good,explained major categories, very simple
Multicultural and diverse workspace that promotes employee growth and development
good culture, smart people , friendly environment.
People working there were really knowledgeable and were also helping
Strong corporate vision and refreshing cultural transition under the wings of Satya. Challenging roles with lots of empowerment as long as targets are met. Professional, smart and highly motivated colleagues. Lots of learning and development tools. New way of working fully embedded.
Big company that offers good life/work balance
Relaxed office, state of the art workstations
Good work life balance in this company
many pros are there to be in microsoft
Flexible job conditions and friendly working environment. Great learning opportunity. Very diverse environment. Good position in the market. Good benefits.
Flexible job conditions and friendly working environment. Great learning opportunity. Very diverse environment. Good position in the market. Good benefits.
Good salary, nice people, good few in house perks - cheap food, discounts on products etc.
Excellent work culture and growth opportunities.
Benefits, work environment and colleagues
good benefits, nice people, great working env.
Flexible working time Good salary comaring to market Diverse Open style of working, a lot of cross-division collaboration
Best place to work on the next best technological solution. Great products to learn and work with end users around the globe. Very strong culture of social giving and participation.
Top company in technology Cash rich Loads of smart people International presence
Lots of smart people (mainly in R&D), good benefits
1. Opportunities to work in incubation projects are ample. People have lot of ideas and leadership is enthusiastic about them. 2. Your ideas are valued much. Doesn't matter if you are just an entree. 3. Campus is really cool. 4. Benefits are good. A lot of flexibility like WFH and sabbaticals are provided. 5. Your feedback is treated with lot of seriousness.
Good pay, benefits, flexible working
good benefits, good culture, getting better every quarter
The type of work depends on the team. Some teams have flexible timings and some teams work day and night. Most of the products have great impact as they are used by lakhs of people. The work culture is really great. The growth can be really fast if you can produce great results. The campus is big and there are plenty of options like gym/games to do outside work hours.
Good forecast of their cloud strategies, as well as Azure, O365 and D365. Work life balance is pretty good.
-Work with smart people everyday -Great benefits -Ability to innovate, manage your work schedule/work from home -Great Brand on your CV opening up great opportunities -Solid company direction and products
Great vision for corp Great culture driven by Satya and senior management at corp Lots of energy
Work life balance, good career development. Great working culture and very open. Office is in good location. Great place to work if you are into technology.
Great flexibility, benefits, opportunity for travel
Very smart and creative people. Everything revolves around learning. Great work ethic and open mind thinking. A place for growth.
You can learn a lot about various technologies
You can learn a lot about various technologies
Flexibility, facilities, good location. Management allow you to schedule your own diary and plan your schedule.
- great culture and people - substantial benefits and perks - opportunity to travel
Flexible working atmosphere here especially snacks and drinks service.
Career growth, money perks, growth mentality
Some great and smart people working there Dynamic large company Good benefits Great training, particularly on soft skills
Opportunities for advancement in company
Huge opportunity for growth, they are very supportive of employees and genuinely care. The work is interesting and worthwhile.
Great culture. Good work ethics. Lots of friendly and helpful colleagues. Lots of reusable intellectual properties. Focus on best practices. Lots of training. Transparent and friendly environment.
Global company Cutting Edge in tech and innovation High salary
Amazing company to work for. Great feeling of pride. Employee benefits and events are second to none.
Flexibility, facilities, good location. Management allow you to schedule your own diary and plan your schedule.
Career growth, money perks, growth mentality
Great health and dental benefits you can buy into. Great perks when it comes to software.
Opportunities for advancement in company
Flexible timings, good benefits, friendly people
Currently a vendor however my FTE Manager is a true leader. Lead by example and gives us empowerment to make our own decision. Does not micro managed.
Great product innovation Inspiring CEO Practically all enterprises as customers
big name, big brand, monopoly, big brother, it's everywhere, it's the matrix: you can't do without it, sadly: it's kind of a new governement
only mental satisfaction that you are working with MS which has huge legacy and brand name. Which your friends and family members will be in aww.!!
High Salary, Good work Environment
As usual Brand name,Exposure to multiple technologies etc. But hardly you will get time to even think of getting your hands on exciting things happening in other divisions of MS.
Great company, Technology and innovation driven, Great work environment.
Fuel your Energy programs for work life balance allow you to be great at everything you need to be
Good flexible work time. The had good share scheme
Great Environment to work and unlimited food supply at subsidized rate
relax, city life, good environment
comfortable conditions, leisure activities, high salary, young and bustling atmosphere, talented and high quality people
Good compensation package and benefits.
Good place to work,nice environment
Good place to work,nice environment
Great facilities Space to learn and grow No gender discrimination Good salary Decent Stock options
large company that gives you the opportunity to acquire experience.
nice work life balance here
Great colleagues, great offices and amenities. Lots of projects to be involved in.
Interesting technologies, MSDN subscription, opportunity to develop soft skills
+Benefits +Office +People +bananas at 5 o'clock +traveling for fte staff (not vendors)
excellent culture, quality people to work with.
- Small office - Flexible working hours
Good work life balance in the company
Good work life balance in the company
Great people to work with
The amount of information and learning skills are very high
Great company, good benefits and fast paced.
Great business Outlook, culture of involvement within mission and between teams
Workplace facilities, travel oppurtunities, work time flexibility
Food, Culture, people, Work life balance
the benefits are very good
Is a very open and innovative IT company, diversity and equal opportunity for all. Training and use of IP is a very importamnt asset
- Innovative and challenge environment - Good Benefits and payment
Workplace facilities, travel oppurtunities, work time flexibility
Good salary, smart people if you are lucky with the team
- Nice benefits - people with high potential - Grow & learn from high potentials - trust worktime, time management and workplace
Great opportunities to advance within the company.
Great culture and good opportunities
great place to learn cutting edge technology
Benefits and compensation with good worklife balance
You will improve your communication skills
lot of exposure to technologies, smart people, flexible hours, great benefits
Good salary and work life balance
Good salary and work life balance
One of the best places to work.
This is a great company
deal with many customers and cultures
All Pros really, pay and benefit are one of the best in the market. The company rewards you for the impact you have and it gives you all the tools to do so.
good procedure is foloowed for internship
Good Product Coverage Good Salary Cool company
Nice work culture. Projects have scale of real dataset.
Good working environment and company culture, nice colleagues and managers. The salary and benefit is okay compared with local companies.
1. Full of learning resources 2. Overall working culture is good, most people are nice to work with
Great environment to work. The management team is always bringing new activities to promote teamwork and increase the communication and interaction between all employees. They provide weekly training hours (1 hour for part-time, 2 hours for full-time) so the employee can focus exclusively on learning. The growth mindset is always a priority, which is amazing. Good work/life balance and great benefits (when you're full-time).
deal with many customers and cultures
all pros go to FTEs as they have good some of benefits
The only thing - Brand
Best new technologies Client interaction is great Work life balance is awesome
Good opportunity for Mgmt Career
Constantly progressive and a work environment that promotes learning and growing.
there are value to work in a life time. once.
Great brand. Global Reach.
Good work culture in Hyderabad
Fantastic company to work for, with great benefits, career growth and exciting tasks.
very good salary and food
great people, work life balance, and challenges
Great work environment, meritocracy based
- Lots of amazing and qualified professionals working here. - Lots of structure and support for employees. - Loads of extra benefits. - Fairly good pay level
Smart people and very collaborative. Great opportunities for development and movement within the company. Executives have tremendous vision and ability to execute
Work environment and culture is good
Good technology, good products, good research
Large company but small teams, so you have lots of autonomy and freedom in your job, as long as you are competent and ambitious.
Strong technology company, Wide range of products, Exists in all the Enterprise market
Large company but small teams, so you have lots of autonomy and freedom in your job, as long as you are competent and ambitious.
The culture is amazing at Microsoft. Even at a retail level, the company takes care of it's employees extremely well. The perks of the job and the opportunities are unlike any other in retail. Definitely recommend working for Microsoft in any capacity.
Great Culture, Great Benefits, Extensive Collaboration, Lottsa of cash to invest in innovation, opportunities to gain greater experience and progress in one's career.
High salary, cloud approach is great
Great pay and benefits. Flexible work anywhere, anytime options. The Muppet ratio is generally lower. There parental leave policy of 20 weeks full time pay is also very generous.
Great place to work in
Good company to start career
Trusting management, flexible workload, great benefits
Microsoft provides all the support required for Business Development Activities, any meeting in any part of the world is well supported and financed.
Benefits excellent. Pension, health care stocks and bonus. Nice workplace etc.
Thank you for doing your part to keep Glassdoor the most trusted place to find a job and company you love.
Great company with the best people you will ever work with, smart, witty and caring. Great team ethic.
Top Strategy. Top Products. Great opportunity to be successful with clients. Fascinating outlook with acquisitions and more to come. Satya is an inspiring leader
Good compensation package, strong brand, very smart and motivated people, industry leader driving cloud adoption. Investing a lot in competence development and will challenge you to grow and develop. Fantastic for career development if you're in regional/global role.
Good learning experience, you might get a chance to work with excellent people
work life balance, Mature internal development tools.
best place to work it IT
Very good work life balance and work culture
Cutting edge technology and complex customers
Work on latest technologies. Better than average pay great environment
With the microsoft student partner program I learned a lot of things, it's a dynamic program where you have to study and achive to complete the task which change every year. Very well structured.
- good benefit - the starting pay is high compared with other jobs in Taiwan - business travel opportunities
have access to all sorts of training materials and products, big team, good benefits,
Great exposure & Flexible work schedule
Smart colleagues, good campus, good benefits.
Great products and solutions.
Great energy and positive atmosphere
Great management....good leadership...great future outlook
Work with smart people, always learning, work life balance, opportunities for growth and development.
World class products and people that build them. Flexible work environment. Great company culture and a company that cares about it's employees, customers and consumers.
Excellent company to work for
Cool culture. Nice office location. Good work life balance.
Very good conditions, A lot of brilliant people
The team allowed independence and flexibility. The learning curve was steep.
Good community , Socialisation , Careness
good salary and women there i love
awesome work culture, competitiveness, be on your toes all the time
Professional development, training programs, great benefits, career plan, great infraestructure
Microsoft is one of the great companies to learn and feel new technology trend and competitive landscape in software industry.
Exciting strategy, Fair pay and benefits, Share Options
Good salary. Good benefits. Good work culture
Great environment, good employment conditions, training and personal development, good level of responsibility & autonomy, great innovative environment and strong positive culture.
Good quality of people, nive environment, great conditions, proud to represent Microsoft
good work life balance and equal opportunity, support cont educ to meet job req
Professional development, career opportunities, benefits
Good environment and intelligent people. Excellent campus.
it was the best job ever. moderate working hours.
Great future, direction and strategy Satya has been able to turn around the perception of Microsoft Innovation is back and Google and Apple look like laggards
Great "challenging" culture with extremely talented peers and colleagues. You will be pushed to perform the best that you can. Work life balance options are excellent with working from anywhere very common.
- Great perks, friendly people.  Not a pro, but something to consider for new employees:  - Expect people to want something from you, pretend that you don't, and you should be fine short-term at this job  - For long term, really think about what your niche is, and try to brand yourself to fulfill that niche.
1.High Salary 2. Focus on Cloud 3. Investing in Cloud
perks, insurance, facilities, options within company to work on a different tech\area
new products, customer momentum, culture and very smart helpful people around you benefits - room to grow
Best place to work in good environment Good Pay
Smart people, good facilities, mostly informal
Supportive culture, flexible work hours, lots of opportunity and a well known brand. Pay is a step up from similar jobs in Australia.
Virtual workplace Lots of talented and dynamic people Great compensation Amazing products Visionary Leadership
Great company to work for
Cutting edge technology and new products by the bucket
you can work with great colleges, pay and benefit is competitive, people are very kind and nice to work with
If you really want to impact peoples daily life in a positive way, this is the best place to be
Supportive culture, flexible work hours, lots of opportunity and a well known brand. Pay is a step up from similar jobs in Australia.
Great Team to work with Easygoing attitude Room to grow both technical and leadership career progression paths, can choose either
you can work with great colleges, pay and benefit is competitive, people are very kind and nice to work with
Motivating environment that's highly transformative and focused on the bigger picture. You get to work on amazing and developing products and services.
The company is very diversified
Innovation, Cloud, Reliability, Benefits, Support to New Gruaduates
Benefits are good - at least from a communications major perspective
Warm people Good culture Learn a lot at the beginning of the role
Great place, laid out culture to work with
Great place, laid out culture to work with
Going fast fwd with a great leader!
Good food and smart people
Good knowledgeable teams, engineers and PMs Good benefits Decent pay
Company has flexible work culture. You can prioritize the work and execute it.
If you love to innovate and are passionate about technology, you will love Microsoft. The pay, perks and work environment are superb.
Great learning experience on the latest technologies.
Great Place to Work with amazing projects and learnings
Flawless benefits for Health, transport, food, and comfort
Great brand. Benefits in Asia is comparable to any other Multinational, so it is good.
Great Hyderabad office, Good fitness and healthcare benefits. Huge amount of resources to learn from. Good maternity, paternity and Critical illness for family leave policies.
Great brand. Benefits in Asia is comparable to any other Multinational, so it is good.
-great people! -great hr! - great campuses!
Stable and lots to learn
people. customer exposure. foreign language skill development. some internal training. deep technical exposure. very good processes and templates for customer interaction
Brand name, great health care and benefits, competitive salary. Depending on role, opportunity to travel and expand networking. No restrictions on learning and self growth. great place to work on cutting edge tech. Opportunity to work with some of the most brilliant minds in the industry.
Working for Business Oil has given me the opportunity to be free to make my decisions. The most important point for me is to work ethically and fast.
work life balance work life balance work life balance work life balance
. Professionalism . Strategic Vision . Commitment to Society . Challenging Projects . Strong Leadership
Great company to work for. Constant learning . Glad to be part of it
One of the best places to work for with great work life balance.
interesting projects, good high level leadership,
Stable Environment Work aligned with company strategy Lots of learning opportunities
It was a great experience to work in microsoft.
Compensation Plan (Brazil) Benefits Training Flexibility Career Opportunities
flexible, working anywhere and anything,
Good community, salary, high technology
innovative technology and software company, modern place to work with freedom how to organize yourself, international environment
1. If you love tech, this is a great place. No doubt you'll talk tech (mostly the MSFT stack) from enterprise to consumer - from PCs to phones to Xboxes - from datacenter to desktop. 2. What were GREAT benefits are now VERY GOOD (took a small step down) but still probably better than you'll find at 99% of large corporations. If you've got family - the value of the benefits is even higher. 401k match is …
1. Best in class technologies 2. Ample opportunities of learning 3. Free Cab & drinks 4. Heaven if you are a college hire
Good community, salary, high technology
One of the best technology companies to work for, good pay, good benefits and great environment to grow and learn,
Great work environment enabling good work-life balance, very challenging projects and customers. Benefits are good comparing to the competition.
I have a good leadership quality. And with Microsoft no need to give any reason. It's insulting.
Great environment to work in
best technology, good culture, a good place to work.
Subsidized food. WFH and flexy timming. Leaves. Infinite resources to learn tech. Games and activities. Awesome campus.
Full of bright people. huge structure, limitless possibilities and open mind.
perks and salary. globally best working environment
1. Good learning environment 2. Good Salary 3. Good Management 4. Ample opportunities 5. Great Extra Curricular activities
Very good place to work
very good package and good balance
Growth mind set, open minded employees, great employees
Great place to kick start your career
Great company, great benefits, working conditions, perks, job challenge, latest technology
Benefits Variety of business Opportunities within the business
quality people, good facilities, nice boss
Nice salary Awesome work culture Lots of benefits ( apart from salary like medical cover, allowances) Lots of paid leaves ( 20 EL +12 sick + all other categories like marriage, paternity, family care, maternity etc.) Work from home Free Microsoft softwares Infinite learning opportunities Flexiblility in work Shift allowances Team outings ( every quarter) Brand (obviously, it is Microsoft)
Good benefits. Good projects. New road map after Saya Nadella has had a remarkable turn around in fortunes and share prices reflect the same.
Great time to be at Microsoft, the company is finally moving away from selling traditional on-prem licensed software to ITDM's, and moving into selling business outcome based solutions in the cloud. Very exciting time as the company pivots on it's customers rather than it's products. The company truly values it's employees and wants to make a difference all over the world. Although we exist to make a profit by helping our big enterprise customers solve their real problems, the profit we make from that is to support the end result of helping others, lots of charity work being done.
Excellent learning opportunities. Good place to work and enjoy at same time.
Challenging, growing opportunities, great culture
everything was good and company culture is the king.
Great Environment and team to work with and great culture. Endless oppornuities and good management to work with
Flexible working hours Great team
- Working with smart people - Good work/life balance - Microsoft Vancouver full of young people
Outstanding technological exposure. Only a handful employers offer the production environment of a comparable size. Competitive salaries and beniefits.
It was a huge platform to exhibit communication skills.
Big company with huge portfolio
Dynamic environment High customer engagement Great tech leadership
Very good place to learn and enjoy and close good business
Challenging and learning environment, you will learn a lot and meet lovely people. They do believe in their values
Dynamic environment High customer engagement Great tech leadership
Good people, good company, and good products. Not a lot of pressure and is very good if your a student. I would recommend this job to anyone :)
- Better than average pay - Great caf with subsidized food - Competitive environment and working with the best people our there
Very exciting work and lots fun of events for employees.
Culture, People, Innovation, Flexible working practice, Accountability at all levels
Work life balance is second to nonr
good atmosphere, perks, perks, perks
Corporate culture, strong ethic, driven by innovation, solid strategy, great top management
Flexibility with hours, culture is good, positive work environment and hands on with the latest and greatest tech
* Microsoft continues to be a leader, so you're always working with the latest technology & products. * Access to a wide range of technical content and self-learning offerings. * You're working with lots of smart, passionate and enthusiastic people. * Great benefits package - salary is just average market rate, but lots of extras add up and make it very good (stock purchase program, health insurance, mobile phone plan, incentive bonuses). * Exposure to varied industries. * Yearly trips to Seattle to participate in technical events gets you energized about the company's future direction and allows you to build relationships with product teams.
Good culture and understanding management
Great team of people Good training programmes
great company to work for
MSIDC is getting good projects these days
Fast paced company, good place to work to build your career path
- Investing to the development of New Technologies - Teams are having a Lots of positive entropy
A lot of challenges and complexity in the job. Good learning and growth opportunity. Microsoft pays a lot of attention to work life balance. Great working place for mothers!
Benefits,flexibility,compan's growth and reputation are improving,you learn a lot,fast paced and complex environment
Growth, Trainings and compensation, good employee Morales, excellent packages and much more
Good training/coaching provided Nice office with lots of snacks and drinks Great people OK to wear jeans Pay is good
A large company that works like a startup. Very employee friendly. After Satya took over as CEO, it is also fast in innovating and inclusive in approach.
Fantastic supportive working culture. Exciting time to be at Microsoft - constantly changing. Great variety in customers and products to work with, given Microsofts giant portfolio. Every deal was different. Lots of room to work independently and with flexible hours. Fantastic training opportunities and other benefits. Good pay.
Israel's GDC is flourishing, there are amazing projects to contribute to, and there are tons of extremely capable people. I would highly recommend considering Microsoft as your employer.
Benefits, Education, Access to information and technology
- Highly entrepreneurial - CEO rocks with innoivative ideas - Work/life balance/ work from home - Respectful and smart people
Nice people, great cloud products
Working with the newest technology and trends. Workplace is very nice and it's nice to work with very talented people.
Great salary it really motivates people to being the best and working in this company
Brilliant leadership and clear goals/target and priority for all
Nice place to work, offers growth opportunities
Work Culture and work life balance
Good experience overall and very good pay.
Provides amazing opportunities to grow. Challenging and Rewarding.
Ticket Launch High wage compared to other internship
Good salary exciting work part of organization
Benefits(e.g. stocks and bonus). Campus Work culture and People
Outstanding reputation for a global company
Microsoft is now transforming with AI and Cloud focus.
Good salary exciting work part of organization
Outstanding reputation for a global company
Good exposure to the technology and digital transformation
Free food, work from home option.
benefits, management, opportunity, pension, gym, health insurance
Microsoft is a huge company with really good infrastructure and conducive environment.
Global company, lots of flexibility in the working times to allow a better work life balance.
Work culture, good learning platform, good pay
Attractive pay, insurance and facilities
good perks, proper work life balance. Flexible working hours, decent pay. Comapany cares for you. Organizes everything fpr you from commute to Health and fitness. Food is subsidized. Snacks are free.
Nice and smart people helping each other
Good work and office environment, and good work life balance. Salary is above average
- very flexible with work patterns (at least in UK), if there is no need for you to be in the office you can work from home - you learn a lot, the company is so big you never end up knowing everything and everyone - most people are very smart - there are many globally offices so you can always move internally within the company
have a lot of benifits
It's just great to be working there
Awesome office in downtown Vancouver just a couple of minutes walk from the seawall. Interesting people from all over the world.
Friendly environment Great team work within colleagues Bonus twice a year
Working with Microsoft Bangalore. Here the office is vibrant, food is awesome, facilities are quite good. The management is nice and approachable. Peers are quite smart and friendly.
- Work from wherever you want - Results oriented
Service oriented culture leads to chaos and higher level of interaction.
Service oriented culture leads to chaos and higher level of interaction.
Fantastic Organization to work for
Too good company with a great work culture. Nice campus at Hyderabad and Redmond.
Good Learning Good Pay Good Work Culture
You are empowered to do anything you can think of. All products are already in good momentum.
Nice offices, great people would recommend
flexibility, autonomy, people, projects, stakeholders
- Comprehensive Benefits - Good Work/Life Balance
Young and dynamic team. Fast paced work and nice environment. If I had to choose again I would choose same place to work at.
Above average pay with good bonus and other compensations
good company culture and value
Out of all the major tech companies, Microsoft may be known for paying the lowest salary, but they also have the best work/life balance expectations. The culture is greatly geared toward mentoring and growing their employees, or at least that was the experience on my team. I loved the people there and the support I received would be the major reason I would ever return.
amazing and creative working environment
Full Time Employee should expect industry competitive compensation however there is a yawning chasm between their package and that of contract staff. Technological insights are shared and made available for all those willing to develop themselves via the company inttanet and company driven trainings are standard for Full Time Employees and taken very seriously.
Name Value and having lots of cash
Microsoft is one of the best company I've worked for and really love it.
the environment is not bad
innovation, transformation, agility, global, fast
That good company not a bad one
Great place to work out. Perfect job while in school
CEO is awesome and has a great set of values Some good people Good development IF you get the right Manager
Great working environment and opportunities
Good team, new experience and apportunity
Company culture, Mobility, Diverse cultures, Good canteen food
1. Employee Benefits. 2. Learning opportunities 3. Training and Development
very open minded culture, a lot of work, but I can bring in My style.
Flexibility and world class benefits
Working Environment, career opportunity and experiences
The culture is a pretty inviting one. There are monthly employee events to boost morale. Plus, you get free drinks and snacks which is unheard of at the retail level.  The health and dental benefits package is a pretty good one which also includes a fitness reimbursement for things like a gym membership or gym equipment.
international environment, flexibility and great team spirit
Personal Development, Attractive compensation, Culture
Salary as per market standard Good infrastructure
great technology to sell, with nice updates and feature additions all the time. You will learn alot and alot of internal tools and talent to share knowledge.
good work and good compensation.
People, exciting projects and software. Ability to approach and talk to anyone in the business​
good technology benefits intelligent people around
I'd recommend Microsoft to potential employees, pay is below industrial average compared to other IT organisations but you do get a great deal of freedom in terms of flexibility of working from the office, customer location or home which I would not want to give up. Benefits beyond pay such as pension, life insurance policies and car allowance are significant. If you are good at politically managing your career you can excel rapidly. Company is always doing interesting things with technology.
It is very customer oriented company
Fascinating place, many interesting projects, atmosphere of a startup with budgets and conditions of a corporate
Great diversity in the workplace
Work life balance and compensation is the game changer on this company
flexible working hours, good place to work.
Great place to work in.
It looks good on your CV.  You will have access to people who are extremely knowledgeable (e.g.: you can talk to members of the product team, directly or indirectly)  The salary and the benefits are pretty solid.
Flexible working - Open & encouraging environment - Great culture
Benefits, Work life Balance, Get to work on the latest and the best of the industry
Work life balance, salary
Great flexibility with ability to work from home when needed. Great opportunity to move around the company Very fast paced - always a challenge to overcome which keeps things interesting.
Microsoft is a great company except gulf region. Recently gulf management quality has impacted a lot by wrong and inexperienced managers in charge
Great Technology and solution, Digital transformation is right
Global Impact via products. Brand Name. Good compensation and work life balance
Very good company to work
Good salary, good people. Respected brand
People, amazing culture and pretty nice and motivating offices. Jobs opportunities within the company (career guide), self-development process. Good balance between personal and professional life.
Work with hard-working, smart people. Fair compensation, opportunity to grow.
Smart people, Innovative solutions, and Global reach
good, perfect, excellent, well done
Nice place to work, nice people, great work.
Inspiring company vision, good infrastructure support
Great Benefits and Compensation, open door policy, and the opportunity to be part of one of the most innovative companies in the world.
It's a profestinal envirenment and I like using my creativity at work.
Changed culture that truly rewards intra-preneurship and getting what is best for the customer (no longer Microsoft only)
if you like technology, this is a great place to be. You are very up to date to the last tech news, you learn very quickly the tech part.
Open minded Great strategy Excellent senior leadership team Great work life balance
You can work with nice and smart people. A lot of opportunities to work in different teams.
Great people, nice variety in projects, great work-life balance
learning, scale, people and reach are fantastic
Empowered to take decisions. You have access to all the latest technologies. Encouraged to use new components like cloud,machine learning
Great culture with so many opportunities to progress or even move around to other divisions, learn and be mentored. Some roles have good flexible working hours and they promote good work life balance. If you enjoy the social side of the workplace and work life balance is your motivator for job choice then this is a great place for you
great company to start your career. Learn a lot from the peers and projects.
love this company and its heading to the right direction
Global presence Great exposure career development
Good work flexibility, compensation and opportunity
Great facilities, trainings, career advise and mentoring
every thing was pretty good
Great products Great brand Smart people Salaries
Work environment, high caliber of colleagues, learning is constant, and the job doesn't get boring. Progression isn't just possible it's encouraged by your manager.
You work with smart people and it is a fast paced and dynamic environment.
Great Company to work !
Innovative people doing awesome work Helping each other to make best out of it
Good work atmosphere, competitive income , working with many teams , can transfer to other departments , nice campus , lot of events organized such as volunteer work
Work life balance, quality teams
RSUs are handy to hang onto
As the name suggests Microsoft is the most awesome place to work especially as an intern
Decent Pay and environment in the organization
Good work life balance and relatively higher payment rather than other industry. Company invests huge money to educate people and people are basically smart in most of cases. For these a few years, product strategy is getting better so that people can expect new S curve.
Only Facilities(just food and transport)
amazing people .really passionate about technology
Flexible working is encouraged at MS
- Good salary - Working from home - Latest Technology
great place to work, high recognition process, well established review process, high benefits,
# Experienced and Talented team # Great Mentorship # Awesome perks # Travel/food/accommodation - free for interns !!! # Great office space - plethora of amenities # Snacks/fruits/beverages stocked everywhere
Relaxed environment Easy to get days off
Great culture, with incentives for non stop learning. Work perks and monetary benefits are so great I am afraid to leave and find that other companies would fail to meet my expectation.
great benefits, teams, lots of innovation and cool projects to work on. Good team spirit and huge opportunities as can move within.
This is for Microsoft Research Cambridge. Great experience, very well managed internship with a fantastic HR department. Lots of flexibility with work with plenty of fun events and help from managers.
The team surrounding you is full of qualified, ambitious people who want to get the job done.
Fantastic culture, really great smart people, very experienced and forward thinking management
Good package overall - they have a system to pick and choose your benefits every December like life assurance, critical illness, cycle to work scheme, pension contributions, child care vouchers etc. Bonuses given in September, but not as good as they used to be / Employee purchase / Opt into Share Scheme. Salaries above average. Cloud technology and Azure the key focus right now. Satya, our CEO is driving the company in the right direction. Good working environment at the Reading Offices.
Good package Get opportunity to work on good technologies.
Facilities and nothing else. DO NOT FALL PREY TO FREE STUFF PROVIDED!
Open minded people, opportunity to learn
Good package overall - they have a system to pick and choose your benefits every December like life assurance, critical illness, cycle to work scheme, pension contributions, child care vouchers etc. Bonuses given in September, but not as good as they used to be / Employee purchase / Opt into Share Scheme. Salaries above average. Cloud technology and Azure the key focus right now. Satya, our CEO is driving the company in the right direction. Good working environment at the Reading Offices.
most of the time your peers are nice
Campus Some talented people Some large scale projects New learnings No swipe in and swipe out. Free meal coupon Better infrastructure.
The company is very progressive and takes work life balance and employee feedback seriously. Coworkers are always willing to give help, feedback and advice. Base compensation and benefits are competitive. It's currently in a transformative state but with keen vision and goals that will make it a leader in the industry again. Great time to be working at the Microsoft.
work life balance, leaned a lot
Dynamic Organisation. Lots of Opportunities (bcos of constant reorg) Values individual voices but may not truly act on feedback
It's Microsoft what else is there to say
Nice benefits and work life balance
Great opportunities to learn and grow.
Company strategy is excellent. Broad set of products and services. Internal movements are possible
Gives you a lot of flexibility to work and explore various ways of operating.
Industry, products and processes, opportunities, networking
Good place to work and do research
The Company has an amazing vision about utilizing data, both big and small and is one of the few in the world that can actually realize that vision.
- Working with very smart and nice colleagues - Good work-life balance and great salary and benefits - Contribute to software that is globally used is exciting and rewarding - Continued progress to standardize on technology, use Open Source and publicly available software - Inspiring CEO talks
Good Work, Challenges, open culture
Good Culture at Microsoft. People focused
Excellent opportunity and benefits, compensation
great environment to work in
good benefits, good work life balance
Work life balance, decent pay
Fantastic place to learn and grow.
Smart folks, great pay and benefits, was on a fun team, be part of a company that has helped define the industry, company seems to be on an upswing with Ballmer gone
friendly environment, interesting projects, great management
Great colleagues and a good environment to work. A really good culture and the company value are strong. The renewed focus on Cloud is the right direction the company should be taking. The Surface range of products is also very good. Excellent Senior leadership (at last!). Would like to see decent dividend payout as a shareholder.
Good benefits Maternity leave and sick leave
Lots of smart people, lots to learn
employee caring and progressive culture. good values.
Lovely environment Job is not too dull Management is good
Good perks, good trainings and opportunities to change your role
- Great degree of responsibility - Exposure to the business - Competitive salary & benefits
A proper IT company with great learnings to offer across enterprise sales, account management etc.
If the job really matches your passions and abilities and you are truly bright and capable, Microsoft Netherlands is one of the best employers you can find: - Attractive employment conditions like salary, stock options, bonus, car, etc. - The New World of Work: Unlimited freedom to work at each moment from wherever you like: home, office, customer site. This works as long as you provide results, i.e. meet and exceed your targets. When not you will be asked to leave - which is fair as freedom and perks bring responsibilities. - Very motivated and bright colleagues (nearly everyone), also genuinely helpful and well-meaning - Managers (in the country organization) are cool and capable - You have the opportunity to be active, connect with everyone else in the company (like the product groups), do interesting stuff, innovate, start initiatives and be supported in that. - You have the tools to develop your career further, study and move to new areas. - You have a lot of flexibility to do your work as you find best. No hard prescriptions, processes etc. The price you pay? You need to get results (which again is a fair deal). - Last but not least - a truly interesting work where you can truly excel and even innovate
Well, we got free soda.
Great Brand, Salary and work environment
The company culture is good.
Good work environment. Totally up to employee how he wants to manage the time and do his work. Nice benefits and perks.
- Very good benefits - Smart people to work with
good culture and benefit, people development
Flexible working to suit family life
I really love working for Microsoft. There is a lot of professional growth. Moreover I really love the work balance. I enjoy continuous training.
I have been working for more than two years now. There is good work life balance in Microsoft. So I would recommend working here
Excellent work environment , perks, salary
Good pay and Challenge job
Good benefits and flexible working but very competitive and often too fast paced leading to full on burn out
Work life balance, inconclusive. creative
Cutting edge technology Impact on millions A lot of opportunities to work in diverse challenges
It was a good working environment
Great company to work. Process and procedures well defined. Vision for cloud is loud and clear.
Great workplace, team work, challenging
Cutting edge technology Impact on millions A lot of opportunities to work in diverse challenges
extra benefits depending where you are located Many learning options the name makes you proud
Smart people. Respectful culture. Good work / life balance. Solving tough technical problems
Perks + Benefits and nothing else
-Good work life balance (on most but not all teams) -Interesting projects -Good salary -Large % of compensation is in cash (not bonuses, "free" things, etc) so you control what you want to do with it
good salary great motivation innovation
salary food life brand quality
Great benefits Great workplace environment Work from home option (for some folks) Diverse workplace
Competitive salary, great people, great experience
work life balance is ok
company takes care of their people. Reasonable working hours, opportunity to work from home.
great place to work in sales but promotion opportunity rare
Great place to work Company helps you to have a flexible life-style Provides many learning opportunities Invests in employee development
Great future with right bet on Cloud
Good company to start your career, obviously brand matters.
Salary Betting on the right horses right now (2016/17: Azure, Enterprise environment, AI)
Good to increase your CV attractiveness (Microsoft is highly regarded in IT employers) Compensation Package
Good products, very innovative. Azure winning. Really transforming businesses
A lot of emphasis and investment on cloud & open source is conducted by Microsoft. There are so many opportunities to contribute to that meaningful transformation to embrace open source community while committing to steady growth in cloud market. This is a really new start!
Good to increase your CV attractiveness (Microsoft is highly regarded in IT employers) Compensation Package
A very good company to work with and has the best environment. I have learnt a lot from there.
Friendly working environment, Provides opportunity to grow, a place where equality and fairness is valued.
Flexible work hours, great medical benefits, stable environment, decent salaries (relative to peers/competitors). The brand name can help with furture employment. Cost of living in the Greater Seattle area are reasonable.
Great benefits - for FTEs - and good pay. Lots of smart people who know Microsoft has its work cut out to change perceptions after a decade of resting on its laurels under Ballmer. Environment improving after years of toxic stack-ranking that discouraged collaboration.
+ Total compensation package is top 10 in each market world wide + Shift in corporate culture towards "open mindset" and strong executive leadership + Strong culture of empowerment and trust towards employees and teams + Ability to learn and be exposed to new technologies, work with the largest Partner eco-system and Global customers
Flexible working practices. Healthy attitudes.
Flexibility, independency, good work-life balance.
Great company, Good working environment, You can develop your entire career until retire at MS
You can make big impact to software used by billions of people.
Competitive environment good exposure good training cab fee is minimum free food
I worked there for many years and during that time had many different roles. If you wanted to change to a different function, it was my experience that, as long as you worked hard and proved you could do it, you were given an equal opportunity at interview to other candidates already experienced in the field.
great work environment, great products, relatively flat hierarchy, can do mentality, good pay, good work-life balance.
Great portfolio of products and services to present, educate customers about them and find different way of usage to boost the sales.
Good company overall decent pay all hires were new all new hires were tall
Amazing pay, amazing benefits, many learning opportunities via training and on-the-job experiences, work with really smart people, fast paced.
meet and work with incredibly skilled and passionate people technical level is very high and you can learn a lot from your colleagues you discover how to outperform yourself... at levels you couldn't even imagine. many tech and non tech trainings (soft skills) good salary, correct healthcare, company car if applicable to the job
Great innovative company, interesting team, amazing atmosphere.
great possibilities of work/life balance, career development and personal growth, being part of Microsoft certainly gives great perspective about innovation and digital transformation
Appealing working environment, pay and benefits. Job is fun and a lot of opportunity to define your role. Senior management provides a lot of opportunity to grow for those who wish to travel to positions globally. Very flat organisation with access to senior management. Excellent training in government affairs for those looking to get into the field.
Well known brand, rich&large company, not bad salary, good social compensation, comfortable office, possibility of professional training, work at a modern company
nice people, good environment, fair salary.
Work life balance, internal IT, cutting edge, company direction, good renumeration
state of art office, free food, entertainment, corporate culture
Good Salary and Good Incentive
Great culture, supportive, work life balance
Multicultural environment offering much to learn, travel, intercultural experiences. Great people with whom you can do knowledge sharing and work close as a time.
- reasonably flexible graphic: I could show up at 11 if I notified my manager (say, If I had a doctor's appointment). Couldn't leave earlier than 8 pm, usually, no matter if I came in at 9 am or 11. And of course my work was 100% online, so not clear why I was needed to be physically present at all, but for Ukraine even this kind of flexibility is amazing, especially for a corporation, - prestigious entry to add to your CV, - very nice people to work with, I've worked in two capacities, two different departments, both times my managers were very nice and adequate people, which, again, is a treat for a corporation, - salary, as far as Ukraine goes, is good, but still pitiful when you think of it, or compare to other corps or other subs, - global perspective on a lot of technology trends, - opportunity for career growth, when the times are alright (gets worse when the crises strike, but as soon as the country is doing better in general, they do try to help the employees grow), - a lot of veterans are around (people working in the company for 10+ years), - good location of the office,  In short, it has a lot of the pros of Microsoft, but also most of the cons of Ukraine and corporation itself.
Great pay and great benefits
Great pay and great benefits
-learning a lot of neat things with latest Microsoft technologies/frameworks -great work environment, people are friendly (from the office I was working in) -cafeteria (not free though)
The company has a great work life balance. Good pay, Great range of product to work on and great people
Diversity driven with process in place
Great environment and loads of growth and visibility.
working with new technologies, breadth scope on customer experience/sales. Good secondary conditions. I truly believe in the change Microsoft is trying to bring to their customer, and it's always felt good to work here. However, you do it more for the cause than the pay.
1. Exciting products to work on 2. Use of the latest .NET technologies 3. Work with top level people
- Access to an ocean of learning resources - Huge nice campus - Medical benefits are the best in India - If you are part of MS IDC team in India then your career shines like anything
Great work from home. Work life balance. Opportunity to grow in different roles. Managers are approachable and help as much as they can.
great environment and people. One of the best company to work for.
Full benefits for part-time employees.
High caliber - Some of the smartest and approachable people in the industry Scale - Ability to drive multi million user and $ businesses, globally Pay & flexibility - you drive your schedule, get to travel and have great benefits
Awesome place to work in
enjoyed the coworkers and working with many different and diverse group of people. management had their good and bad days
Meet with great people. But you dont feel as important to the team
flexible working environment, advised to everyone!
Great work culture, people managers, freedom to choose work areas
benefits, work life balance, trainings
Pretty decent place to work. Technically competent people in most places. Though I have seen my share of people who can't even install Windows by themselves in IT.
Salary, lots of nice people most not in a position of power. The company does have some great ideas at a senior level just not translated by middle management.
Nice office, Flexible working time, Good benefits overall (health insurance, snacks & drinks, etc.), Friendly working environment,
Big company filled with skilled software engineers, designers, and product/project managers. Massive amount of resources.
Awesome place to work in
The company has a great environment
Famous company Great kudos on your CV Excellent work/life balance Friendly culture
future thinkers, investors, developers and innovators
Autonomy, flexibility to work remotely and from anywhere.
Good vision and excellent position in various IT market segments. Plenty of opportunities to grow personally and professionally
good perks (costly mobiles and tablets) good work life balance obviously the brand value.. you get a lot of discounts on market.. feels good
Innovation, standing, creativity, growth, curiosity
Great company to work with ... focus on customer and partners and provide right support to employees. Smart people across various teams.
Every thing is great. salary - Position - Boss
Great environment, very flexible working time.
great learning and great team!
Well facilitated working environment. Good balance between work and rest
Many : strong emphasis on work/life balance, challenging projects, great teams
Flexible work times, great team, great perks
Culture is great, family friendly, work environment is very healthy - no blame culture, Microsoft brand opens doors with customers
Culture is very good. Helpful people
Good salary and great environment , there are so many challenges, for what, a person can really improve himself and earn a future.
Many : strong emphasis on work/life balance, challenging projects, great teams
You have access to important educational resources and people near you can inspire and elevate you ambitions
Manage your own time, work from home, amazing company, benefits and colleagues.
Talented people, perks, brand name, work atmosphere and culture
great people, good working environment and brand recognition
Benefits are good, flexible working hours can be arranged with manager, great and smart working colleagues
Work life Balance, amazing career opportunities, challenging environment
big platform which is full of smart people good benefits
It has a good environment, nice place to work. Also it is a big company, with a lot of products and technologies, so you have the chance to interact with other groups.
Microsoft is people friendly company, too many opportunities available and one can choose based on his/her career aspirations. Performance assessment is very well documented and doesn't rely just on your immediate manager.
Great flexibility working at Microsoft. Work Life balance is very good, however you do have to be prepared to take calls into the evening time when the Seattle team comes online.
Many are there. Good Company to work
Good salary and benefits. Leader in IT. flexibility. free to work from home.
Good salary, good benefits, engaged people working around, Nice place to learn about new trends and technologies.
Good to work for nothing wrong with it
Benefits, work culture, awesome campus, career opportunities, breadth of technology
Good compensation and stock options. Used to be a great place to work but not anymore
Pay, bonus, benefits Great colleagues Inspiring products & services
- Amazing perks - Gamified performance - Great company values and culture - Very smart colleagues - Massive company, many scopes to learn from - Amazing legacy of Bill Gates
Great work/life balance. Great benefits. Great work and team.
I am working at Microsoft India for 7+ years. -- Great team. -- You have opportunity to work in different positions, for different orgs with MS, which gives you all round experience. -- Good salaries and perks.
Excellent opportunities for advance.
Very high learning on the Job, Competing benefits, Amazing Campus, Stimulating work environment
it is very good job
I am proud to work for this company, there are many opportunity to change and have different path during your career
Excellent perks, new building on the way and facilities will be fantastic. Working with smart people. Best team to work for if you want to go further in your career are Azure, Bing, Operations and Inside Sales.
Great company, great products, talented and smart people to work and collaborate with
Great Place to work You learn a lot
Great culture in a transforming organisaton with a world class CEO. Great pay, good working environment and highly flexible workstyle that strongly supports working from home. Very little internal overt politics and colleauges are generally very reasonable with each other.
Energizing, smart people, fair compensation
Great office perks, good salary, homeworking encouraged
It is a great company, good salaries and benefits and very clever people. Worldwide presence and great opportunities for moving around organizations and countries. Satya is a great leader, inspirational
Almost no extra work after working hours
it was a really great experience overall the office was comfortable the people were friendly
Good company, processes, people, products.
No pros for being work there, you are not rewarded for any of your work.
innovative, diverse, creative, humble, passionate, very self critical, undergoing a huge transformation, with a new excellent new culture and tremendous leader. Microsoft is doing the right thing both for the customers and the company, to a leaner, smarter, agile customer obsessed.
People are passionate with the technology developed by the company and are very committed to the brand.
Honestly, almost everything is perfect so far. :) Microsoft does indeed tend to take care of every employee.
Awesome company to join If you have interest in software field
very good company worth working for
Great Processes, Strong Technology Vision at Redmond
Honestly, almost everything is perfect so far. :) Microsoft does indeed tend to take care of every employee.
Awesome company to join If you have interest in software field
Very great environment, everyone is very supportive. Definetely should work here one day!
Very good company to work for. Flexibility, understanding and big on career developments.
Field work was fun, getting creative and generating new ideas and team-work.
Flexible workstyle and compensation that is competitive
-Flexibility for good work life balance -Chance to work on new technologies -Get to work with some great companies on interesting projects -Good compensation package
Excelent W&L balance and opportunity to growth
Great benefits Flexible working hours
Satya Nadella has reinvigorated the company in a very short period of time. Highly professional environment with lots of opportunity for personal development
Great people, awesome culture, lots of new challenges. No better job in India working for world's best software company
Interesting projects, very smart people, and ability to have your work influence a lot of people. I personally, have a great manager, who is not only very capable, but alos knows how to direct/motivate his team.
in 2007 it was great company in terms of ramp-up: - 6 months training period(product, proceses and language) - Possibility to be a part of multinational team - Great to be a regional employee - Refreshments on place - Great benefits  During 10 years many things are changed, especially in ramp-up options.
Great product strategy, great leadership in the US, investing a lot in new technologies, many great people and also opportunities, good salary and benefit package, extremly flexible workstyle
- I joined Microsoft straight out of undergrad college as a software engineer in IT with a bunch of other college grads and I have met few of the smartest people I have known while at Microsoft! Especially the new college grads. They are super motivated, super techy, and politically smart. You will definitely learn a thing or two from everyone (and while this goes for every place you work at, Microsoft stands out for me personally) - There are lots of genuinely nice people here. Everyone is pretty transparent and honest, direct and challenging the status quo. - There are no meetings with just straight nods. Everyone has something useful to say and they would make a point to say it however radical, and you too will be expected to do so if you don't - A lot of parties, fun stuff. - Work - life balance. Your manager will literally want you to be happy. I have had about 6 managers in a span of 3 years and everyone of them was invested in getting me work where I could make and impact while also caring enough about what I do outside of work and whether I get enough time for it. - A lot of opportunities for innovation. Microsoft has a lot of internal groups and hackathons which promote this culture. And most of the crowd being into some side tech hobby or interest, they don't have to push a lot for participation here. There's a lot of cool stuff being built and you can literally be a part of it, everyone is just a ping away! - Compensation - Campus (its super beautiful) - Free snacks, coffee, and the like.
Work life balance is good
Best role and job ever
- Good team but bad projects - Work culture great ( services ) but not with all projects it depends ( 90 % project very tight timeline ) - Great investment on learning ( you love it ) - got lynda, Safari, pluralsight subscription free
Partners respect you because of the brand itself
Cultural transformation CEO Breadth of opportunity
Nice environment I love the company
there is a great work environment
amazing work, brilliant level projects
Great visionary CEO and strategy
Good Company, great people, nice office in Dublin
good team, environment to learn
great teams environment if you are lucky and being managed by good/quality manager, this is not always the case even at a company like Microsoft. My experience was super positive. A lot to learn and you feel like you work with the best in 90% of cases. Access to study materials, on-line libraries, access to latest tools, software MS is launching.
Great people who support you and enable you to grow Amazing pay and best benefits you could ever ask Variety of work and global reach flexible work arrangements
Incredibly innovative company. Challenging situations all the time. Matrixed organization. Chance of advancement from within. Outstanding work ethics. Employee well being part of the mission.
Huge business to understand, can get lots of exposure, large budgets, can make a difference. Big brand name, good for CV.
Work life balance Gender Diversity Innovation Market Reputation Investment in any technology in any region is very high. Good outlook for next 5-9 years
can have opportunities to work with complex environment and learn a lot of things
Would learn new things daily Work with best minds of the world
Keep pace with Technology, Wide Career Opportunities
young divers workers community and open culture
benefits , facilities, brand, technical events
Good place to learn the technology
Great focus on wellbeing and diversity. Very friendly set of employees. Great experience and particularly proactive in terms of graduate recruitment and millenialls. Inspirational CEO in Satya Nadella
Great focus on wellbeing and diversity. Very friendly set of employees. Great experience and particularly proactive in terms of graduate recruitment and millenialls. Inspirational CEO in Satya Nadella
Great work culture of trust and flexibility. Benefits are one of the best in the industry but the delivery and administration of the benefits could be better.
flexible working hours so you can arrange the time you work satisfying salary (especially if you are recruited through MACH program) friendly workplace environment no hierarchy (chance to voice your opinions in all meetings) nice place to work (the office environment, cafeterias are good)
Excellent facilities to enable you to achieve more.
- Exciting environment as the market rapidly changes/evolves but Microsoft has been keeping up with it under the new CEO's management, part of which is represented by revenue growth and stock price increases. - Very mature org with history, where management process is established. On the other hand, we adapt to the external changes flexibly at the same time. - great people to collaborate with - flexible work style - good salary
Great people, great culture, work/life balance.
It has a great and relaxed atmosphere. Great place to work for.
excellent company to work, good management, good environment
Microsoft offers a competitive set of benefits.
Great exposure to international business
Very engaging and collaborative workplace. Constantly learning and lots of smart people in the room. Able to learn a lot. Lots of travel and opportunities worldwide
Salary Work Life Balance Flexibility The Team Work from Home Career Development
Fun, engaging, fast moving, growth, opportunities
- Great Managment Team - People with great knowledge - Access to latest technology and gadgets
Nice comfortable working environment, brilliant facilities, good work life balance.
Passinate and rewarded
1. It takes care of employees' career. 2. The colleagues are very nice. 3. The environment are very good. 4. Work and life balance well.
great benefits, work life balance
Great job culture and professionalism.
Always working on cutting edge technology
Always working on cutting edge technology
Great company culture, talented people all over.
- Full freedom to work from anywhere, even from entirely different continents. - Lots of exclusive access to Microsoft products long before they release - Good work life balance and pay - Good community
Microsoft is a big, big place. There are lots of things you can do. Pay is good. Internal movement is encouraged.
- Good looking office.  - Micro kitchen on each floor with free soft drinks and sometimes fruits.  - Pool and table tennis on some floors.  - Large cafeteria.  - Free shuttles to/from closest subway stations.
The management picked a really supportive team and they themselves were really supportive and forgiving when I made early mistakes.  I really thought I was going to get fired in my first month. But instead they gave me a lot of leeway, kept pairing me up with other successful sales people and kept checking up with me after every interaction I made to give me advice on what I could do better. I came to love the job and put a lot of effort into becoming a better sales person. It was really rewarding for me, and I'm sure them as well, to be able to see my sales increasing.
Great technology , competitive products, Mobile and Cloud solution focus successfully help company to shift the dependency on Windows OS licensee to new cash cow.
Nice location, good transport links and some very nice people to work with. Good bus service fropm Reading Station to Thames Valley Park
You can learn so many Products
innovative, results-driven, smart, good opportunities for career growth
Almost all employees at Microsoft make enough money to be comfortable. We work on amazing products with some of the brightest in the industry.
Culture, benefits, workplace, work/life balance
Cutting Edge Technology, Very Smart People, Excellent Perks
Cutting Edge Technology Be in the 1st world IT Revolution Awesome perks Flexible working hours Be your own sailor Extreme global exposure
Mecca of technologies. Corporates love Microsoft. Employees are valued. Chances of growth within organisation. People are cheerful and passionate about their work.
good employer very kind and sweet
Great learning experience, good work/life balance
Empowered to make your decisions, great support from peers and collaborative atmosphere
I love the culture. Everyone is pleasant yet hard working. The benefits and coverage is amazing. One of if not the best place I have ever worked at. If you have a an interview, I would suggest trying your best. They are picky and don't let just anyone into their oasis of fairness and welcoming mentality.
amazing work facilities,amazing perks working at microsoft. satya nadella is the best
great salary, autonomy, balance between work and personal life
Great work atmosphere, the most excellent people in computer science across China, great working facility. You can meet great mentors, MSRA is really a good place for research.
Great atmosphere, facilities, people, huge opportunities to advance your skills and career.
- Great Process, Status, well recognized by industries and peers - Great Culture and Values - Great Top management with strong vision about the industries
good salary,work culture,foreign trip :)
One of the best places to work with high Workplace Index and great opportunities.
Agile, Works on latest technology, Smart people around
Enough challenge for the most advanced technologies
great work innovation and interesting technologies to deal with
- Working on products used by millions of people - Working with highly skilled co-workers - Fun environment
Work life balance is good, all the amenities
Working with smart and result oriented people in a very aggressive workplace with a very competitive compensation. You can definitely alter your ego.
Valued for what you do
Great people, really smart. Really good facilities and strong positive culture. Can achieve great things in your career if you have the right manager, network and support.
Very good environment. Healthy and friendly and supportive and motivating and caring all friends and colleagues. Every innovative and growing
Interesting projects. Smart and capable peers.
looking for life needs and kids life
Perks, Campus is outstanding. People are helpful. Had an awesome experience there.
Great innovation, Great Work, Great benefits
Microsoft offers total flexibility on working hours and work location. The empowerment even on the lowest levels is still impressive!
Company makes a change in their strategy and vision towards cloud. Amazing opportunities arise for professional
Good corporate culture, diversity and inclusion
Lots of opportunities, can change teams relatively easy
The people are nice. It have free coffee.
Perks are the best. From salary through medical and healthcare, the company pays for your gym and fitness band! You've the luxury of leaves and holidays as you please. The experience of a global company which makes a difference to the world.
Innovative, new technologies and products
Huge contact with high-end tech Great envolviment with multi-cultural and diversity people
vast opportunities to explore within Microsoft boundaries, best standards for work ethics and motivated colleagues around you, impact is global and you interact with teams and people from different geography and culture as part of working as a program manager
Great minds and driven software engineers. Fantastic team mates. Excellent and healthy culture. Collaboration and diversity are great strengths. It's exciting and interesting work where you are challenged every day..
Benefits, flexible working, innovation in product set, culture
Great product set . Azure is a market winner but Microsoft needs to give it more market awareness. Same can be said for Dynamics 365 Office365 is another great products that is totally under utilized. Great training as long as your manager fights your corner
A great organization to work for with amazing benefits and supports a balanced work vs life culture
Compared with my previos jobs, mostly as a vendor, they really give you a great deal of responsabilities. Especially now with Satya as CEO you really have the impression that things are starting to move fast after years of Ms being at bottom of the queue of innovation and looking less dynamical than its competitors. Looks like the era of the big mammoth of IE and the PC's business is over in favour of a more agile business model. Don't expect anyone to come to you asking to do you job, supervision is minimal, but they'll know how good or how bad you're doing, and they expect you to contribute towards ideas and project. I was actually surprised to see how easy it is to get any good idea implemented. Quite easy to see people working from home, even a couple of days per week. Very good benefits as well.
World class company with great vision
Business dynamics, diversity of people and environment
No micro-management - if you do your job well no one will pester you Young energy everywhere and all peers are friendly Great sports/pool benefits, on-site breakfast is great
Good pay, flexible working hours, some food and nice perks
- very large and diverse set of businesses that provides a lot of learning and career growth opportunities - presence across the World providing great WW exposure and ability to relocate internationally - cares about people
1. Team leads are willing to share their knowledge. 2. you can be promoted quickly if you are in a right team.
salary is good and payment package is great . leave is abundance and the company culture is awesome
# Good learning opportunities # Very Good facilities (medical, transport, food etc) # Good work life balance
Can get the latest technical news.
Flexible employer, some really great people work here, Satya Nadella has brought back excitement and innovation. A company that has changed the world in the past, and has the opportunity to do so again.
Nothing to say.. Big campus,car lease policy, health benefit.. Free snacks, cold drink, coffee, free
One of the most innovative companies in the world.
It was a good experience.
A great work life balance, with the ability to work from anywhere. Great benefits available for sales people, with car allowance, health care and a great incentive plan.
Learning opportunities. Access to their own software to learn and excel more...
Good salary, some employees are very nice
Good pay, professional working environment
fantastic resources, lots of great people, a v strong brand that opens opportunities & possibilities, freedom to run the job and your life your way, great culture of investing in people
- Very broad variety of domains to work on across Microsoft and most have a presence in Microsoft India Development Center (IDC) Hyderabad. - Technically brilliant and highly motivated colleagues - Great benefits and support infrastructure
Great managers who empower employees...working hours are flexible and environment is family friendly.
Microsoft is the best place I've worked for. Very encouraging environment, great internal systems, very positive vibe. Work life balance is awesome.
Working hours are great, flexibility with sick leave and really care about you
Great Company to Work and if there is a chance i will join the company again
It is great place with an amazing set of people. The work culture is the best part about the internship. There is a very good balance between work and life.
I loved the people and culture
I got to work with some of the best managers I have ever worked under. The training program at Microsoft is very very good.
Best people. Knowledge repository. Open to new ideas. Very employee friendly. Multinational. Customized. Flexible.
Best people. Knowledge repository. Open to new ideas. Very employee friendly. Multinational. Customized. Flexible.
work culture is positive. We get support from our peers both in India and US
Flexible and supportive of personal time. Good benefits and many company events. Good talented and nice people. Interesting projects that affect millions of users.
The benefits are excellent. There are Role change possibilities so you don't feel stuxk. Always learning. Dynamic environment. Very nice office and colleagues. Positive culture.
it's a global environment with diversity, you can learn a lot, not only technical skills but also soft skills.
Very good compensation Big impactful projects Flexible work hours
interesting work friendly colleagues work-life balance good pay
Great culture and environment. Flexibility in working hours. A lot of talented people.
food is provided daily which is delicious, will be assigned a mentor, who will discuss with you every week. People there are smart and easygoing.
The salary was great, the company is very serius and compliance , the process are hard,
Great staff, office is fun with good onsite facilities such as restaurant, shops and recreational area.
Global leader in several IT areas , big, international. Growing, developing, rich, very organized, growth mindset oriented. Present in many parts of the world, possibility for career growth.
Competitive salary Huge possibility to earn experience in the field you work in and in other, Every year you got new tech, practices and freedom to do you job better
The Bright minds, Work culture, Dream and you can reach there on your capabilities.
Excellent working environment with supremely talented team players. I worked in a role called Escalation Engineering which is a high level customer facing support role. Microsoft can offer you the ability to work with new technologies extremely early in the product life cycle. My cons are very minor working at Microsoft was a fantastic experience. I learnt a fantastic amount from how to deal with customers all the way through to how to debug Windows.
Microsoft's brand value provides instant recognition and invites respect Processes ensure great quality of end product I worked with 3 managers all of whom were awesome
Smart and creative people with some great perks
Great company if you want a corporate career. Satya is making the place completely different.
Very multinational, good salary and tools.
I Like to teach small kids .
I loved working there for many reasons from work conditions to salary and benefits. People are great to work with.
Good salary, great benefits, good career opportunities
future options louk great and can be even better
Good platform, top technology.
Dynamic and fast changing company Challenging and diverse work
Benefits, software, people are generally super smart.
good work life balance, great and variety of work Availability of different type of sports, Gym
Great place...very talented peers Opportunity to learn lot of MS stack Relocation to Redmont if we plan
good salary nice place to work
Benefits are great and there are lots of opportunities to grow skills and advance.
When working at Microsoft you are constantly at a challenging environment, full with brilliant people and with many opportunities to learn new things. Compensation is above average, and work / life balance is good as long as you are responsible and show good performance.
Lots of options and career opportunity Company highly supports job moves by providing tools and atmosphere Excellent benefits and total compensation
- clear strategy / sense of direction and purpose - experienced / smart employees & management - flexible working practices
Working at Microsoft is, all things considered, generally a good experience. The people are genuine, partners are great and there are some great flexible working options. The customer engagements are generally positive and the day to day of going to work is generally positive.
People are nice. A lot of projects you could participate in so have many opportunities. Work and life are well balanced.
Good benefit, Good brand-name, high salary, support from management team
Team of professionals. Great career oportunities, a lot of different businesses, some of them are very succesfull. Nice office with cool location.
good perks and benefits lot of travel..
Work culture Career growth Friendly Managers, they won't show bossism Transperancy Communication From Senior Management
Lot of exciting work going on. New style of working , change in culture. Innovative company.
Work culture Career growth Friendly Managers, they won't show bossism Transperancy Communication From Senior Management
Incredible company to work for
Lot of exciting work going on. New style of working , change in culture. Innovative company.
Good place to learn. Talent from top colleges
Great company to work for. Great skills acquired.
Best in industry compensation and benefits World class facilities Work from home options Good healthcare and medical benefits
This places is an awesome workplace, great quality work, helping peers, amazing projects, and the best work life balance
Salary, stock, US led events. Culture in other offices (apart from Australia) is really good. Good flexibility but the workload is really high so you cant always take advantage of it. Business class travel for long haul when you are senior.
Reasonable compensation, good environment, permanent readiness, innovation, people above average, proud of working for the company, some social impact.
Smart people and interesting challenges. Big budgets mean that you can do some really cool projects.
Very friendly fellow employees Flexible working hours Collegial environment Diversity of work Some diversity in employees
Free atmosphere, energetic people, encourage employees with full space to exercise innovation and make difference, sufficient resources to educate and train employees, not to bad benefits, one and unique MS poll survey to give feedback to manager
The work environment is changing for the better. Compensation and perks are good and comparable to Google and Facebook (sometimes higher, sometimes less, depending on when you come in), however stock is generally less.
Software powerhouse that is deeply entrenched in many organizations and like an octopus has many tentacles into many enterprises and organisations on all levels.
Creative , high efficiency, competitive package, respected, good management, can learn a lot of things, very good employees benefits and insurance , as well as considerable on board bonus
very qualified people opportunity to experience many diverse businesses from Xbox to IT infrastructure high level salary compared to market
Smart People and great product suite.
1. Good health support. 2. Good campus facilities.
Great work culture Very less Micro Management Lots of ways to improve career Free food , cabs and play Great office
Microsoft Store is a great place to develop any kind of business or personal skills you wish to have. The experience with Microsoft products is endless and you will forever learn about the advances and support that Windows and Microsoft wish to bring to people.
Microsoft Store is a great place to develop any kind of business or personal skills you wish to have. The experience with Microsoft products is endless and you will forever learn about the advances and support that Windows and Microsoft wish to bring to people.
Very smart people Fairly good comp. Company heading in the right direction Good work/life balance
Great place to learn and grow. Good salary. Other benefits were top notch. Stock bonus at higher levels were great.
best place to work with
Good working environment, people share everything and access the resource you needed.
games, logo, word and times new roman
Stategic project,360 picture, awesome facilities.
Lots of smart people working on interesting projects
Healthy work-life style balance. Very smart people around. Great benefits. Well known brand that seems to move forwards towards people expectations
the environment is at its best, if you want to be pat of something big Microsoft is the place you want to be, if u want to go forward in life and gain and rebuild and reinvent new ideas and upgrade your skills and 1 day you will take over the world.
Awesome colleagues, great work-life balance, recognition for the work done but then that's individual dependent
good company / good work life blance
Stategic project,360 picture, awesome facilities.
products, cloud, technology, culture, people
All things are good here, Work Life Balance, Latest Technology good pay, Open Culture best Management and Good HR Team.
Worked at Microsoft for almost 2 years reporting to TA Global team, great overall experience,  Excellent TA leadership team, got the chance to work with some great people in the industry across the Americas region
For the most part, good people.
Good work-life balance, people is evaluated based on goals, not how much time spent at the office.
good . sallery is attractrive . thats it
Amazing place to work in with full support from teams and management to excel your work
greatest company, take care everyone works in there!
By and large, great people working in a great environment. The technology is always changing, which keeps all of us with a vested interest on our toes (in a good way), salary & benefits are very good. The culture is changing for the better with Satya at the helm, and it's much more open to different influences, embracing of open source etc.
Great place to learn process Wide product and solutions to sell Strong marketing brand to help sell
Great benefits and quite generous salary. Looks good on your CV. Most colleagues are extremely bright people. Opportunities to get involved in very large projects. Performance review is not ratings-based and seems more enjoyable than if you were rated.
Microsoft cares about the develpment of its employees, you will be supported to participate in many trainings and self-develpment activities.
It is good balanced job
Quite high salary in Serbia,friendly environmet
Microsoft is a large company with many talented individuals and amazing products. You learn a lot and meet many big companies which is needed to broaden your experience. Even though there are methodologies in place but you have the flexibility to innovate how you work. There are no micro-management in Microsoft which is good but expect fierce quarterly and yearly reviews.
-> Good salary. -> UBI (Utilization Based Incentive)
Good compensation Smart ppl Good location in central London and Reading Lots of good training Share options
-> Good salary. -> UBI (Utilization Based Incentive)
Good work life balance Smart Colleagues Good perks and office culture
Company clearly has vision for the future. Sadly this did not include mobile which was the functiojn i was in.
Great opportunity - there are lot of areas one can work on to make impact on business. Abundance of tools to solve any business problem.
Renowned brand name, good company to work with. good work, environment,
Great access to top class clients and projects. If you want exposure this is the place to be. Plenty of supportive people who can help you with the ropes.
Relatively free to choose my research topic. I love the culture and value of Microsoft Research.
Good working environment and can learn a lot
Dynamics, intense a school in many disciplines. Promotes frequent internal job rotation locally and internationally. I am a better professional and person after a marvelous experience during 11 years. Maybe the best company I have ever worked for from 2005 to 20010
great employee benefits. great medical plans
Incredibly talented, dedicated and creative team members. Fast-moving, and really focused on innovation since arrival of Satya Nadella. Very diverse. Great pay and benefits, with a lot of flexibility on working location if you are a Corporate staff member living outside the US. Work from home when not travelling.
Culture, attitude towards innovation, 'can do' mentality, inclusiveness, career opportunities, work place environment.
Best benefits and work life balance (UK)
Flexible work environment, strategic engagement, leadership development, capability building
I can work on the great product!
Very good culture. Lots of smart people.
An amazing company, really well managed. Nice company culture and ethics. Good vibes in the work enviroment and amazing benefits.
- Latest technology - Lots of resources - Free Microsoft Certifications - Foreign trips - Flexible Hours - Flexible location
Amazing company to work for, good benefits.
good work-life balance lets you retain your sanity.
Salary, colleagues, technology, company direction
Amazing work culture, flexible hours, various learning opportunities, overall development of the intern, complete food and accomodation arrangement for the entire duration, lots of fun activities and sports
Good work environment, time management, work and life balancing, good food provided for a cheap price
A Company for which you want to work.
No limits to individual growth, an environment that promote continuous learning. All the attention and investments are on Azure so it is an exciting time to be in this role. Smart working policies can help you find your work and life balance.
-one learns a lot, both professionally - the only functioning Matrix organization I've seen -great people work there, most are exceptionally talented and knowledgeable - working from home -good salary and benefits
Excellent name on your cv Access to leading edge technology Some great people CEO is fighting to steer the ship in the right direction
- Exposure - talented People - Perks - Work life balance
-free snacks -get to play xbox games -great coworkers -get to learn about some really cool technology
working surroundings, work is very interesting
Reputation, brand, innovative and empowerment
Well paid, smart people, great office
Great in lead cloud sourcing platform development and cyber security
Flexible Leaves. Good salary. Good Learning
This is a good place to work at, but not the best. There are a lot of opportunities but it comes with putting an equivalent amount of effort.
great culture, give possibilities to be creative
As a Microsoft vendor I was exposed to so many facets of the business, growing both my marketing and tech knowledge
Microsoft is one of the best foreign companies in China. The work here is creatively, the pressure is not so high
big company and good benefits
Culture, benefits, see new technology come to life
Good compensation Great place to work
People, environment, culture, technology, diversity
Microsoft is one of the best foreign companies in China. The work here is creatively, the pressure is not so high
Microsoft Services Global Delivery (MSGD) shares the name Microsoft band. It is part of Microsoft organization, but there are extreme difference with Microsoft product group in terms of technology, work environment, pay and benefit, stocks, career growth etc.  Inside MSGD many practice/ group operate individually. Work and technology wise some of the groups like Modern practice, Dynamics are good. You learn all latest technology, work in cutting edge technology etc.
Diverse, flexible and intelectually estimulating environment. It has a unique enviroment to really cause an impact on everybody's life through the use of technology.
Colleagues are very friendly, technical atmosphere is very good, and is open to technical discussion
You will enormous amount of chance to express and grow as a team or individual. People are really smart here learn from them and will chive more.
A very good work environment and they take care of their employees well
1. agile 2. fun 3. awesome 4. divert 5. cool
Great place to work that deteriorated over the years
Great Place to work and extremely fun
to know about the secret of confidential information
Great opportunities with events, mentoring and networking. Really suggested but more focused on Technical Evangelism than Software Development.
Cool workplace, have lots of free time. Lots of indoor games to play.
Good management and mentors. They give many on demand trainnings which is very helpful to enhance your competencies. HR and the top management really care about their employees. Good environment.
Good package, exciting role, great people
Great working environment and much to learn
Great culture, trainings and benefits.
The company offer great salary & benefits. The work is challenging.
Good profits. Smart people. Big company has good rules.
Great company, good exposure, high job satisfaction and learning
Challenging, pays well, great people, many activities, great perks, amazing work environment, good working method and technologies, interesting. very good. very open, liberal, good values
-a revolution in the making of the biggest re-start-up ever -more youthful people bringing a wealth of new thoughts
working environment is pretty good, good relationship and college is very easy to communication
Excellent Compensation. Work Environment is awsome. Smart People to work with. Flexible working hours.
Flexible work options and lot of resources. Monitory benefit good.
Good benefits package, official salary and benefits.
I would like to say that this company really helped me to learn new technologies and it is great place for learning and growing your career too.
Massive company, very well known Great benefit Opportunities to learn Great opportunities to rotate in different departments Flexible working hours
Best perks and benefits, New technology
Excellent Compensation. Work Environment is awsome. Smart People to work with. Flexible working hours.
Good work environment, everyone works very actively, allowed flexible work hours
Flexible work options and lot of resources. Monitory benefit good.
Good benefits package, official salary and benefits.
Great Work culture Exciting learning experiences Great campus
- Great access to lots of different technologies - Good freedom of movement into different roles/divisions
learn a lot, good environment , best mind to work with,good work life balance,good perks.
Great talent in people hired. Learning opportunities many.
A lot of emphasis on people development and culture building.
Work Life Balance, pleasant environment
-beverage bar -travel perks for full time regulars -good onboarding program -reputation in the market
Work life balance. Great culture and facilities
Best in class benefits, great work hours, super smart people
> awesome brand name > great to know about a lot of technologies > challenging environment
Diversity of experiences, size of the business
They invest in their people.
Good and open Culture. Post the new review cycle there is no more bell curve for review so that that it means is everyone will get a average hike. What it also means is if you are great performer then your hike with not be very much higher compared to a average or even some bad performers
Good company. Good learning environment
- great financial aspect (comparing to other software companies in Serbia) - positive team atmosphere - flexible working hours (might vary across teams)
Salary is OK Benefits are above average Friendly people
Good network of people to work with, some real quality subject matter experts to put in front of clients.
Good organization to work with for life time. Worth working for Microsoft as they treat employee very well.
One of the best tech companies to work for. Working with some of greatest minds in the tech and business Good benefit and great learning opportunities
Brand Name Flexible Work You can enjoy the 30 days stay in hotel
It was very 9-5 in my department, and the food is subsidised
Opportunity, Smart people, Compensation , Benefits, Campus
Microsoft has flexible working hours which gives nice work life balance, also has lot of facilities, events and seminars. Employer friendly but pays less
Great benefits, American corporate culture, new leadership.
you can learn every day and amount of resources(be it awesome people or materials or labs) is amazing
environment, colleagues, opportunities, customers, partners
Easy-going, relaxed atmosphere, working from home
Lot of action, tremendous opportunities to work, contribute and learn. An action packed company
Opportunity, Smart people, Compensation , Benefits, Campus
Work life balance, international opportunities, career development, great management, challenging work
you can learn every day and amount of resources(be it awesome people or materials or labs) is amazing
Reputed job with Microsoft company
Well known company. Gained a lot of skills from working at Microsoft over the year that I was employed with them.
Salary, infrastructure and other employee benefits
I think that there is a lot of pros: Career opportunities Smart community Good salary Developing company Good culture Good to learn high perform business
- A great place to learn from smart people around you. - Good pay and benefits - Great office campus in India
worked there from 2001-4. great work life balance, complex and challenging projects, good team spirit
Doing great work in Cloud and Machine Learning
Big company, good benefits somehow
HR policies, work culture, very intelligent and smart co-workers
With so many new products there is always something to learn, which is really exciting... the latest tools and investments are there to help you be successful in your role
Good compensation compared to smaller companies.
Lots of opportunities, lots of great people and pretty much all very open and willing to help and teach.
Flexibility, give you healthcare even do for an intern position
Work-Life Balance Open door policy Highest Level of executives is accessible even to interns
Good policy. Good company for Freshers as lots of events, onsite opportunities and facilities.
nice workmates and environment, challenging works.
Social work environment, subscriptions benefits
Excellent exposure good work life balance new projects good compensation good management
Can work on a variety of things from OS to gaming based on interest.
Great benefits and work conditions
Great tech company, ability to gain worldwide experience
Fast paced, Technologically advanced and good work culture
Workplace, environment, people, facilities and material
- good team - reasonable targets - good compensation - goodwork-life balance
Cache of working for MS Annual training in Seattle Frequent refresh of kit and tech toys like phones and tablets
Great company, good potential for promotion. Great global experience and good salaries and benefits
Goop possibilities for development. Great fellow colleagues and most managers. Benefits. Industry is vital for the future. One of the few players who shape the future of technology and world.
good problems to solve, good benefits
Diverse like you wouldn't believe, our leaders open to challenge, and Satya has helped give Microsoft a new lease of life. As a graduate hire, I have been given heaps of fantastic opportunity across the business to grow in capability and confidence but has, at the same time, kept me grounded and grateful for those opportunities, quickly reminded if I let individual success go to my head. Since then, I have had the privilege of continuing to lead amazing teams, inflicting true positive transformation for customers, partners and communities.
great competitive environment, high salary, gym, a lot of facilities, flixible timings
Good salary & benefits, international opportunities
good work life balance excellent work environment very limited politics
Work-life balance is very good
it is young and international
Easy working atmosphere, jeans & tee-shirt
Great people , great experiences, some very good management, ambition of the company is vast, great technologies, great working environments, very international. I enjoyed my work, you work really hard, its quite intense, and you have to be confident of approaching lots of people you don't know and building networks across the business. You are well paid and benefits choice is great. There are opportunities for training, you have to seek them out other than mandatory training such as diversity and equality and so forth. In all I had some great experiences , worked with great people, and made very good money.
- High degree of freedom - Core work given to interns - Great company culture - Free drinks
Flexible Timings, Superb work culture and ethics, Get to work with the best minds from across the world. I am in a customer facing role and have worked with multiple customers across the world and traveled due to work.
Good employer with great human resources policies. Flexible timings, good benefits. Good facilities like gymnasium, free snacks, medical insurance
Great place to work with amazing employees
Best culture, work, and pay.transperancy in everything including Apprasail Great people with grea brains.
Full of very smart people doing a variety of interesting things. Flexible working is encouraged.
Good salary Still you can find places where you can make a difference with your work within the company Good new products that fit in the market
Great GM and LT. Brillant, outstanding Management
Lots of products, so possibility of a breadth of experiences Benefits & Incentives Work life balance
flexibility training environment culture rewards
Good company focusing on emerging technologies / innovations
Employee friendly, Career opportunities, transparent Managers, Visionary Leadership team, good benefits.
Great company. Very Flexible and ethical organisation.
Good Work Life Balance Good Pay Good Team
good opportunity to grow yourself in such a big company
Friendly people and a great atmosphere. Good pay and benefits for full time employees. Constantly expanding and growing new teams.
Satya and his leadership team have been continuously and successfully transforming the public's perception of Microsoft.
Great pay, great work culture, a lot of exciting things happening.
Very interesting job, great people
1. Good compensation as compared to industry standards 2. Nice Culture 3. Brand value 4. Hard workers get recognized 5. Lot of opportunities to learn and grow vertically 6. Free food and cab facilities
Get on the right track to get the SW empire again.
Friendly people and a great atmosphere. Good pay and benefits for full time employees. Constantly expanding and growing new teams.
Cutting edge technology Good pay Nice work culture
Great benefits, flexi time, get to work with cool technologies.
Global company, so that in general benefit is good
Healthy environment Awesome work culture Cutting edge projects and technologies to work upon
Great Place to work, place that improves your well-being but you could.
Work-Life balance, good environment and perks, good training, benefits, opportunities
Company invests in people, provides stretch opportunies. You must work had and be prepared to be challenged. Bar is always being raised, but if you thrive on fast paced, high expectation environment, Microsoft is the place to be. Company is committed to rewarding for performance.
Good infrastructure, intelligent people, nice campus
challenging, proud , competitive, exciting, good pay
Microsoft is the best company to be in right now. challenging work and great benefits
- 6 months hotel accomodation. - Awesome mentor - Good projects, learn various technologies - Hyderabad office is awesome, all indoor as well as outdoor games
8-4 weekdays. Free soda, coffee and other drinks. Nice office environment.
great Environment ,great chance for learning , vision ,Mission
Fair treatment, challenging in a positive way.
learning many soft skills other than technical.
* Lots of smart people * Exposure to lots of projects and tools * Good job out of college
People centric company and really cares about engineers
Great company for tech guys. Great benefits probably better than 80% of large corporations.
Great place to work, learn and grow. Great culture, team work and opportunities to become in depth technical experts.
Learn a lot working with a lot of smart people.
Good work. Average Team. Less pressure. Great outings
At Microsoft you really do feel like you have the ability to do just about anything. If you aren't happy with what you are doing at the moment, there are other opportunities throughout the company. The pay, in Japan, is quite a bit higher than similarly spaced Japanese firms.
Dealing with different cultures that pushes enlightening me up to different and wider perspectives, practicing my passion in business as in, training, learning and business development, technology.
- Good work culture. - Access to a lot of learning resources (both internal and external). - Lot of products to choose from, to work on.
Great top Management with a growth mindset (Satya Nadella). Investing a lot in R&D. Building up experienced sales team.
Flexi Hours, lots of benefits of working with MNC, breadth of products
Great company to work with, good environment, friendly work force, great benefits
Excellent coworkers, interesting tasks, able to manage his time at work
Great company, great work life balance
Great peer group, lots of learning, good work life balance - sufficient leaves, flexi hours and work from home facilities, great campus, perks, annual gifts and parties. All in all a great company to work at.
Brand, big pull and well respected
Dealing with different cultures that pushes enlightening me up to different and wider perspectives, practicing my passion in business as in, training, learning and business development, technology.
Opportunity work on interesting consumer facing products. Generally smart people to work with. Lot to learn, about technology, people, and getting things done.
Lots of opportunities to move to new roles. If you willing to make a move you have plenty of opportunities
Good Campus, Friendly People Nice facilities
Great Company to Work. Awesome Work-Life Balance.
Great place in terms of technology, culture, job security. -Work-life balance. -Good opportunity for self learner
- lots of opportunities to work multinationally
Brand Best opportunity to learn Leading technologies
Good research environment, creative teammates, flexible work time
Microsoft is a great company when it comes to salary, benefits, and fairness. There is no discrimination with respect to age, sexuality, race, religion, and employees are encouraged to recognize biases (conscious or unconscious). Under Satya the approach and direction of the company is more clear and has a better chance of success.
Good company, very good job for a retail job
Good work environment and enough opportunities to grow. Work life balanace is well maintained. Management is reachable. Work quality is really good in most projects.
Great people to work with
Great Pay, Good Career development opportunities,
sense of family , fun environment
Market leader in their domain Great tech organisation esp for tech leaders Great hiring but poor retention efforts
Great benefits The people are amazing and super smart Great vision and strategy
Great Team Great People Great Projects Encourages you to be curious
Very good tech culture, tries to be innovative and a leader in the industry. Surrounded by very smart people (caveat in cons). Good benefits and RRSP match. Nice office building with a decent cafeteria.
- Great opportunity to learn from counterparts in different countries. - Good benefits - Great office space in London and Reading - Having access to manage great and known client lists
Laid back job for receptionist working part time
Smart people, Excellent benefits and Salary, Very good Work-Life balance. Exceptional "Social services" - Gifts, - Good team building events.
Excitement Flexibility Benefits Fun Good colleagues Lots to learn
Best employer I have ever worked for
Invests in people, international culture, new world of work=you can work from anywhere, challenging projects in very competitive markets, great remuneration package.
Great company and great people to work with
Yhe stock option is good
Microsoft had a great atmosphere and everyone seemed like they really enjoyed it there. Everyone helped out a lot.
World's No 1 company on the planet earth
Great place to start. So many to learn from. Good brand name to have on CV. Nice salary. Cozy office.
Flexible and work life balance is achievable if you manage time well.
Good challenging work and good work life balance.
Continuous innovation, global reach and impact, very engaged people.
Excellent place to work! Overall freedom to express your ideas, be creative, internal tools available to utilise and grow your own knowledge, company cares for the well being of the employee (provide gym membership, health weeks). Clear Objectives given. Clear career path.
There's free soda in the kitchen
Comfortable working environment, plenty of food and drinks.
lots of resources, good benefit
Comfortable working environment, plenty of food and drinks.
* Culture has evolved much better lately * Smart folks around * Learn a lot * No stack based ranking and collaborative environment. This forces people to minimize the politics instead helping each other * Switching teams has become easier and encouraged if you find yourself in a team which is not fit for you. Even managers help you switch the teams. * You have to search for the opportunities and grab it. You can not expect it to reach your way. * CEO & Senior leadership direct interaction with employees
Greatest and the best company anyone could ever work for!
Nice environment Lot's to learn Ability to move inside the company
Flexible work environment, home office. friendly work environment and free drinks and snacks.
Great work environment, Work life balance, Talented people around, You can push yourself if you need more challenges, Ability to switch teams and products after appearing for their interviews internally.
world wide, big,drive for results, cloud, engeniring
1. Great work culture 2. Wonderful perks 3. Interesting people
one of the best companies overall, good opportunities to advance or go to another country
Great company to boost your career
Really great place to work
Great Work Life balance Great environment Excellent staff to work around
-Great work -Challenging projects -Good perks -Smart people
Some of the best people in the world work at Microsoft
Stocks and stock options are the best thing ever Salary Benefits Free products Great Gym
They promote work-life balance. great team
Investment in team truly obsesses over customer experience
I appreciate the idea of taking designer seriously. That makes me believe that products in the future will be beautiful. And I myself as a developer enjoys programming new products here. The idea of Mobile first, cloud first will make a better future for this company. Good work-life balance.
Good exposure to senior management.
Great brand and products with market leading cloud offerings and great new CEO. Customers really do love the products and will hear you out.
Microsoft is one of the biggest company in the world
Work Culture Exposure Benefits
Decent salary, excellent career development opportunities.
Amazing work and opportunities open culture
Great Opportunities, Bonus, Location, Food
I was able to work remotely most of the time, with some traveling for key meetings. Lots of autonomy and was able to set my own hours. The bosses I had trusted me and I respected them.
Good not to be undermined. Management is awesome.
cool tech product and learning experience
Very organized and systematic internship program Employs brilliant and ambitious people Open culture that encourages sharing among the entire MS network
Facilities, flexible work hours, freedom
Best place ever to network
Benefits and salary are above the average. Flexibility work from home or at different times. Lots of resources: training, equipment, books, digital libraries, etc. Some nice perks in London office
Environment: everyone is very helpful and empower you to develop yourself Daily Benefits: food, coffee, fruits, yogurt... Work from home, focused on objectives not time spent at the office. Career Management Training: Best place to lear, lots of tools Goals are clear and when met you get compensation
They were professional and smart.
Good colleagues, unlimited supply of food and coffee
Great work life balance, no hierarchy as such, people are ready to help
_talented people _incredible real word projects _unlimited funds
very interesting cases, great technical team
Promotion possiblity Work with global teams High salary
Big brand and stress free work
Flexible Job, working with edge technology building solutions
good vibes, customer obsessed, growth mindset
Company adds the needed rigour to your career
Read the cons first.  The brand does help.  The office locations are relatively good.  Good Basic salary and package but not market competitive.  It appears that once you have been assimilated into Microsoft you could survive for years and years in its Eco system but probably at the risk of forgetting what life is like outside of the business.  Azure is very good - but here is a company where the vast majority of people are still used to selling windows and supporting products so cultural change is slow....like a snail slow.  The company is king of acronyms you will be issued with an 80 page book on them when you join.
provides big room to grow and develop.
A lot of opportunities for learning
Very good company culture, somewhat work life balance, projects are interesting
Work environment, pay, benefits, international exposure.
Good Company to start the career
Being a big company, Microsoft provides a lot of flexibility in what technologies one wants to work on and what timings
Infrastructure, Restaurant, Easy Going Collegues, Various new subjects, Individual profiling creating projects possible like presenting team meetings
- Friendly people, managers are very supportive - Good work is often recognised. - Very good work-life balance (except during releases) - Good facilities in the office - food, gym, great campus, transport etc - Can grow at a pace you're comfortable with (very competitive to mildly complacent)
Full of opportunities,Great place to work
- Great atmosphere to work, lots of technical resources and benefits for employees - Managers and colleagues were supportive as we were not competing each other
technically good atmosphere should be maintained
A self-critical willingness to learn culture focus on revisiting all our existing processes to keep end customer satisfaction in mind
Good work/life balance. Easy commute.
- smart, experienced co-workers  - benefits  - interesting projects
A company moving in the right direction. Good all-rounder
technology, location, identity, valued brand in the market
Good people, nice environment
Smart people, cool work environment, and great pay & benefits.
great people-focussed culture, flexible work environment
goood salary new work nice exposue managers are really cool you wont leave this
Good money and not healthy
a lot of rewards, vacation day with payment: 15
Flexible timings and a lot of perks.
Great mission, vision and goals. With a space to join multiple new projects and create new ones, which allows to develop yourself and people around you faster.
Round the clock facilities for almost anything you require. You will not be able to adjust to the work environments of other companies after enjoying the facilities here. All employees are very helpful and cheerful. As an intern you will not be discriminated or left alone, you have opportunities to go out and meet other teams in the department and get along with your team during team outings, lunches and games throughout the week.
1) Culture of innovation being created under new CEO 2) New culture of self reflection and self development and work-life balance (finding meaning in work) 3) Great impact due to ubiquity of MSFT products and their usage with customers 4) Pay is very competitive, and good chance to increase pay through great work.
Great mission, vision and goals. With a space to join multiple new projects and create new ones, which allows to develop yourself and people around you faster.
Round the clock facilities for almost anything you require. You will not be able to adjust to the work environments of other companies after enjoying the facilities here. All employees are very helpful and cheerful. As an intern you will not be discriminated or left alone, you have opportunities to go out and meet other teams in the department and get along with your team during team outings, lunches and games throughout the week.
Work culture, opportunities and perfect place to be right now with the innovation and new products being launched. Decent pay and good benefits.
Work with smart people, learn about new developments in tech, good benefits
Good place to learn new technologies
Great professional people.Tons of people to learn from
It´s a good company to work in, very interesting to see and understand how technology will help people in the future
High dynamics, business oriented driven, innovative products and services, leading company in its segment
Very smart people, Great company vision and products
* Work on products/services used by hundreds of millions of people * Great, interactive atmosphere - where everyone is looking for new ways to get things done * Solve macro problems - large system services architecture and strategy. * Won 'great places to work' for a reason * Microsoft is reinventing itself in where it goes and how it gets there.
Good company to work with
Great Place to work, Mobility , flexibility, Good benefits.
Really like Satya's vision for the company, great products and Technology. Doing their best to compete against more modern and young tech companies
It was a great company to work for because of the culture and benefits
compensation, benefits, flexibility, location, technology
Good place to work.Awesome working experience.
Best perks & work in the industry which inspires you to stay for longer
Good work atmosphere and team spirit
Good, nice enviroment, super place to start
Free food, good management, gym, shower, 8 ball pool, snooker, foosball
I've worked at MSFT several times - and really my only complaint is that they can be slow to advance - so I leave for a promotion to advance my career but somehow always end up back here.
The company has a lot of flexibility on schedule and way of working, home office, beautiful offices, they think about employees.
Global culture is amazing. MSFT really has products that change our lives and working there, you can follow those products development since the beginning until the launch.
As a software company, they can afford a lot. That means, benefits, office environment, investment into marketing, etc. The products that I was working on (server family) were great and innovation was there.
Great resources - msdn subscription, internal portals etc. Decent salary - slightly above industry average + stock options which accrue over time (this itself becomes significant part, if you work for longer period)
Fantastic career opportunities with the ability to grow and be challenged.
bright industry with nice background
great campus great gym good benefits
Great Team Great Location Positive environment Fun place Free Drinks Great Employee support Great Benefits
Flexibility Diversity Development opportunities Great company culture, working from home possibilities, great community and contacts all over the world
Great Team Great Location Positive environment Fun place Free Drinks Great Employee support Great Benefits
Renumeration package is attractive, flexible working hours (sometimes). Free microsoft certification exams and lots of collaboration going on
One of the best brands to work. For a support engineer, you get one of the highest salary packages compared to other counterparts in the support line of business. Free food and cabs round the clock. Niche colleagues who are experts in their domain and are very friendly, always jump out of their seats to help and assist you.
global Technology company with strong basis
- Good Work life balance - Finding mentors is easy - Shifting between jobs is convenient
Very good company best atmosphere best managers
Industry leading salary, smart people, great opportunity to make an impact.
Overseas training and summits, relatively chill working environment, pretty good compensation, employee stock options, company brand value, mobility within company
IMHO Microsoft is rediscovering its vision and drive.. leading to an exciting & innovative environment which attracts smart and motivated staff - who in my experience worked well together & internationally across teams  Opportunity to work with leading edge products that have world-wide impact... and with teams that have a real desire to create high quality solutions for business and consumers.
IMHO Microsoft is rediscovering its vision and drive.. leading to an exciting & innovative environment which attracts smart and motivated staff - who in my experience worked well together & internationally across teams  Opportunity to work with leading edge products that have world-wide impact... and with teams that have a real desire to create high quality solutions for business and consumers.
-> Great work life balance -> Smart Co-workers -> Flexible timings -> Challenging work
Respectful company that allows you to work from home. High performing business
There is a total freedom of choosing your own working hours and there is a minimal of face time needed in this company.
Very fair compensation and benefits. A lot of opportunity for personal development.
Very good company to work
+ Good atmosphere + Beautiful office + Nice facilities
Bar none the salary, perks and benefits exceed all of my former employers and I've worked at some very good companies
System of Rewards , ability to act outside of your job description. The company is really innovative for customers, lots of opportunities to participate in great wins, excellent team work
Good to work with company that is forefront of almost all tech revolutions in world.
Collaborate internationally between teams Although it has become less cool to work for MS, it still has a vast talent pool Closest you'll probably ever get with respect to everything related to MS tech stack (which is also all up-to-date and easy to acquire) Encouraged use of processes that ensure high quality products Annual minor stock bonuses and performance-based but limited raises
Provide good work / life balance. No micromanagement. Provide opportunity to progress in your career and get involved in different projects.
microsoft is a great company with good opportunities, quick promotion. You can work and live there well
Good change vision salary brand
Good training and compensation benefits. Satya is a breath of fresh air in an otherwise very staid Leadership team. It will take many years before his presence will impact the frontline employees.
-Demands a lot from staff - Scorecard usually complex to understand
quite stable, high salary, and good welfare. Coworkers are generally nice, with many experts in programming.
Innovative products with rich resources. Great culture with great people.
Environment is good, new building is going to be used.
- Good buzz atmosphere as if something exciting is happen each day. It makes you feel you are doing something important. - Working with like-minded IT technical employees, who are also passionate about learning, if you want to learn, sell, support, market, consultant, enterprise technology its a great software corporation to work, and learn a job in a big company. - If you have huge drive and passion, its a phenomenal company to deliver.
Environment is good, new building is going to be used.
Good work life balance. Decent pay compare to most of the companies.
MIllions of potential users of your features
Great Company, Nice work environment good salary
Rewarding work. Surrounded by incredibly smart people. Company puts a big value on giving back to employees.
Home office flexibility Informal enviroment Good salary + Benefits
Education - Free CBT Nuggets, Free certifications Work environment is ok Direct management is ok Great extras like free breakfast, access to gyms, etc.
Great campus, work life balance (too much life, no work), good compensation , intelligent people around, ample opportunities for redmond/california transfers if shifting abroad is your only goal in life.
- Home Office - Flexible Working Hours - Amazing Office space -Amazing Team - Challenging work
No Pros as they select only based on gender
Very smart people. Diversified company with lots of opportunities for relocation all over the world. Challenging, fast paced environment with lots of learning opportunities. Very strong feedback culture.
- Flexibility to do your job on your own terms - Decent pay & perks - New focus & work every year High energy, highly competitive environment. Perform or perish. Though folks are given chance to perform before asking to leave.
great experience to learn and practice
- Great technologies - Good work culture and flexibility - Good benefits and pay
Very challenging work with the capability to always improve yourself
Overall quite nice place to work with ok salary and benefits
Work Life balance is the best
Great atmosphere and nice colleagues. Best thing is that you can see how big corporation is working from insight.
- Compelling product set - fast moving - freedom of choice when and where to work
Great place to work with balanced work life balance.
Great place to work with balanced work life balance.
Challenging projects A lot of opportunities to learn and grow, both as a person and as a proffesional Great working conditions
On of the best companies in the world always develop in their employees, Company always keen to follow market trends and directions
Lot of effort to make a good product. Freedom to build your own career. Freedom to work on other cool stuff.
Good opportunities of Career Development, good salary and benefits.
Its decent pay for an average part time employee. Nice benefits and welcoming and friendly atmosphere. Co-workers are pretty nice too.
Good place to learn Enough budget to run proper campaigns
Good salary, great teammates, startup-like culture (in my project), work-life balance.
Great place to work with a high level of diversity!
Technologies, products, tools, great leaders, so much to learn, work environment, benefits, compensation.
Great work life balance, good pay, friendly people. growth opportunity
- good salary - exceptional team - respected company - work flexibility / work from home - good bonuses
Great brand to work with. Great work culture
Well known company with good business strategy and nice solutions. Good message passed from management to stuff.
Nice salary Nice environment in the new building
Good team, friendly people, Organized setting, an extremely comfortable work environment which is more than you can ask for these days
Generous pay and benefits package. Multicultural studios. Highly skilled work colleagues. Fantastic office spaces. Opportunities to travel. Strong CEO with a clear vision.
You have what you need to do your job Access to great engineers and good share of knowledge People do really want to build great products
Rapid change in a dynamic enviroment
Very good work life balance.
I've meet some incredible people there, they make research mostly in the HCI area, and have a very diverse team.
better compensation, other benefits, GYm , Car lease, Child care
Best among all other industry equivalent to this
Work Life Balance, Smart people, facilities
State-of-the-art technologies, access to lot of internal knowledge, well-designed policies that apply to everyone and amazing to be part of a great tech company.
Definitely the best place to learn and hone your skills. I worked at Microsoft GTSC Bangalore. Here we support enterprise Premier customers and resolve the most complex and challenging issues which you can get. Good benefits, pay, etc.
- It's a good company overall. - Still considered to be a pay master
good place to work have no issues.
Microsoft overall is a good place to work at. The pay is good, benefits as well. Offices are well maintained and pleasant. There's a large variety of projects to choose from. Activities after work. And option for relocation.
Decent work-life balance and supportive management for alternative work arrangements. Supportive of career development and a focus on impact as well as financial results. People are generally vested in the success and strategy of the company.
Good company to work in India
Microsoft's recent decisions under Satya have been brave and appropriate, with some very impactful decisions such as divesting from phone, making Windows 10 free, and focusing on services.
Change roles often. Ultimate career growth and challenge environment.
Well paid package in Saudi and great learning experience in enterprise and government sales. Technology leader when it comes to productivity and cloud solutions, with strong brand un MEA region.
1. Good people 2. Good benefits 3. Many people to learn from 4. Contribute to big products - your code might affect millions of people.
Great peers nice office free food
Amazing coders for the beginners to work with.
Canteen on site and multinational culture.
Exciting technology that customers pay for.
It is not secret that Microsoft is very good at selling and marketing its product. If you are in sales, you will learn a lot about how to run your business.  It has world class tools and processes available for employees.
It is not secret that Microsoft is very good at selling and marketing its product. If you are in sales, you will learn a lot about how to run your business.  It has world class tools and processes available for employees.
Excellent technical resources. One of the best minds in the industry.
work life balance depends on your position in the organization.
- great technology - lots of impact - colleagues are team players
Market leader in mobile and cloud computing, well known global brand, global presence and lical solution for human needs, great place to work
Diversity, benefits, development & scope
Good work, benefits, facilities, growth
Great offices, free drinks and fruits.
Incredible people that will inspire you each and every day.
Friendly working frame. Nice colleagues and nice managers. Lots of freedoms. Lots of very passionnated people. I do love my job.
Good colleagues, flexible time, innovation
Interesting projects Lot of smart people Good compensation & decent benefits
Learn alot, chance to be in the forefront of technology. Good compensation and package
Decent base salary, excellent benefits package and awesome office facilities. People who work there generally love it and I always found I was a good as my team, which was normally great. A competitive culture is created which does push people to excel.
good compensation and career growth
Work environment reimbursement policy leave policy work life balance
I was in phone/ device business. Most of colleagues were former Nokia co-workers.
friendly environment, best bosses, good work-life balance latest models of laptop & phone, shuttle bus, lunch & café, 15 days/ year for annual leave, additional health insurance for family, rich culture, various internal events
Well equipped and diversified colleagues, great benefits
Really nice work life balance.
Good money, great benefits, you decide how to manage your schedule, home office is important for everyone, people that work here are amazingly intelligent, challenges are fun too.
friendly environment, best bosses, good work-life balance latest models of laptop & phone, shuttle bus, lunch & café, 15 days/ year for annual leave, additional health insurance for family, rich culture, various internal events
Nice infrastructure, bright minds, good allowances
Good Brandname. will help when you switch Better than being in service based companies GOod work life balance Good set of facilities and means of recreation and de-stress
Exciting and innovative company to work for. You're always working alongside motivated and hard working individuals. Great salary. Excellent Benefits.
Amazing perks to being an intern, which include well organised events and freebies. The working and design culture was really nice - several round table events were scheduled for us with lead designers around campus where we could gain valuable insights into the different stuff going on at the time. My immediate team were all really knowledgable and open to providing aid within the Applications and Services Group, and my manager was fantastic.  Working hours were also very flexible, allowing you to come in at whatever time your want. Although the majority would make the effort to be present all day.
Great people to work with, nice cafeteria and food, and events
At Microsoft Services, Canada, you get to learn a lot of Microsoft technologies with endless training and even soft skills training that will help you to realize your full potential. Open environment to collaborate with other groups with a new performance-based concept of making others successful to be successful yourself, that encourages team-success. Workplace facilities and benefits are best to none.
Casual and relaxed culture in the office.
Microsoft is a very challenging environment for software engineers, it requires creativity and long term goals from their engineers.
Great team, infrastructure and big challenges.
Strong corporate environment, with an eye on innovation and customer obsession
Great benefits, culture of further learning, some of the people. Opportunity to travel and learn. Huge brand, people want to speak with you.
Breadth gives flexibilty to work on things that interest you. Work life balance, positive work culture.
I was working in the same building with some of the smartest people on Earth and yet most of them were interested in talking to me if I showed some initiative or interest in their research.
Flexibility Career path Own the business
Great compensation and benefits (health care, company care, good payroll). Flexible working conditions
People are nice, environment is good, projects are mostly interesting, compensation is fair. The offices are large and nicely decorated..
Great company for opportunities if mobile. Limitations in smaller subsidiaries for growth
Great Work Health Index, supportive managers
Absolutely fantastic company to work with
Very smart and intelligent people to work with and for. You get to learn loads of new stuff, develop yourself extensively as nobody will shy away from giving you feedback. They take privacy and diversity very seriously and live by the principles they set. Nice perks like MGX ( most people use it to find their next job or pave the road for it), bonus, salary quite competitive.
A lot of perks and work life balance.
On time pay, much higher than the average pay for Romania, bonuses, relaxed working environment.
Great work life balance. Able to learn new things at own pace
Excellent Pay, Excellent Employee Morale building activities.
Free drinks, snacks and software. Some good staff as long as your are not ex Staples, Future Shop, Best Buy, they seem to have a bad attitude...just saying.......
Superb company to work with
Good benefits, work from home and nice offices
very flexible, no one cares as long as you get your job done, good culture
Microsoft global strategy is getting traction
Great environment and people. It's a fun place to work at and I'm glad I had the experience. I wouldn't go back for a full-time job after my education, but it was nice while I was there.
Work/Life Balance, really good.
fantastic people, great depth of talent & opportunities, culture changing rapidly after satya took over
very flexible, no one cares as long as you get your job done, good culture
A perfect place to learn but with very limited possibilities to grow (at least in the country)
Smart, hard-working people who want to change the world and have the courage in their convictions, Interesting roles and stimulating jobs, Opportunity to continuously learn and grow, Part of a dynamic industry, Positive culture which is open to changing with the times, strong leadership especially CEO who give employees their trust, Fun workplace, respect for proactivity
Techlogies used are very good.
salary, benefits, reputation, tech industry, etc,
Big company with scale that offers many benefits. Leading the software business in many aspects and is present on any computer. Clear mobile first cloud first strategy under new CEO..
great place to work and the values company carries is what influence you in your life
Great working experience. Opportunity for growth
Salary, Management, a lot of job, possibility to distance work
Employees in MS are very talented.
Excellent work ethic Work Life balance
Flexibility on deciding your deliverables. Awesome campus: cricket, tennis, basket ball, beach volly, volly, football grounds in campus. Lot of facilities: cab service, medical, gym, free snacks cold-drinks milk fruits and packed juices. Intelligent people around.
Great brand is a cool positive to go for in Microsoft.
takes care of its employees
Good Company Facilities like snack etc
- Great people - Casual Environment
Good Company Facilities like snack etc
I've been with Microsoft over 25 years so I am going to perhaps demonstrate some bias. I've worked in Australia, UK and now Singapore, all as a result of finding roles to grow and develop in the company. So great experience there. Recently since the Satya era, the companies agility has notably improved as its moved on from the Windows only legacy.
U get the chance to work with the best of the brains. Very Smart and Cool place to work on latest technologies. Good work life balance
Fantastic company culture. Benefits include full access of full drink fridge, full kitchen plus monthly Costco runs, and monthly paid meetings/outings.
easy to get in the door on a sales call
Amazing Culture, People Centric Company
best company to work with
Perks, benefits, career, impact, and autonomy
Company culture is good. It treats employess very well. Full environment is cool and flexible.
Lots of Technology to work and learn
Global talent pool, well resourced, dynamic product development
Pretty relaxed life with flexible timings
- Good Perks -Learning - Lots of exposure
had perks with OS / services
Wide spectrum of disciplines and technologies
great colleagues and flexible schedule
worldwide exposure, high level working environment, good benefits
competitive salary great people pretty good work life balance
1. Pay and Benefits and very good as per experience 2. You get to work with nice intelligent people to help you learn and grow 3. The campus is very good and the outings/parties are cherry on top
Incredible source of information and fantastic co-workers!
- Nice office - Good compensation - Smart collegues
its a great company to work,awsome people with best talent in one word awesome,marvellous
Great Work Environment Colleagues Very Helpful
You will find the projects very interesting and have high potential. People there are internationally competent. Free Drinks and fruits will make your work more enjoyable.
Great Salary, Amazing Opportunities & great learning
Nice Company to Work with Good Culture, Freedom to Work
Great company to work for. amazing people.
Great work culture and nice offices
- possibilities to learn, grow and expand your horizons are limited only by your desire to do so - direct managers are generally amazing people, very understanding, and hugely helpful - work/life balance is top notch, the days might be stressful, but if your shift ends at 18:00, you're out the door by 18:01 and have no responsibility, moral or otherwise, to stay after work (and will not receive compensation for overtime)
- Great people to work with - Interesting projects - Decent salary
Really brilliant people, still growing and new CEO is amazing!
There are a lot of challenges where you can contribute personally and you can also work and learn with top edge products and technology.
Interesting working environment with challenges and opportunities to learn and grow. Great people from all around the world.
Global foot print Great Momentum with new technologies emerging and a trusted CEO Great values
Great learning opportunities, so so perks
Company has a flat management structure and fair policies
Work life balance is good
IT's Microsoft what else
Good benefit, above average pay
Good exposure to customers and sittuations
You get to learn a lot fast, money is decent, offices are nice
Get many benfits really a good company to work for peaople are cooperative and helpful learn a lot about new technologies flexible work hours .
Good environment and supporting team
Flexibility and great working culture
Friendly workplace Dedicated management team Consistent professionalism Excellent pay and benefits High quality standards Free breakfast and lunch Lots of room for advancement
challenging environment, good benefits, great people
Inovation and market leader makes someone proud of being part of such organization
The great thing about working for Microsoft is that the work you do touches millions of lives and can have high impact. But of course you can never do it alone. You are a part of a team that's a part of a bigger team and so on and so forth and at the end of the day you are just a tiny cog in a huge machine.
work-life balance is good , flat structure , great premises
Good corp culture, good working environment
Talented, friendly colleagues. Exciting to be in a company at the cutting-edge of technology. Positive changes in the culture, innovation being supported more. Lots of different potential career paths out there.
Inovation and market leader makes someone proud of being part of such organization
Worked for 5+ years. Work environment is good. Pay is good. Salary hike is good, any thing from 4 to 20%. Bonus is good. Lots of extra facilities. really a lot
Great outline, great focus, great people, company got a right focus and inovates really good. Great reputation with clients.
Good corp culture, good working environment
Good environment, passionate people, good opportunities
Lots of opportunities to move around within the company, and lots of different roles to select from given then size of the company.
Excellent company to work with
Great experience Learnt lot of things
good culture and work environment flexibility abundant growth opportunities
You do not have to work . In any case they will not appreciate your skills other than revenue landed
It is a good company that invest on people, grow leaders.
1. Salary is pretty good 2. Much Resources
I like the diversity in the company. You can express your thoughts openly. Also the work life balance is good. You can feel being respected working here.
Microsoft is a company where you can find the best in yourself work wise and in many situations be provided with the flexibility to do your role where ever works best for you. Being at the company today is exciting if you like change and growth.
Good salary bonus and stocks
Great company to work.
Working hours flexibility Global impact You can work on really big projects Vacation flexibility
Good work life balance and you will be updated with the technology and changing trends
Prestigious job, proud to work here
Most people are nice and willing to help others.
Good benefits and salary, very accommodating with regard to work hours. Overall most of the people I worked with were good intelligent engineer.
Lots of smart people Do work that impacts a lot of people
Gadgets and cool products to use that. Some people are really geeky and nerdy and know a lot. There s not limit to what you can achieve as the company does everything.
- Good work life balance specially in MS IT division - Great benefits like insurance and stock options - Great infrastructure - Good exposure to latest technologies. You get to work with almost latest build of any product being produced by Microsoft. - If you need any hardware like IoT devices for new aspirations your manager can support you like anything.
This is not your grandma Microsoft. Or mb this is exactly your grandma Microsoft in terms of spirit and bold ambitions just the same strength as "PC in every home" was.
Good community in which to get a first idea of corporate tech culture and make contacts.
its amazing! good experience! awesome people. celebrities. everyone is smart
Huge learning path, develop professional skills and cross team collaboration.
i hava always a wonderful time
flexibility, result oriented, clear matrix, always strive for the best, innovative company, people is the most important asset, clear vision, strong brand
its amazing! good experience! awesome people. celebrities. everyone is smart
great company and cool tech
Benefits are ok and work challenging. Microsoft has good learning opportunities and many career paths. In many areas you have a possibility to work with the best.
Very good benefits in terms of salary, health insurance, sports allowance, possibility to work at home...
good work, good policies, great opputunities in work as well as outside work , great people
- Career opportunities - Abundance of things to learn from IT/software. You get to be in the forefront of technology. - Good perks, like office drinks, company events etc.
Work/Life balance, benefits, compensation, good projects, interesting technology
Good work-personal life balance and flexibility, I can work from home whenever I need it, very good benefits: breakfast, beverages, health insurance for my family as well, sports benefits,good payment. Good managerial culture, as well as people-centric organization. The environment is very relaxed and diverse.
Good benefits .Good WLB. Good campus
The company encourages mobile office, which enables employees a better work-life balance.
resource to learn tech and communication
Great company with innovation and people focus.
because it is not only compant to work it is a University
Great Team to work with Great Management Fun enrolment Free Drinks Awesome Benifits
it's a international company which provided really open and comfortable working atmosphere. Good balance for working and life.
Good company to work. Work life balance good. Lot of stuff to learn.
It is a company that has lots of employee benefits and an interesting compensation model, interesting genuinely in employee well-being.
Great opportunities and exposure to big things
You get your own projects, the user research team are friendly and very supportive, great location, my boss was fantastic.
Easy to find nice professional, free culture, flexable working hours
Great brand, people - skills & experience and diverse product, category portfolio.
Benefits and it stops there
Good work culture and atmosphere, a wide range of never ending learning opportunities, decent benefits and overall satisfying work.
there are still people who are passionate about technology and you can learn a lot in this company
good compensation good benefits - training, phones, internet, gym, on-site health care, fitness, etc working with smart people in an international environment
lots of scale of operations different areas to get involved in good staff and mangers who understand business lots of processes
- Good opportunities to learn and grow - Good work life balance - No Micromanagement - Diverse environment
Brand name, good salary, work from home facilities, good medical reimbursement, free transport to/from home, decent work-life balance
Great responsibility for an intern.
- Good opportunities to learn and grow - Good work life balance - No Micromanagement - Diverse environment
nice workers & promising career & cool leader
I was joined through start-up acquisition at the first place. I wouldn't think I could get into this org without those acquisition as it seems very tough to get in but once you are in, company take good care of employees I think. Salary is good and there are many skill-up program I could take.
Great people and great learning environment
Microsoft is a great company to work for, however there is a big difference between working directly for Microsoft and through a vendor.
Great benefits (salary, health, etc)
You can work from home when you want
Great company with excellent staff benefits and a caring familial atmosphere - HR really doesn't consider you as mere cogs in a machine
I was working at the Cambridge Research Lab. Very smart people and great environment for doing research. Salary is competitive.
Good friendly team of people working around you with barious diffrent skill sets and always help when you need it
- Relaxed hours - Interesting projects - Dynamic teams
Great office, amazing colleagues, nice work/life balance, great learning opportunities
flexibility and great co-workers, great learning opportunities
Great projects and well organized company
Culture and people at the company are amazing. You get the opportunity to work with different technologies. Love the company
Microsoft is well-organized company, anybody has chance to learn, chance to develop his knowledge, chance to meet people, to earn, to travel and etc. Microsoft is unique company with the best employees, who has best knowledge in computer sciences.
Amazing values and people culture. Inspiring leadership by Nadela.
Work/ life balance, corporate values, decent salary, a certain degree of autonomy in what you do, learning and training opportunities
Very good working as a team very friendly place to work hours are competitive helpful in every way all staff are friendly
good environment to work with
great work environment, fast paced, many growth opportunities
Base salary, benefits, smart people. People forget when they stay too long but this company takes care of you and people clearly matters.
Great spectrum of products and opportunities
Good learning and culture is good
company on the move up. So many opportunities for other roles if you are working in the US. Pay was good, very competitive.
Getting to work on Latest Technologies
Dynamic Company, amazing people and challenging work
I have lots of effective ideas which trying to help all people,specially to google.I think it works really amazing
Open, respectful, innovative and with great people
- Always state-of-the-art technology - Work conditions such as benefits, bonuses, stock purchase plan, health care, snacks, car, park spot etc - Salary above the market average - Opportunity to learn so much, access to the expert on each technologies
Good working environment on campus with great facilities.
very good to start of with but then it was excellent
A great company that encourages career and personal growth
Paid reasonably. Kept busy with work. The full time employees were generally smart and capable people. Not the most international in outlook but still above average.
People are geniuses , you can learn a lot from them. Very interesting work. Highly developed. Large company that emphasizes technological progress. Excellent location
- Organization full of talented professionals - Fast paced and willingness to learn and change - Opportunities to work across very different projects, roles and scope - Some very innovative products setting new standards for the industry - Ability to implement new ideas - Great resources to drive impact and a truly international company
Opportunity to learn lot of technologies
Access to newly released Windows or Office
Trusts the employees Flexible work timings that allows the individuals to showcase their best. Very easy to communicate with senior management Huge opportunity for a lateral career move Its not just work here... Fun at work plays an important role. Respect for fellow employees - have not seen this level of respect in any other organization, not just the employees but their families are valued to the same extent.
Coworkers are friendly Work environment can be very positive at the absence of some really negative Managers
Excellent team, good compensation and benefits
-- Best place to work for -- You are surrounded with really smart people which increases your smartness as well. -- Best salary and perks -- Good salary increment year on year
Competitive Comp & Ben (25 days holidays, stock award, onsite gym etc.). Fuel Your Everything wellness service. Company is heading in a great dircetion under Satya's leaderhips, a lot of investment and innovation around staff wellness, learning and development etc.
Great place to work if you are a techno fanatic.
Lots of possibilities and options to grow, but most of the good opportunities are in Redmond
all up package is good
You work with very smart people.
Whatever people say about Microsoft - is so not true. its a great company, a great place to work. The people are smart, dedicated and very professional. Microsoft follows the rules, focuses on customer, and has a perfectionist attitude in everything they do. If you're only looking for enjoyment - dont join. If you're looking for a great place to work, learn, collaborate, re-invent, promote and earn - definitely give it a shot.
Good working environment, Friendly people, Well organized training
Good Salary, Benefits. Fantastic culture!!
Whatever people say about Microsoft - is so not true. its a great company, a great place to work. The people are smart, dedicated and very professional. Microsoft follows the rules, focuses on customer, and has a perfectionist attitude in everything they do. If you're only looking for enjoyment - dont join. If you're looking for a great place to work, learn, collaborate, re-invent, promote and earn - definitely give it a shot.
Flexi-work hour, work life balance, smart colleagues, good technology and infrastructure with decent pay outs. Sucking up brings you around. That is about it.
People Culture Overall Benefits like sports facilities in IDC
Flexibility, work life balance, great brand on the cv and can open a lot of doors for trh future
Industry leader, amazing people and outstanding employee policies
big company with good working conditions and benefits
work and life experience is good
Microsoft Research India has a very collegial atmosphere. The employees are very smart people who love what they do and are passionate about their research. They are also very friendly, approachable and helpful.
Good and interesting work, good work and life balance, incrediable facilities, good benefit
Great place to work, especially for younger employees. Good amount of responsibility provided and a fantastic remuneration package. Also good for candid and regular feedback which is pivotal in the beginning of everyone's career. Would definitely recommend applying.
Working with great people on transformational projects Great Brand Name Pay/Benefits best in class
It's a Global technology leader and difine trends.
The work itself is very flexible giving you the ability to manage your own time
One of the biggest organizations in the world. Good team dynamics, good benefits. Opportunities to meet new cultures and work in a global environment. You have all the right resources to be successful.
Good work-life balance, good comp
flexibility, energetic environment, good colleagues
Good perks, nice offices, smart people.
Good perks, projects and people
Great company to work for, good work-life balance. Great access to technical material and excellent communities to support your work.
Very professional and go get it done attitude
Nice, cool, friendly, fun, tech
Decent Salary Friendly team members Good work/life balance
Relocation benefits are just awesome. Food is also good.
lots of opportunity to continue learning and improving skills
good salary and good facilities
You can hop onto any technical area that you want to work in.
Good benefits and office environment. Easy to learn if you are motivated since plenty of opportunities are there for gaining experience.
Colleagues are talent. You get good practice here.
Great values, great environment, great opportunities
Great opportunities for those that are driven and patient.
Great opportunities for those that are driven and patient.
very collaborative environment and great perks
Forward thinking & innovative. Satya is a great leader with an amazing vision.
The salary is high, especially as an intern. Fast paced working environment, very good exposure for the intern.
A great company that's transforming under new leadership
Great Employer. Competitive. Process Oriented. Good Pay masters.
Work-life balance, free to choice what project you want, easy to transfer to different groups
It is a whole tech industry inside a single company. Employees are free to try out diverse roles while their current jobs are still secure. The company employees some of the brightest minds in the industry and that improves the work culture thereby enabling individuals to work in a challenging environment. The company offers a lot of flexible benefits and takes good care of its employees.
Good brand and interesting work
High powered, No micro managing, free to leverage self driven analytics and rose. Learned something new everyday. Worked with a bunch of smart folks.
Great work & life balance
- Excellent pay (salary+bonus+stocks) - A lot of tech knowledge in the company. - A great opportunity for learning. - Nadella has done a great job taking down MS's walls to Open Source
carreer opporunities (easy to change from job, to move to another sub or to HQ in Seattle) room for creation and initiatives. lots of ways of improving competencies and professionnal qualities.
All the managers are really great. I see freshers are also highly motivated and owning the work they are doing.
Friendly and good travel opportunities
Tech leader, Cool innovations, Cloud focus
Good working envoirment and benefits for staff
Good teams, every people are awesome, very friendly.
Work/Life Balance. Talented people. Tons of resources. Lots of perks. Great campuses.
Exciting technology good package, flexible working
- Technology specific roles are always working with the latest and greatest software, there are always changes to look forward to from year to year - Always equipped with the latest MSFT OS and software - Hardware refresh cycle is 3 years, quick exceptions here and there, you are always provided with the right tools - Lateral career moves are encouraged and provide good upwards mobility - Compensation is good, in comparison with local IT vendors - Work life balance is easily manageable, working remotely is normal
Very good company to work for
One of the best company on earth
Nice location by the Thames with free bus into Reading town centre and train station which runs from something like 7 in the morning to 7 at night.
Unlimited Career Development and Opportunites
Very respectful leadership culture. Plenty of profits & vacations. Many interesting colleagues. Participate in products which can impact people's life.
Dynamics, fast paced environment, lots of potential and opportunity to learn and stretch muscle. Great company, coming back from the gutter. Amazing culture and great environment to grow, lot's of opportunities to advance
- Great benefits. - Great work environment. - Working on high scale products. - Working with very smart colleagues.
Competitive, good sallary, challenging. On the edge of the emerging technologies.
Great people, good office, and lots of training material
famouse company, edge technology, many technical trainings
Help every organisation to achieve more.
Good Training, Good environment, Good help to learn
You work with really smart solid people. Everyone is nice and they don't rush you with deadlines/features. Use modern MS tooling and technology for the most part. Very nice office and workspace, not over-crowded.
The environment is very good
healthy environment learning opportunities flexible working hours good salaries stability
Very nice work culture! and a true product company.
* Love the culture * Decent pay * Great work / life balance * Good and smart people
Challenging environment. Very good compensation package. Plenty of investment funds to grow the business. Going through the transformation from license sales to cloud consumption.
active, fun, enjoyable, active, fun
well organized, developed working process
Excellent workmates, good environment, work life balance, reasonable salary, opportunity to study
Was a very a good ecperience.great learning with the best mind s in the country
■ Working environment ■ Benefits ■ Technology exposure ■ In most cases good salaries
good pay package good culture good benefits
Very pozitive,sociable,punctual persone.Good memory. I’m efficient and highly organized. This enables me to be as productive as possible on the job. Also i am a perfectionist. I pay attention to all the details, and like to be sure that everything is just right.
Great benefits, interesting technology, good work atmosphere.
great work environment as well as working with like minded individuals. looks great on your resume
Nice environment to work
Great work environment, Great place to work and learn
One of the best places to work at!
Lots of focus on your career in this company
Nice environment to work
Microsoft is an awesome company full of nice people to work with, definetly an awesome company to work for ! Go for it.
Great work environment, Great place to work and learn
- Great corporate culture that is contagious
Great access to training resources. Great place to grow vertically.
Challenging and innovative environment. Great and rewarding to work with multiple experts Pioneer what comes for technology good working hours
Large pool of opportunities worldwide, giving a person the ability to move within the company reguarly while expanding their skillset and career.
It's a great environment to learn and grow with access to some of the best engineering minds in the software industry. Microsoft is often dismissed as a older company but it has some of the most difficult and exciting projects to work on
very good place to work, nice environment
Lots of opportunities across wide range of projects and products.
Good employer, ben and flexibility
It was a pretty ok experience. I guess it's like a normal software developer. Nice pay.
Good work life balance. Smart and friendly colleagues. Many teams doing different projects, where you can find and do the things / projects you want most.
Opportunity to work on different roles . Management encourages employees to apply for different roles within organization . Employee friendly policies
One of the best companies for professional development, especially technical ones. Limitless internal opportunities.
great, comfotable work space, great people.
The company is consisted of great team members. People are courage here and willing to support each other. Great work life balance.
A lot of learning in the company. A lot of opportunities to change roles
good salary, benefit, career development
Nice environment. Nice food and facilities. Smart team and people. Nice leaders. Great products.
Loads of benefits, good work life balance, great colleagues, good salary, nice offices, good cheap food, you will be able to travel the world
A lot of learning in the company. A lot of opportunities to change roles
Stable company, good pay, global setup
Work life is great. You need to work hard.
Challenging work, smart people, happy employees. Company takes very good care of the people
Company making very positive changes so its an exciting time to be there, generally lovely intelligent and friendly people. Excellent facilities and office spaces. Very good packages. Good opportunities to move role - physically/ career wise.
- Great place to shape up the career and learn various technologies in depth - Very good office space, ambience, well organized overall - Very good talent pool
Lot of pros. As have mentioned above
- Great place to shape up the career and learn various technologies in depth - Very good office space, ambience, well organized overall - Very good talent pool
Access to the latest and greatest technology made.
Microsoft is a home to some of the sharpest minds in the industry and you truly get to work with some of the best people in the industry. You also get to work on products which are making life more productive for millions and millions of people. So the product and people satisfaction is high.
great job opportunity, a chance to meet and learn from colleagues around the world, a big horizon expanding company
good experience. you get to meet with companies and discuss their problems. Then you can plan the best solution for them.
Good working culture and environment
You get quite lot of exposures to New Technologies/
manager facebook microsoft working washington d.c district of columbia
Microsoft is so diverese, you'll meet people across the world from different nations, religions, having different believes etc. It's very rewarding. There is loads of talent and you'll meet some of the smartest people ever. Company is in general very flexible - there is less importance on working hours, as long as your work is done, you can come and leave when you want. Loads of positions, loads of opportunities for learning and developing your skills.
Flexible schedule, 2 days a week working from home, good salary for a vendor position in Spain.
Excellent place to work for women. Very supportive of a family friendly lifestyle.
The pay is amazing for part-time retail, access to stocks and health benefits
Microsoft is so diverese, you'll meet people across the world from different nations, religions, having different believes etc. It's very rewarding. There is loads of talent and you'll meet some of the smartest people ever. Company is in general very flexible - there is less importance on working hours, as long as your work is done, you can come and leave when you want. Loads of positions, loads of opportunities for learning and developing your skills.
Relevance of products to customers, saw lots of potential, some great people.
You feel like the company cares about you doing your best work and your continued development as an employee. The perks aren't the best in the world but they're certainly up there!
Good customers base Good finance Very good image
Challenging environment , interesting work, great teams all around you. Flexible time. Excellent work culture, beautiful campus. Get to learn many things
great work-life balance and promoting people
Holidays to spend with children
You are given every freedom to perform. It is you who had to drive things at work and finish allowing lots of creativity to showcase.
Good technical staff and benefits
management, marketing, sales, finance and etc
great people great environment happy to work there
Health Benefits, flexible hours, work from home
good office good meal good seats
- Some people who don't care about changing things and are ok with the antagonistic, competitive culture view this as a safe job for many years to come that offers security and some good benefits
Flexible working environment. Lots of opportunity
You learn everyday here. Challenging environment will collaborative peers and supportive teams all around you.
- Empowering Environment  - Big loads, big experiences  - High profile networking
Awesome peer talent and top employee benefits.
Good Compensation, benefits which other companies might not be able to offer
Global reach and dynamic environment
* great cloud offering * great sales team setup * good product+good seller=quota exceeded ,) * fnatastic trainings / work setup
Flexible work hours. Great benefits, compensation and share option.
Lots to learn Amazing technology to you get to see and use early Good people
great people and intelligent team mates
Good working enviroment. Supports your flexible work style in many various ways. Great employee benefit.
Innovative Great balance of work and life Flexible time
Flexibility, workife balance (as long as you manage it yourself), benefits (family healthcare plans)
Excellent customer penetration. leader technology company
Innovative Great balance of work and life Flexible time
Salary, benefits, people, facilities, and current company direction & leadership, positive change in company culture due to new performance management approach.
- Stimulating environment - Chance to interact with top-notch customers - Great benefits
Big company, good benefits, good technical knowledge
Excellent work culture in the company
- Global player - Salery package: Salery, annuity assurance, assurances, stocks ...
Good work culture. Join if you get opportunity
It can be like heaven, if you are a developer or successful salesman
Flexibility, continuous dynamisme, creativity, innovative
Big company and products in general
Big company and products in general
I want kick start my career in microsoft.it's my dream.
Mobility, values, package, career, diversity
Great technology and a wide and relatively happy customer base.
Great Company. I have learned a lot during my staying there.
Overall, great people that are always aiming to achieve the number one place. High standards of professionalism and passion for 'making the right thing' among individual contributors. Great place to 'learn from others'. Lots of possibilities to move within the company.
Working with very smart and famous people
Great creativity environment. Very dynamic company. Amazing products. Company is very well managed. Very good collaborative environment.
Fantastic food, and culture, tt tables, foosball
Great benefits, amazing products and challenging work
Work life balance! I don't need to do almost anything. I go to work at 11am, leave at 3pm, spending most of the time doing my own stuff. If you want to get retired, Welcome to Microsoft!
goog place to kork I ilke Ms
Good Learning all around every time.
You will have access to some of the coolest technologies available on the planet. Great work environment a lot of effort is put into work/life balance. Educational, learning and career opportunities are probably one of the really best inside many of the companies I've been working for.
Microsoft is a supportive place that encourages creativity and independent thinking. Many opportunities across different roles.
Microsoft is a great employer when it comes to looking after its employees. There are many benefits for working there. Offices are very modern and personal benefits give an extra incentive to do your job well. Promotional opportunities are good generally if one becomes visible as much as possible in the organisation. The company also encourages working from home and this in general increases productivity.
Exciting growth and expansion. Great products.
Fantastic place to work. A lot of opportunities. Ability to change the direction after the time inside the company. Ability to work with latest technologies and ability to create the future
Well paid. Management appreciates good work.
Worked during the Microsoft Sale accreditation program. It was thoroughly sorted to work with them unlike other companies.
Facilities, Access for latest HW/SW tools.
Very professional process especially in software development.
new culture, no stacked performance review, you are defined based on your impact and success stories and other's feedbacks
Great place to work, excellent employee benefit plans, comparable salary, competitive work atmosphere
Fantastic place to work. A lot of opportunities. Ability to change the direction after the time inside the company. Ability to work with latest technologies and ability to create the future
Nice environment, nice co-workers, westernized culture even in foreign branch
amazing people, work life balance, state of the art tech, possibility to learn every day something new
Amazing offices and picturesque location in the middle of a scenic business park. Some decent colleagues.
Get chance to work on different products. Great work culture. Lot of development work happens in India. Quality of work is very good. Very employee friendly.
I have had a great time working under him. He was focused and to the point manager with excellent knowledge in his field.
Good career opportunity. Bonus give amount.
I have had a great time working under him. He was focused and to the point manager with excellent knowledge in his field.
Great people, exciting opportunities, fun environment
Good employees fun to work with happy to have worked with them great pay and awesome boss happy to be around
Good hardware, nice colleagues, some very interesting projects with high impact.
Good tech, broad business, smart people
free food, nice mentor, and make a lot of friends!
Company mission is really inspiring - you have a real purpose !
Good work environment and flexible work timing
Many opportunities, learning, flexibility, ...
Many opportunities, learning, flexibility, ...
Reasonable salary and brand value. International presence. Old company whose name is popular.
Full attention to employee benefits and freedom of expression
solution oriented on on on
Very qualified and professional technical and consulting staff. Good compensation pack.
Great work environment. Very well structured and process oriented corporation. Very people oriented. Recently strived to the right cloud direction.
it's a good place to start one's career
(Still) many opportunities here - you just need to be smart enough / be networked good enough to realize and jump on them. Can be challenging given the scale of MSFT though... 😏
I love Microsoft, the more I work hard the more I can develop my skill and update my career.
It was good working for the company. good projects
Tons of money Opportunities to grow. Although limited, opportunities to learn and take courses from Uni of Washington etc. People are generally friendly. Constant feedback.
Open, flexible, rewarding, kind, interesting
Great access to first party data
Satya Nadela has done an amazing job of turning the business around.
Brilliant products, lots of smart, technically gifted people. Competitive compensation pack and a will from top management to renew the company.
I inovate to see microsoft technology like microsoft lumia,surface and most like for windows 10
Company is all good. And it is all about being you good.
Excellent company to work for
Great work-life balance, One of the best places to work
Benefits and stock are very good. Training programs are very good with opportunity to travel. Mentor program opens up roles across the business.
Benefits and stock are very good. Training programs are very good with opportunity to travel. Mentor program opens up roles across the business.
The last team I worked with was very new, excited and agile. Product was fresh and enthusiasm was amazing. Managers were smart, really smart and did a great job of balancing their vision for the product with my interest and capabilities.
good company to work.All good review
It is a professional environment and I really enjoyed working there.
Microsoft is an amazing place to work. specially the cloud. Things keep changing and you keep learning.
Very challenging, always at the cutting edge, and most important, great people!
Awesome prestige. All your friends will envy you. Awesome salary. Just wow. Awesome benefits. Awesome challenges
Good pay, flexible work hours
Opportunity to work with very smart people, develop products that impact the life of millions and great benefits.
Great learning and benefits. Some travel could make your business and personal network bigger.
Great place to work and amazing talent pool
Work life balance is excellent, nice and decent people.
great office. it all depends on who your boss is. contractors are not treated as equal as fte
Awesome people friendly company. Lot of benefits along with challenges and opportunities to grow and achieve in your career. You get to learn everyday.
Remuneration, flexibility, friendly, services, benefits
good benefits for interns were given like hotel stay
The working environment was very nurturing and managers are quick to encourage you to pursue connections with other departments/projects. In smaller teams they throw you into the deep end, but with dynamic and highly intelligent colleagues you can get over the steep learning curve. Highly recommended internship experience.
Salary, accountability, work from home flexibility
good environment, friendly coworkers, overall good work pace
Lots of learning , perks
good salary and good people
good career path and good technical deep good perks good work life of balance
Very intense & dynamic, international environment, lots of career opportunities, great senior leaders
Challenging tasks, driving technology, excellent community, learning possibilities
Very open and friendly environment which increases productivity and let's you collaborate in a better way in a world leading company in terms of technology
Pay and benefits are good - esp. if you negotiate well Good work-life balance Career development & training are good Depending on your team - highly flexible working Casual / informal working environment - can be huge amounts of fun The people are (on the whole) really great - you will work with likeable people (In the UK at least) a truly diverse employer that really takes protecting its employees seriously International business often with opportunities to travel Extraordinary flexibility to move within the organisation to different disciplines and learn new skills Depending on your team and boss real opportunities to take on big responsibilities and work on great products
Fantastic place to work, I had few managers throughout my time in the company and always got really decent support. I could developed in a role and obtain new skills. My contribution was important.
Great new CEO. Superb opportunity to learn about business and broad IT scenarios. Culturally it is a great place to be, relaxed, but professional. Customers ALWAYS say yes to a meeting with Microsoft, the door is open. Microsoft are at an exciting time in their history, great innovation coming and the products are just getting better and better.
Very challenging environment Learn new technologies
Intelligent people, great flexibility, interesting work
Awesome Company to work for. Tons to lean
good team and work enviroment
Great company with fantastic smart people across the world. It's trying to embrace a modern style that allows growth. Great benefits, flexible working environment, lots of smart people.
Excellent work environment, opportunity for growth, good salary, work life balance, employee is being appreciated and they focus on the learning process of each employee.
good company to work for. recommend
good place to learn troubleshooting and debugging techniques
they pay awesome an dhave good facilites
Compensation is very good. In fact, it is way better than what my friends are drawing at Google (One of the reasons for Google's lower compensation is that in most cases, Google under-hires. At least, it is true for lateral-hires at Hyderabad). Work life balance is great and everyone seems to respect your life beyond work. The work is not bad, and it's not rocket science either. There's a new enthusiasm in the company since Satya has become the CEO. There are plenty of career opportunities and it's very easy to switch teams.
All you can think of , hardware software and equipment
Wonderful team, full of vibrant attitudes and colorful personalities. Challenge-driven and knows how to have fun.
truly international environment, opportunities to develop in international career, opportunities to work remotely and with flexible hours, helpful for work-life balance
Benefits good, covering personal exercising and educational training. Medical insurance wonderful, covering yourself and some of your family members. Spacious work space. Not very busy work.
Good work life balance Not very pressure to produce results
-Teamwork -Friendly atmosphere -Team leaders are supportive
Work environment, Benefits (salary & facility)
This is a good place culture wise .Good for sales personnel not good for senior technologists
Excellent management team Easy going Great working environment
nice campus and great benefits
- one get rewarded for individual performance - good stock award - good bonuses
Good Work Life balance and career Growth Opportunities
good for the salary and bonuses
You're behind a tremendous brand and corporate muscle, a global brand that opens doors almost instantly when you say you work at Microsoft.
good work life balance, opportunities for growth,
- Great work culture - Among the best paid jobs
Great team to work with, some free product and msdn membership. Great benefits combined with good pay.
Freedom to take up side projects. Excellent treatment of employees
Lots of friendly people, good working environment, etc
Relaxed place to work and nice people, good pay and activities. Lots of opprtunity there.
Team 200x was amazing, very talented people and lots of training opportunities, interesting projects.
Lovely work culture, people care about you. Pays well and you do great work which might change the world
Working at Microsoft has great positioning, the compensation is very competitive in the technology industry, the additional benefits are very interesting, and PFEs also get to travel.
Good place to learn Excellent work environment Excellent company benefits
It’s was a good career development and move, rich in learning and experience, and the best time in work experience. Every experience in life is a lesson in its own way. I enjoyed every moment at Microsoft.
Many. Lot of benefits and career growth path. Wonderful management and some very smart ppl to work with
Cozzy and tech, nice office
Good employer. Strong benefits at the top end of the range of a US tech multinational
Relaxed place to work and nice people, good pay and activities. Lots of opprtunity there.
Great company to work with. You can really learn a lot if you try hard enough
Opportunity to work with among the best in IT, flexible work arrangements, great salary and benefits, learning & growth opportunities.
Fantastic environment for creative smart people
- excited challenges, good opportunity of learning, work with talented people.
team culture, work life balance
Good Work Culture Good Benefits Employee Centric Career Counselling Competitive
People at Microsoft are it's biggest asset. The team and manager were encouraging and helpful. Also, work culture is great and flexible.
Excellent place to work, excellent work life balance
Broad experience in various sectors of the company. Amazing networking and development opportunities
Good work culture, good compensation
nice staff, good food and environment. looking forward to working here for many years to come
Talented and smart people. You get to design and develop products which have a big impact, from thousands to millions or users.
Great place to earn good Money
Awesome work culture, great relevant work to data science, free food and lots more.
Travel, good salary, good career progression opportunities
Good work culture, good compensation
Having worked in both Redmond and APJ, I can say that the culture in Redmond is much better. More training, more competent people, less eager to trample you on their way up, and work-life balance in Redmond is just better.
Talented and smart people. You get to design and develop products which have a big impact, from thousands to millions or users.
Very focused, teamwork, great place to work
salary, high end technology, great environment
Learn a lot, lots of patience from senior devs and you get a cool project to work on.
1. Excellent pay and bonus 2. Flexible work time 3. Encouragement to grow internally
Great pay if you could negotiate Good brand name Inn your resume Good Benefits
- Flexible hours - Great benefits
Development options, nice place to work and atmosphere
It is a challenging work place, where everybody is giving its best. You get to work remote or from the office.
Good company. Many good perks. Working from home and good team.
Microsoft has the best management team and very professional petsonnels. To me Microsoft is the best among the best. Excellency and persecerance is their key.
Nice place to work if you like that sort of thing
You get to learn from some amazing people and the impact that your role creates is just awesome. The work place is buzz'ed with passion!
Great Place To Work With. Employee Oriented Company.
Amazing if you love software and technology Great working environment Great people Interesting to be part of a successful, global brand Working hard to change under new CEO
Great environment, flexibility and location.
In most of the divisions, its about the work life balance.
Fantastic benefits, wonderful people, podssibilities to grow
good environment high salary      "Work-life balance is what you make it, always been fine for me" (in 859 reviews)      "You will work with some incredibly smart people"
you will learn at lot about microsoft products
1. Work environment is good
Nice offices, good selection of free food, very considerate in regard to business travel - accommodation, transport, safety, all good. Competitive salaries. Training opportunities - average.
very interesting work in a company that is doing fantastic technical development. the current and upcoming technology is leading in this field.
Largest SW company in the world. If you like Microsoft as a brand and Microsoft products come here and make those products even berret. There are huge number of open postisions internally abroad so if you wan't move on your career it's up to you.
Freedom of inner transfer. As a new hire, you can even be allowed to change groups.
Good name to have on resume
Career development is top notch. You can transfer between roles or move to different teams throughout your career to try out different areas. Paternity and Maternity benefits are improving.
Good Branding, Good CEO with the right ideas and steering the company's direction. Getting to use all the best productivity software that the company makes. Decent benefits for employees in Asia comparatively to similar companies in the region.
Great organization to work for
Microsoft is an inspiring and motivated environment in which to build on valuable skills and extend my own personal interests.
gain more knowledge and good environment
Great place to work, good environment
Best Tech Company to work with and grow your career with. Various opportunities if you have a will to invest your time and energy.
Good pay package Respect Facilities Employee friendly policy Technical growth
best life ever i mean 9 lakhs per anum plus subsidaries what else do you want
Work was good and interesting Work culture was nice and helpful Lot of incentives like outings, parties, etc were held for the employees.
Some great people to work with.
The salary is good, better than most companies. But that comes at a cost! Don't kid yourself, there's no work-life balance. they say you'll travel up to 70%, but that's a joke. You'll be lucky if you're ever home.
best for persons who wish to have good work life balance
Very friendly and high scope for learning.
Great Team - I could easily connect with the team members and everybody would help
Great working environment and nice to work here
Very Smart people to work with.
- Good Facilities - Good Office Environment. - Good Brand - Working time flexible.
Great teaming...great salary...good people...great culture
Innovation, ability to make an impact, work with great people, excellent benefits, intercompany career mobility, challenging environment that brings the best out of you.
Amazing growth opportunities Free gym and cupcakes
Good work life balance with ample flexibility. The organisations respects every individual and trusts them from day one, unless one screws it themselves. Good pay scale compared to other IT companies and on par with product based companies. Global work culture with good benefits and leaves.
Good work life balance with ample flexibility. The organisations respects every individual and trusts them from day one, unless one screws it themselves. Good pay scale compared to other IT companies and on par with product based companies. Global work culture with good benefits and leaves.
Benefits, brand, people, location/campus. Satya is shaking things up for the better. Some really cool products
Great corporate culture and rather falt management for such a big organization. I could get a deep dive into the strategy and that led me to work on various different subjects. The management really made me feel I was part of the team. Feedback and direct interaction is key, almost always in a good atmosphere. Awesome benefits.
Flexibility, Empowerment, Respect, Innovation, Work and Life Balance, Opportunities to grow, investment in readiness and training, investment in talent, opportunity to work with other cultures
Super exciting work at top level. Intelligent people
Great company to have on your CV Good skills development
Good work culture, opportunities to grow in same org, helpful people, xbox room and badminton court, windows phone and tablets gifted to employees
Career consolidation. Market Experience Technological side of business Business Trends Learning in change
Great corporate culture and rather falt management for such a big organization. I could get a deep dive into the strategy and that led me to work on various different subjects. The management really made me feel I was part of the team. Feedback and direct interaction is key, almost always in a good atmosphere. Awesome benefits.
Flexibility Competitive pay Good perks Nice culture Wide variety of teams
Great opportunities, great staff, the work is interesting and challenging, would have loved to stay a lot longer
Good work culture, opportunities to grow in same org, helpful people, xbox room and badminton court, windows phone and tablets gifted to employees
Career consolidation. Market Experience Technological side of business Business Trends Learning in change
Wonderful co-workers, good environment, it's good place to learn, share and make friends. Many good lectures given by professors from all over the world
The real opportunity to change the world for better Great enterprise customer entry Great products (now) Great senior leadership (now) Working flexibility & style
Fancy name in your CV Flexible working hours You can be on home office as much as you want No overtime
best work environment good people smart colleagues
It's a very nice place to start my place. People are nice to new hire even though you are fresh to everything.
Excellent place to work, smart people.
Good benefits (bonus and stock every year unless you do something really bad) Salary is good but not the best in the market. Anyway other benefits make it better.
Excellent people, interesting and challenging work, a friendly atmoshere. The company constantly offers you an opprtunity to learn new business and technology.
great atmosphere, good people and good compensation.
Innovative work environment, strong workforce, flexible times, freedom to innovate things...
Cutting edge HR practices (flexible work, diversity, employee trust) Real focus on employee development
connected to the hive-mind global products
* I loved my team, they helped my grow and learn as an intern * Get to experience lots of different aspect of the program management roll
Great company culture, globally. Everything follows a process, which is logical and gets improved with time. Access to the unlimited resources including own technologies Brand itself
Very innovative. Top of the line technology
Excellent company where you will find very talented and open-minded people.
- Competitive salary and benefit package - Free fruit - Very nice and smart colleagues - Ability to use some Open Source software like jQuery and knockout - The idea of volunteering is nice
learn a lot. salary is good. ppl are nice and tech strong. office is good.
you get exposure to a lot of technologies.
An absolutely very Good Business
The biggest software company in the world
Get to work with some of the best minds in the world
Good package, smart people, interesting jobs and technologies. You Can work home if You need. Plenty of ressources to leverage.
Good company for campus hire. There's a culture to help everyone's growth. The new CEO provides a promising vision and opportunity for the company.
- A well established with huge customer base -Packge is very good
global exposure, good compensations, diversity
Good pay and rich benefits, nice workenvironment, smart people,
Great Company, fab cplleagues, great reputation
Working with best minds. Benefits, Training.
- Empowerment to employees - Living the company values - Investment in Employee development - Great products
- Pride of working at Microsoft - Gets chance to work on new and emerging Microsoft technologies - Work with great minds in industry
Good work culture. nice environment
Good benefits for employees. Good work environment.
Great company/environment when I started, very collaborative and partner/customer focused.
Good to learn via challenges
Good pay fun environment and good people enjoy my job and I love all the friends I made here at Microsoft
- Empowerment to employees - Living the company values - Investment in Employee development - Great products
Working in Microsoft, one is exposed to a diverse group of folks with different backgrounds and experiences. The company offers a degree of flexibility in work arrangement, which is beneficial to a mature workforce. There is large emphasis on impact of deliverables and how it is achieved.
Microsoft are truly going through a transformation! It's a great time to be a part of it and you can really feel it across the organisation
Nothing apart from a cool campus where you don't have time at all
great work had a good time
Microsoft is a great place to be, for its work culture, diversity and quality of work.
Azure is hot department these days.
Microsoft is a very good place to work, the cafeteria has provide different and delicious food everyday. People there are nice and there are many activities there for you to choose. The life is good there.
It has a nice working environment. People are helpful and supportive.
You truly have the power to change the world.
Nice and Good environment to work
Working with truly big datasets and ability to use advanced techniques Cutting edge database/stats tools Relaxed environment with no deadlines and pressure
Good managers, good environment, knowledge
Amazing colleagues, environment, culture. Regular performance reviews, fair pay rise, great salary package and career growth opportunities. Totally enjoyed my work there.
People, technology, teamwork, flexibility work from home
Good bosses, environment. I had a good time here.
Really great company to work for.
continuous innovation in organization movement to cloud is taking momentum
- Good compensation and salary - plenty of resources and access to knowledge or understanding the industry trend - people in general are collaborative, everything has process - Satya is bringing fresh air in, good luck and still need lots of house cleaning
Great people great work environment!
Work / Life balance is taken seriously with investments in career progression and personal development. Great benefits package including onsite medical, child and health facilities.
Good and challenging work, with a lot of flexibility to change teams.
Impacting People and Business Innovation Legal Maturity Sales Process Training Cloud Salary Commission Established Brand People celebrated Enterprise Agreement Licensing Creativity
It's a friendly company with exciting products and the sense of pride in what the company offers can be felt at all levels of the organisation. Employees are treated like grown ups - there is no presenteeism culture.
Nice environment and good benefits.
Good salary, very good benefits, excepcional flexibility, you can make your own decissions
Excellent company benefits, such as bonuses, share opportunities, innovative and dynamic working environment.
bcos it's amazing and there is interesting work for me
work life balance - good exposure
Flex working hours , good perks , good office , decent work. More oriented towards result . Moving to US is major advantage
Very flexible, fun changing role
No Micro Managerment, Global Company with opportunity to re-locate, Diversity in roles, business types (incubation - mature business), change of leadership and renewed energy.
Very good company, flexible work style. Best company to work for.
Many things to learn, many opportunities developing people. Microsoft was a great experience.
Brand name and an opportunity to work cutting edge technologies at a large scale.
Awesome place to be. Very smart people. Proud to work at Microsoft.
Big International Company experience, interesting IT projects, good internal readiness system (online trainings)
Good work life balance, good benefits, home working.
Great company forward thinking lot of talented staff
Great career progression, lots of travel opportunities, nice pay. The company genuinely focuses on how to make you better at your role
Flexibility, good salary, always working with update technology,
Microsoft is a great company with great people, great products, great and interesting Jobs and has an open and collaborative culture. Currently they are undergoing quite a big change as they are opening up and have a big focus on the cloud. With the innovation and research power the company is always at the forefront of technology. People wanting to work at Microsoft need to be willing to work in an entrepreneurial way as there is a high emphasis on Management by objectives so there is quite a big freedom of how you do your tasks. What counts are the achievements and meeting the defined scorecards and budgets. Rewards and compensation are quite good although - revenue - target setting - like in other big global companies usually can be little influenced can be little influenced so whether you meet your goal, overachieve it or stay below is often somehow by hasard.
Great Projects and career opportunities
Great people and great culture
Good balance between work and life, Benefit and pay are in compatible level on market. Some technical area are leading in the word, could learn new stuffs.
It a good place to work as an SDE, especially when you're a fresher. You'll feel great with the work, culture, campus etc.
Best place to work in Serbia as Software Engineer
nice people & nice work environments, good work& life balance,
Well known brand, friendly people, nice offices, some good new initiatives to improve the culture.
It a good place to work as an SDE, especially when you're a fresher. You'll feel great with the work, culture, campus etc.
global company, full of opportunities to learn
An increadible school business. Work at Microsoft is a big challange. Fast business development in all areas and a huge capacity to achieve outstanding results.
one of the best company and great working environment
Very good at identifying if you have potential
Great benefits, Flexible work timings, You can work from home when needed They have removed stack ranking which is good
Working with great partners and great technologies
Global Experience, Huge scale projects, many opportunities within company
Nice Culture,Great people,Work life balance
not high pressure, work balance, people are all very smart
Flexible, salary and benefits, locations, offices, great for resume
Very Good Company with long vision.
Great place to work challenging projects and deliverables constant learning
Lots of opportunities. Diverse areas, Job rotation
The company where the employees has a lot of Benefits, maybe un this moment is different for Venezuela
Very flexible, manage your time, good salary. Important brand will help to stand out.
Great work culture, training opportunities,
Great Benefits - Challenging work
If you're young, this could be a half decent place to begin your career -providing of course you don't hang around for too long.
Fast moving, demanding and professional organization. Colleagues are generally very capable, with a positive attitude and collaborative. Microsoft hires good people. Role rotation every few years keeps the job interesting and provides for a broader, more well-rounded employee. A great place to work.
Benefits (i.e.: Medical Insurance)
Great exposure and you'll get to work with really smart people. Therefore, there are lots of learning opportunities and always be at the forefront of latest tech solution. Microsoft is now more humble in her approach and the company is shifting to growth mindset. Proud to be part of Microsoft.
Opportunity for career growth is near endless. It is relatively easy to move around the company and try out different career opportunities. Having Microsoft on your resume is a big booster.
No boundary for learning technology.
Get to interact with many industry talents
Access to one year of MSDN ultimate account. Flexible TImings
Excellent employer with interesting benefits and awesome challenges
Some of the smartest people I ever worked with.
Surrounded by incredibly smart people, have the opportunity to work in a wide variety of roles, and have the opportunity to work for an iconic organization.
Good work environment. Work life balance is nice.
Good work environment. Work life balance is nice.
Competitive Salary, innovative and leading edge work, much collaboration and passion and great people to work with
Microsoft gives the best environment and campus to work at. It has some really helpful and intelligent people. Very low work pressure and great life. Good growth possible. Awesome workstation.
They have very interesting projects, you get to work with the latest technology and your work has a great impact.
- excellent top management + very compelling and promising strategy  - Flexible working arrangements. Expectations are high, but (depending on the organization) you have a lot of flexibility when and where to work  - Good pay and benefits. Stock awards are lucrative (yearly award - vests 10% every 6 months) if you are ready for / capable of long term employment  - Long haul travel can in many cases be done in business class
Global policies, infrastructure, chances to work with world-best tech geeks, compensation  You will be equipped well with infrastructure, training etc. You can use all kind of MS tools and technologies.
IT innovator, lots opportunities to within the company, high professional colleagues,
Opportunity to learn rewards as per performance Better pay structure Technology driven adn upto date knowledge everytime Have good money to survive aggressive scehdule
Best Work Culture, Excellent Senior Management Level
Good salary in Hyderabad, good quality of life.
High tech Company, lots of innovation, and very good working environment
Great opportunities depending on which group you were in. Great growth and direction after Satya became CEO.
Good outside company image. Good stocks policy if you plan to stay for many years.
Good carreer opportunities and benefits
takes good care of the employees
Good salary benefits, Employee benefits are good
Professional, work culture, brand value
Working with very friendly and nice colleagues who are willing to help each other. Great working environment where you can try a lot of things.
Can learn quite a lot in the first 1-2 years. Do not stay any longer, run for your dear life.
Work time flexibility, good pay, for those who can sell themselves, this is heaven.
You come across excellent people here and its great to work with them.
Microsoft is known to be great employer and one easy way if you dream about US. You can join here and look for opportunity in US and move on
Very good culture. Great people. Very talented pool comes here. Great place to start your career. Known a lot of satisfied people from Office and Bing teams.
Good working place, good food.
It's Microsoft and great to put in your CV. Colleagues are friendly and professionals. You can learn a lot about working with other people and working in a corporation. Work-life balance is ok.
There are a lot of opportunities to develop
I like to work in challenging company.
they pay on time and have a games room
This company is one of the best companies to work for. The owner is very invested in each employee and shows that through very generous benefits
Great place to work Interesting work Meeting lot of great people
Flexible working hours. So much to learn. Attractive salary. Interesting research topic.
Egalatarian. High energy. Smart people, nice benefits...fun work environment. Phenomenally well run for such a large company.
Huge knowledge base, a lot of extras, such as breakfast, sodas, etc. Good development prospects and transparency regarding new opportunities. Extraordinarily competent people, with decades of experience in their fields.
awesome culture. Team lunch, parties. Work life balance. Salary
great work environment in microsoft, the location is good. public location is good.
well paid with stock options
Goo fighting spirit in the company. Tough competition makes the job exciting
It's got a great work/life balance (almost too good) and great benefits
Good work life balance, Work from home, flexible timings, sufficient paid vacation, good health care benefits.
Great benefits and very exciting
Good compensations Good atmosphere Interesting work Stocks Car Mobile phone trips to interesting places very good team
Fast pace environment, with good vision and work with talented people.
Good Base Salary Innovation and Research Cool products Health Benefits Carrer Development We have good envirinment to work, people are very smart and creative
the company is a Very good company
Compensation and benefits are competitive , and there is a modern workplace environment. Generally a positive place, especially from the top level.
Friendly environment and direct managers always strive to help you achieve and do your best. Very diverse learning environment
Microsoft has been a global top 10 technology company for decades. All this time it has been very profitable thanks to the Windows and Office franchises and more recently the growing cloud business. It has been able to hire very smart people and acquire any company it wants. This leads into an environment, where everything is possible as long as you can sell the idea internally.
flexibility, autonomy, travel depending on your role.
Microsoft could give me a chance to live in Beijing and which is the nearest company to my school
Large company which can leverage off several different business lines to cope with times of changes. Great technical intellectual capital presented in the company.
Used to be a wonderful company
Good benefits, work life balance
Provides great opportunity to learn and grow. Fast paced environment, every interaction is with great quality people. Your colleagues are the best in the industry. Excellent working environment
Microsoft has been a global top 10 technology company for decades. All this time it has been very profitable thanks to the Windows and Office franchises and more recently the growing cloud business. It has been able to hire very smart people and acquire any company it wants. This leads into an environment, where everything is possible as long as you can sell the idea internally.
Good working environment, good life/work balance, great people. Always changing and re-defining itself. A lot of freedom to explore new things. Challenging. Innovative.
Offices are reallynew and nice Good learning tools as MS Library
They invest money and time into your training.
Great pay, work life balance, great benefits, home office.
good work environment, great/talented people
Get to work with world class professionals
Great company to work for, amazing dynamic culture!
Great environment for work: benefits, culture, compensation, automated internal processes
Great perks, genuine work-life balance flexibility. Great RRSP matching. Feedback on people skills, collaboration and performance taken seriously to hold others accountable. Management follows through on stated actions.
Microsoft is good company with good environment, manager are all very insightful and friendly to the employee, talent colleagues,
Great company to work for. Lots of emphasis on employee growth. Lots to learn and never bored.
Good working environment, great innovation
The work culture is chill.
It is great company if you are working with right teams.
- wages wewe top notch
Its definitely a great company to work for. I love the diversity and innovation at Microsoft. Excellent facilities and work culture
Respectable vision and presence in the industry
You et tough challenges, complex issues to solve, massive opportunities in any field you like and scope for impacting lives and contribute to the society. Very nice place to work.
Its definitely a great company to work for. I love the diversity and innovation at Microsoft. Excellent facilities and work culture
Good environment, talented teammate and good benefit
Good culture, amazing peers, quality of life what you make it.
Open environment with competitive culture,work life balance
Some great opportunities early in my tenure (2000-2009) with the ability to innovate with go to market strategies.
It has good work environment. People are friendly. Work is good as well.
1. Huge range of Technology & teams (some like Azure, Kinect/hololens, office doing really well) 2. Great research division 3. Opportunity to learn 4. Changing for the good (e.g. one engineering, consolidation into 3 major divisions)
Attitude is more positive and open now than before. Gaining competitive advantage. Great CEO!
1. Huge range of Technology & teams (some like Azure, Kinect/hololens, office doing really well) 2. Great research division 3. Opportunity to learn 4. Changing for the good (e.g. one engineering, consolidation into 3 major divisions)
Environment Benefits Salary Business oriented People Medical Assistance People Products Market recognition Available equipments to work Localization Home office flexibility Stock Options Stocks purchasing
Dynamic and fluid working environment. A lot of respect for people's time regardless of staff level. Placed trust in employees that allows remote work through effective use of technologies. Above market rate compensation.
Balanced professional life and personal life. Flexible working time and relaxing working environment. Helpful colleagues and trust each other in the team to achieve team success together. Supportive Line Manager caring about subordinates' career interests and development. Recognition of personal contribution and good performance.
Impact on billion of users world wide. Multi-national team with great people to work with.
1. Work life balance 2. Opportunities
Great people to work with
global scale, relatively good benefits
Great flexibility, awesome products, fantastic people
Excellent benefits, great exposure to technology and engineering practices
Great Company Culture. Product innovations.
Great flexibility, awesome products, fantastic people
good solutions, differentiated from competitors
Work Culture is one the best in microsoft
Great flexible working space. The MD is a really great person with lots of clear ideas.
good product to be working with
amazing staff, great customers, exciting place to work. the organization treats their employees well. they're always teaching you something new. good corporate culture. very diverse.
Awesome company to work with.
People. Great sales experience. Interesting & Complex business.
Flexible working, working life balance
Flexibility Working from Home Relaxed office attire Parking
They are in the midst of a huge transformation while still delivering value to customers.
Produces a wide range of products and has good work culture.
Huge opportunities, great solutions, flexibility, demanding, exciting
Superb company to work with. Great working culture and policies. Get chance to work with outstanding group of people.
Great Vision, culture and wider Network and community reach
1.Work Life balance 2. Big MNC , Big name 3. Global Exposure
a good for improve yourself company
Great place to work. Amazing workplace, co workers and access to latest Microsoft technologies and tools
Nice environment to work at.  A lot of freedom to learn new things everyday
Microsoft is a people oriented company. One of the most value asset is the high level professional working in all teams.You have the power to design your career, there you have the job rotation opportunity that can be valuable to build new skills and knowledge
One of the best places to get hand-on the latest technology. Everyday is a new challenge, working on complex technical problems with renowned Microsoft customers. Work hard, play hard culture.
Well cultured.. Equal opportunities.. Success..
-Thjis review is for Microsoft Glabal Technical Support Centre Bangalore.  -Highly technical customer service and support.WIll hone one's technical as well as soft skills. -higly enthusiastic and skilled people . I had a chance to work alongside of the best engineers in the Lync Industry. -Sky is the limit for the growth opportunities. -Especially Lync/networking teams has very high growth potential. -Good health benefits,competitive salary. -A very good working culture probably the best in the industry. A very open environment where the company trusts its employees and provides access to immense resources like-Labs/Devices/Knowledge base.
- flexible work times - brilliant team - interesting cutting edge technological projects
Work from home is great. Super great. In fact, the best thing.
very techie, serious attempt to be more lean and cool
Reasonable work pressure Great knowledgeable colleagues with great backgrounds and education history. Products are world class most well known Great leave policy and transport facilities
Very good environment, a very large group of young people with lots of activities and benefits apart from the job.
Challenging projects Prestigue Stable work, Many projects and customers
Great benefits and culture. They really are about doing good in the world and giving you a work life balance.
very techie, serious attempt to be more lean and cool
Reasonable work pressure Great knowledgeable colleagues with great backgrounds and education history. Products are world class most well known Great leave policy and transport facilities
- Treat people very well - good pay and benefits
* Good salary and benefits * Good work/life balance * Great people to work with
Great all round technology capability.
culture, future, career, team, technology
Supporting teams and organisations (to be point of being tribal :)) Encourage news ways to look at how things are done and continuous improvement Use of data to help in decision making (this is a pro and con) Encourage continuous training and personal and professional development
- High salary and social package if you are a full-time staff employee (30% of the local workforce only, mostly sales and top management) - Lots of opportunities to network with overseas colleagues, share best practises, and learn from them
Amazing place to work Flexibility and work from home facility Nice work culture Complete your work and what rest you do no body bothers
Work with smart people and good team. Can learn a lot from peers. Projects are interesting and not always the same.
multicultural, work & life balance
Opportunities, industry, travel, exposure to different culture and work both locally and globally, large team size
Interesting, with exposure to technologies
- Cutting edge technology - Ever changing environment, never gets dull - Windows 10 launch the beginning of something great - fantastic reputation in the Software world
Benefits Visibility to High Tech Market
Super diverse, working on big impact project, like the Microsoft Culture very much: Learner, challenger mindset and be innovative
I was a software engineering intern at Microsoft IDC Hyderabad in the bing maps team. It is an awesome place to work with flexible work hours and plenty of recreational facilities
Long history and fast changing company And stable position. Good Career development and employees supporting system,many different chances of working in large company.
social conditions. health care. ability to learn and develop. good people. good managment.
Long history and fast changing company And stable position. Good Career development and employees supporting system,many different chances of working in large company.
Flexible Hours, Compensation, Freedom to choose projects and of course Feeling of Valuable Employee.
They have a very good team.
There are many different teams and Microsoft provides flexibility and freedom on your daily work. Also you have ability to move to Redmond with Microsoft connections
Largest software producer of the world. Good opportunity to work in almost any field in software. Good Engineering Systems. Good people to work with.
Good culture and atmosphere for working
Good Compensation and Benefits. Great HR team.
Reasonable place to work, great balance between work and life
Good environment and compensation overall
Great place to work and meet really nice colleagues
Company in itself is the best place with resources at hand
Very innovative place with smart people on board.
Amazing exposure to new and upcoming technology. Great employee benefits. Open culture.
Onboarding program was really friendly and nice.
Possibility to work with people from everywhere You can get engaged on lots of interesting stuff I enjoy what I do
Good environment for working Open company to talk to senior leaders
Variety of work, Challenges, Excellent Top (Corp) Management
Stable with strong growth potential
Large organization, good compensation, lots of perks and facilities, job stability, strong brand name, lots of learning and development opportunities, flexible work schedule, can easily work from home, lots of team outings and parties, work life balance is good in general except when you are working on multiple projects
Exciting place to work. Great culture, highly motivated colleagues, good salary and benefits.
Competitive salary, talented peers, challenging work
Solid existing business from corporate business
Nice infrastructure, work environment, friendly people
Good benefits, offices, technology, and good people to work with.
Great professionals to work with, good opportunities to grow, good compensation and benefits, very nice installations.
Learned a lot, interacted with very smart people and was given the freedom to work on what I was interested in for the summer.
Great products. High energy. Support to achieve your targets and build successful projects and sales.
overall a good place to work at with smart workmates, work-life balance and good to your background.
Great working environment and interesting because it is Microsoft. Plenty of space to go for almost anything your ambitions desires.
Large company with a lot of red-tape, and legacy left behind. Though media/social report changes - that is in Redmond. In the sites outside Redmond and in EMEA, ASIA, changes are still very slow. Little Napoleons still rule
Good work environment and has lot of opportunity to learn and grow. Lot of challenging and interesting work in Microsoft.
Microsoft is the best place to work with wonderful benefits.
smart people, interesting projects, and ability to people a lot of interesting people from all over the world
Great place to work and enjoy
Workplace, scale, people, good compensation and benefits
Love it! Worked there for along time and no reason to leave.
Great opportunities. The office is in a beautiful location right in the CBD overlooking the Auckland Harbor. The Microsoft culture is an awesome one.
Work life balance, career planning, tech perks,
This company has intelligent people and an excellent work-life balance. You can plan and pace your work according to your needs.
good benefits, great campus, good transport, good for campus hires for early start
smart people, great environment, good benefits
Nice environment, smart and nice people to work with,
You can get career planning
great workplace for productivity up.
Great company overall, flexible working arrangements depending on your team, good working environment, a lot of opportunities depending on your manager
Good benefit and nice people, little pressure if you are not very ambitious.
Work time, Salary, Enjoyment, so lots games, good campus
Flexible timings. Good enough career growth. Chance to work with great people.
I used to work in Microsoft as SDE intern. Like the work life balance culture here. And for new grad, the software development process lead by a big company and how to solve problems for a green had should be considered. That's why I choose to enter big company after graduation.
great people, great solutions, high execution, extraordinary momentum, visionary CEO
Great company overall, flexible working arrangements depending on your team, good working environment, a lot of opportunities depending on your manager
Work with world recognised brands and products loved the world over. A few good perks, ..... I am now filling the space to get over the 20 word minimum.
Lots of incentives, interesting work, and satisfaction in projects.
Top Brand, Great Exposure, Competitive Compensation
felxible working time, lot of benefits
Great benefits, career opportunities, opportunities to learn & become an SME. Great network, nice environment, modern technology.
Participate as a full team member Lots of intern events and gatherings Free stuff exclusive for interns Great deals on housing and rental car
- Culture - Learning something new every day - Good benefits - New president, Satya has a brilliant mind and good will
Relatively stable environment in which I get to do a lot of interesting, customer-focused work.
i choose this company bcoz it give me lot practical knowlodge
Really cared about the intern experience and placement considerations for next internships.
It is a good place to work
Good work place to learn and grow. Quality Infrastructure
The work you do has global impact Good benefits Flexible hours (but this depends on a team) Satya has started some good initiatives, and the company does not feels like "capsuled" (isolated) anymore
Nice place to work, good environment with a lot of training available. The company have a culture that promotes constant development of its employees.
Very good opportunities to learn during the fast track program.
Great place to work. Very nice enviroment. People a super friendly. Free snacks and drinks.
> Lots of learning for freshers - most people are helpful in teaching freshers about software practices and technologies > Flexible work - can go to office and leave office at any time - can work at our own pace and time > Open minded employees - it is a relief to step into office and find people with whom you can share any crazy idea
Fast paced industry. Engaging technology that can help peoples lives and that people use everyday. Opportunities to develop new ideas. Great people to work with.
Great peers. Good perks and compensation. Heading towards right business direction despite it's late.
Excellent work ethic here - and research on various aspects of computer science
this is an awesome company in the world..
great Innovation & Flx hrs
Big company, large scale chalanges, very good people
Lot of Onsite Travel, Amazing career opportunities,
None. I was in a company that got acquired by Microsoft and the whole deal went really bad. I was forced to quit or wait until they fired me.
Lots of time and resources to do self study.
This place is so energetic, you will love going to work everyday, even the customers are amazing! I cant imagine myself anywhere else
good salary and development opportunities, some great products, smart people
Great opportunities to learn new stuff
Very good company, good benefits
- focus on business. - smart people
Good environment, nice benefits, outstanding people
Work from home is widely accepted (and productive). Productivity technology is off-the-charts. Comfortable travel policies. Smart, fun people to work with.
Great opportunities and smart people.
Good salary, flexible hours, nice campus, lots of extra curricular activities
Lot's of trainings that allows you to be always updated
Lots of friendly people in the company
Worked with best people in the industry
Good company with experienced management, well positioned salary and benefits compared to the market. Various opportunities to advance career - many options for lateral moves to gain experience in different areas.
Place to learn and increase your knowledge
Good Benefits,Flexible Timings,Great Food Bangalore is a great city to live in
Good company internationally. Good salary, good perks, good stock program the medical insurance is good if you plan it correctly, a good company to travel the world with
1. Lots of avenues to chose from based on your interests. 2. With new CEO in charge of the company, the company outlook looks great 3. Customer focus is being brought to the company. Good time to be in the company
Good mentoring, facilities, Hyderabad is a great city.
Good working environment. Well known brand.
good people .nice work culture . many thing to learn
Flexi working time and work from home (dependant on role)
Flexibility on your time and lots of tools for self development
Great ideas company. Microsoft continues to develop leading edge solutions
Work with the Best Minds, Good Pay on Industry Standards. The Best in the Industry.
Employee friendly company with amazing work culture. Microsoft strives hard to make sure employees achieve work life balance.
Great work, great people, extremely good working environment, decent time off, competitive compensation.
passion, and innovative, and ambitious.
Good Career Opportunities. Good Compensation & Benefits.
- Great to have on your CV - Network and get to know great talent - Exposure to a wide set of clients - Great co-workers who share the same pressures
- Good work life balance - Good pay - Good culture
Work- life balance, very good compensation, stock options, employee satisfaction, great facilities, free food (that too awesome food), free transport (Air conditioned) and a management team who listens to the employees.
- Nice office space , free snack and drinks in pantry.  - Having first hand experience on the latest technology and software/tool  - Meeting many passionate and smart people under the same roof especially in support teams who genuinely wants to make a difference for the company.  - Flexibility to work from home / remotely with manager's approval  - The overall compensation package for FTEs is pretty competitive in today's market ( great insurance coverage + flexi cash + medical )  - Great exposure if one is looking for gain experience in a complex environment / working with multiple stakeholders.
learn a lot international company travel
Excellent company to work for, it is a company that truly and profoundly lives by its values and has a strong shared company culture.
Great energy and colleauges. They are now just getting cooler and cooler
Flexibility, Lots of perks, Beautiful Offices.
Great work culture, extremely friendly staff (especially department leads), very knowledgeable staff, always a challenge, great pressure
Excellent benefits, excellent facilities and learning opportunities.
Great atmosphere, challenging, is all about the people.
Best company / great work culture. Amongst all the companies i worked MS was outstanding in terms of job satisfaction and work culture. I was let go to layoffs - it's been almost 3 years since i was employed but till today i feel part of it.Get to work on cutting edge nextgen technology.
Excelent work environment and salary
As company has highly skilled people employed and around you which creates chanlleging and competitive environment
Awesome place to work and value driven company
Awesome place to work and value driven company
Very good company. Care for her workers
Good Company, good benefits. able to travel within the region. Always innovating.
great company to work for
Giod work ethics good management no internal politics
Leader, Culture of winning, great leaders at global level
Good opportunities, New technology, Access to resources
Benefits, dynamic and open environment, always leading edge technologies.
Young and dynamic compared to being in an SI. Great brand and recognition. Very structured from a career development and advancement perspective but... you have to be very good at networking to do this
Positive Corporate Culture and team building opportunities
Fantastic company to work for. Great benefits, flexibility and the company direction is really exciting.
Very Good Company at the same time very tired job
- Great Peers - Good Managers - Cares about employees
Good company culture, resourceful and good continuous learning environment, managers are supportive. Strategy goals are executed coherently
High Profile Ppl everywhere Work Change Policy to prevent Burnouts High Rated company Benefits Learning oportunities
Takes good care of its people
Work-life balance Working on consumer product with high impact Interesting and challenging work Great talent to work with
Great Company with Great career prospects
Flexible working hours, people are accountable and high standard of work ethics
Value driven company with focus on innovation
Flexible timing, Good working culture, Friendly team mates, hard working people, equal opportunity to lean and grow
Microsoft is a great place to work because the salary is highly competitive with fantastic benefits. It also has good work culture and highly intelligent employees
Very open to learning Proffesional environment
Very smart people doing good work
Internationally opportunities, largest range of customer, great solutions
You are given the opportunity to drive the change in the company, work with really smart people and own your career growth.
Innovative company, cool products, ability to change roles
Good company with lot of clients
1) Very good campus with all facilities. Probably the best office in India among all IT Companies. 2) Very cool and clam people. 3) Hyderabad as a city is very good, it is well planned, everything is in 10km radius. 4) CTC wise good. Your hard work is appreciated with promotion, stocks and increment. 5) Good performance bonus each year.
nice people, good salary, good chances to develop yourself
nice people, good salary, good chances to develop yourself
Exciting broad range of products and areas of interest. Good level of responsibility and autonomy. Great salary and bonus possibility.
good company to work for
Nice, smart colleagues. nice view from office. good perks.
THE best employee friendly policies - Eg : flexi timings, very good medical insurance for self and family members, safe and free of cost home drops ...... lot more :)
Supportive environment. Opportunities to learn.. Attractive Salary package. Growth chances are high. It is a very reputed company so your profile will be enhanced just by their name.
Very flexible work culture Many perks and additional benefits other than salary
the MAP program at Microsoft is one of the best ways to get involved in marketing and finance at a top level company, I had a great time during my time there and highly recommend this to anyone interested
As a data scientist, one of the most important things is to work on hard challenging problems, and to allocate sufficient time to solve them. Microsoft distinguishes between devs and researchers, which allows the researches to concentrate on solving these kind of problems
It's a company with a development very fast and it always keeps innovating. Be within Microsoft you can access to the Microsoft product information from first hand like from the developer teams. Also, offers to see how to evolution the business in different edges. Exist some benefits but vary depend the country for its employees. It's a most important company of software of that there is no doubt.
not much to say about this place, get your pay and leave
A lot of freedom, a lot of appreciation, not a lot of stress, very fun environment
Good position to work their
great autonomy given to the intern great company to learn about marketing roles high salary
1. Frequent Team Outing. 2. Good collaboration. 3. Best work Culture
Very good work and compensation.
A great place to start, and you are always the forerunner to try out anything new in Microsoft. People are great, Facilities are amazing.
Open environment, challenging job with great people, big team and nice budget. Wide portfolio of products in an ever changing space.
Access to cool new tech Opportunity to work in a company that is actually changing the world Financially comfortable
A great and open minded place to work in
A great and open minded place to work in
Good working environment. Colleagues are easy to deal with and friendly. Working hours are flexible and you can arrange yourself and even work from home.
Microsoft treats its employees well. Location preference is entertained. Remunerations are above industry standards.
Great technology visions, brand recognition with IT, great base pay
Talent. Compensation. Corporate Social Responsibility. Technology. Medical cover & other benefits
- tons of talented and super intelligent people you'd love to work with  - high competitive salary and bonuses  - good attitude to employees
Great company, smart and passionate people in every subsidiary, high level of collaboration, great access to the Product Groups when we have questions and suggestions. Also, it's easy to apply for any positions.
Team work, market leader , great management
Carreer Opportunities, benefits, culture and values
Big name for CV Market place status
Mostly great people, great feeling at the company at the moment and good attitude towards how work is more than a place.
I enjoy the Innovative solutions and product diversity of Microsoft. And the management team respect employees. They listen to the feedback from employees and take actions to improve the working environment. And you can always try the latest new products like office and windows.
Good and skilled professionals working there
Good vision by Satya, and a solid range of products, services and devices.
Good Work Culture and compensation
The colleagues are excellent in terms of skills
Great working environment Pro-active Flexible schedule Great boss Great team coordination Be able to interact with a wide range of softwares
energetic, driving, challenging atmosphere, until new cloud business started to take over
Full flexibility given in work/life balance. Ownership of work load given completely.
Good work culture and good oppurtunities
good to work with, loved it
Microsoft had some of the brightest minds in the industry, a great place to learn grow. Lately the culture and outlook is turning around and the future looks promising.
It is a stable company where you know the strategy, how to contribute and how you will be compensated.
Challenging environment, you can really learn and grow. Enables you to be at the cutting edge of knowledge in your field. You get to work with super bright people.
Open mind, equal opportunity, employees are asset
Great place. Lot of time to complete work in order to minimize bugs
World wide impact, IT products for enterprise
The atmosphere is good and it is easy to get along with colleagues.
Flexible working hours. Casual work attire. Good manager - at least for me. Great team collaboration
Good Salary, work-live balance is good.
Innovation, Work Life Balnace, Benefits, Great Place to Work
Very good office, comprehensive HR support humanitarian vacation policy, opportunity to work with global colleagues
The new Microsoft share every state-of-art technology to all employee, and you move with the trend. No device-first slogan anymore, the cloud-first leads us to think next generation and move forward. Great to be here and comparable salary
New challenges all the time.
Nice place to work at, talented people and engineer.
Microsoft is probably the best employer I ever worked for. The people are great to work with and very smart. After most meeting I felt that I learned something. The work is hard and long hours are normal, but the reward is equally good. The company offers quite a lot of perks and support continuous learning through organized trainings. From sport sessions, meditation, leadership seminars to full Six Sigma courses are all offered. The freedom to arrange work around the personal live is the most important point for me. I can come whenever I want and leave whenever I want as long as I meet my commitments. Working from home occasionally is an option as well.
Excellent people to work with. Very Good perks
work life balance, good compensation
Flexible working, reasonable hours, great CEO on a great mission to change how the world works
The work load at microsoft was less and the environment was something keeps you engaged with it.
Microsoft offers good pay relative to the market. I was glad to work in a team surrounded with great colleagues on very challenging and interesting problems. The company's high hiring bar certainly helps achieve this.
good environment, great opportunities, very challenging, a lot of mentors and role models for both professional and personal life, great team
Very good staff and pleasant people
Excellent benefits, good work-at-home opportunities, good campus and amenities
You don't need to work overtime a lot. Some of your colleges are smart people, and you might have a chance to learn new knowledge/skills from them. Generally the culture is not that aggressive if compared with other local companies in China.
Lots of benefits, great relationships with peers and managers, team feeling.
Given total accountability within budget limit with justifications. Global teams collaboration experience. Good salary.
Work Life Flexibility and Work culture
Very good environment and very friendly people
Get good joining bonus Good relocation package Salary not too bad if you can negotiate
fame, nice team, car parking
Culture of Empowerment, High performance, Good rewarding, focus on execution
Flexible working hours, plenty of resources from corp when doing data analysis.
Great offices, benefits above average. Very P.C. organisation. Still a great brand. Management do not bully for results on the whole.
Overall a great experience. Many colleagues are friends and amazing people. Their is a passion there in many different corners. Employee career progression in a growth division. Many different local management styles if you get a good manager it makes all the difference. Excellent array of fixed and variable benefits. Opportunity to work internationally. Deep knowledge in the different product groups and MCS. Employee diversity and acceptance. Working environment.
everything copied from java bad
Employee Education Assistance Programs, Critical Health Coverage, Switch roles/careers, vacation options, impressive year end hikes, health gyms with in, great benefits, freedom to the employees to do whichever, however they like and passionate, open & honest.
Open environment, easy start into a career, a lot of good corporate stuff to learn or imitate in your start-up activities
great benefits like health and fitness, Tuition reimbursement and flexible vacations. lots of room to work in your own style. Less micromanagement.
Brand For few lucky guys Redmond chance
Healthy Environment and, better learning opportunities.
Intense workload and training. Exposed to various opportunity and challenge. motivated self-disciplined.
benefits, work-life balance, flexibility, progression, technology roadmap, innovation
Nice place to start at.
Collaboration, possibilities, best organization to grow
Highly challenging, professional, lots of training, skill driven, fun, benefits, annual sales convention, plenty of growth opportunities
Microsoft Corp Policy benefits like Insurance and Health Benefits, Work from Home, Cab and Bus services, Decent T, coffee pantry areas.
Best IT place to work in India
There are many smart people, great benefits. Great work/life balance.
No.1 software vendor and No.2 cloud service vendor.
good work culture with intensive work environment
There are many smart people, great benefits. Great work/life balance.
Flexibility Global Perspective Work-Life Balance Best tools and technologies at your disposal Competitive salary and perks Personal mentoring and buddies
Great new challenging career opportunities
Brand value, intelligent coworkers, descent pay/ stocks, work-life balance.
Good working climate between colleagues, especially since performance system was made less rigid a year ago. Old performance system still visible in mindset, causing competition, which is not always bad.
Nice company, nice perks I had a great time there!
Good place to grow take control and grow your career. There is always a lot to learn and if you are passionate you will grow.
smart people, many very passionate about their work
learn, united, good professionals, good wages, bonus
Good benefits, big company, nice working environment.
culture, people and international exposure
Work Life Balance, Appreciated for work, Open to new ideas
Work satisfaction: Lot more important and cool work. Technically Strong People:
Work Life Balance, Perks, Outings
work life balance is great
Lot of opportunities, diverse roles and areas, many smart people, if you try hard and have good ideas, it will be recognized sooner or later. Salary and benefits are hard to find anywhere else.
Good Work culture Less Pressure Friendly Environment Management is good The campus is beautiful. Good compensations. Flexible culture. Very helpful administration. Freedom Ownership Work-Life balance Better hikes.
Great work culture, Passionate Colleagues and helpful
Company invests in the employee in terms of technical qualification, and also the compensation ($) is not bad.
Salary, flexibility, progression in my career
It is a good environment with good managers
Large enterprise earn decent money doing very little.
with great managers, you are well taken cared of with career, review, training and exciting work. while you may work for some managers you don't like, but Microsoft is a big company you can move from teams to teams.
Excellent teams and coworkers. Working with really smart people at all organizational levels. Really open organization with the capacity to quickly respond to market changes.
Flexibility, peer support, process oriented
Diverse in the scope. It is a function carry over from Nokia. Support Sales Team to achieve more
Great salary Interesting Projects Good technical skills
Great company, smart leadership. There is an awesome food court for MSFT employees.
Good visión, enough compensation, good products and services and great and very talented individual contributors. You work based on results and you are the owner of your agenda.
still dominating the market in some area but really behind the trend. trying hard to compete and almost all other companies are its competitor
Lot to learn Great career opportunities
Microsoft, its the next big thing!
Great place to work in Good compensation straight out of college Great work-life balance Excellent campus facilities , best in class in India
Ability to move around the company to learn and grow
Microsoft still have great power to develop technology, products and service. These products & service have a potential that make the customer's IT infrastructure and their business growth greater.
Friendly ambience help everywhere and its perfect
The team is really great. People are helpful and friendly. It's a growing team with new guys joining every week. We are all young and energetic, share lots of interests in common. It's really lots of fun working with them.
Small but very agressive to use high end tecnologies. I can work at home or anywhere in the world that I can access the internet. That is the best thing ever.
A world of opportunities to growth. Highly talented people that will able you to growth Access to a lot of tech resources to learn Early access to new technology
Technology based company, Life balance.package.
Autonomy, Innovation, Great people, Values
Exposure to a lot of products and technology, empowered employees, comfortable work environment.
Projects are on latest technologies. Good infrastructure
1. Hardly any politics 2. Good place to learn 3. Very agile 4. Good for career growth and to start career 5. Inspiring colleagues 6. Lot of free snacks/fruits/cookies
Really open minded to new and open technology. People don't push each other for work. Time are flexible. Most people are really enlightened, knowledgable, and willing to help.
very fantastic working environment !
Amazing technologies, loads of technical resource to learn, very flexible and great opportunities internally.
Above average compensation if you hit your numbers. Office culture - and products - focused on productivity from anywhere, so working in the office all the time is not required. Above average training. People are always willing to help.
Strong collaborative culture where effort is rewarded. Mature and intelligent environment with stimulation to learn and grow. They invest and look after their people.
Great Company, great people, nice culture where asking questions is appreciated irrespective of the level and the positon.
Get yourself technically ramped with the best and all internal training material. The brand name on your resume. Good place to learn multiple technologies - By yourself.
1)Benefits 2)flexible working hours 3)Good work-life balance
Benefits what is offered in the office compared to others company is very good and has a lot of variety
Great money, good training, international experience
Different career opportunities within the company (a lot of job role changes before the beginning of every financial year), ambitious targets, good office and perks. Good bonus program.
Have a mentor, Improve soft skills
access to latest and greatest technology
company values, big challanges, compensation, carrear opportunities
you get a lot of experience and you get a nice price for what you have worked you get to know about the tech
Pros: Great company, you will have a chance to learn more cutting technologies and cross collaboration is good.
Good social package and intensive educational programs for employees
Good and transparent compensation model. Reach portfolio of services and products.
great place to work in
Good work life balance. In a large bloated company anyone who doesn't wants to or cannot work finds place to hide. Flexible working hours, work from home allowed.
Benefits and company scope. With dedication one could move into corporate.
Good work conditions, positive working environment, great colleagues, smart managers. Motivating remuneration and bonus model. Additional benefits.
good working environment, people are usually nice.
good benefit, keep track with latest technology
You are with some of the best IT
good working environment, people are usually nice.
Some very smart people. Very fun and passionate people. Work with great customers and exciting industries. Lots of jobs to move around to.
Smart people Fexibility Great work life balance
- Great learning opportunity: Working at Microsoft, you get to work with some very competent people, and you learn a lot. I learned more from being a year at Microsoft than being three years at my previous employer.  - Quickly given responsibility: At Microsoft the number of interesting projects greatly outnumber the number of people working there. This means that new employees are quick to be given responsibility of projects, often pushing them into unfamiliar territory and forcing them to grow.  - Good work/life balance and environment: People working from home is not uncommon at Microsoft, and the work hours are generally very flexible. When working at the office there is a good environment and the employees are well taken care of (free coffee, soda, fruit, etc.)
Very flexible working hours Informal fun environment
Microsoft is a big global company with great benefits
The biggest campus in India. All kinds of gaming activities. Almost has every department that a software engineer can work on.
Microsoft is a worldwide company, then the opportunities to meet with people from all parts of the world is awesome. The opportunities to meet with some legendary people in IT is fantastic. Access to a lot of new Microsoft technologies, before they are launched.
Location, salary and benefits are good
good salary gvrbrebkmnbvl nsmfkofsko,fvkfd klmfslk, nfgsl ngf nice environment experience nice office
Work life balance and career experiences
big company, so more stable then others good work-life balance
good culture/environment, good colleagues, good leaders, good investment in employees
Company is on the right path, making necessary changes & with a clear vision and great product roadmap. Inspiring CEO and an engineer back in charge. Company does have a great ethos & gives you a lot of autonomy, freedom & flexibility in how you structure your work life. The salary & benefits are above average. It is a good company to get on your CV.
Microsoft culture is awesome. Very open and respectful
flexibility, process created and excellent technology
work life balance good facilities you will work with senior and experienced guys
Good work and challenging environment
Working at Microsoft was a childhood dream, I've been there 11 years and have found it a deeply enriching and rewarding experience. There is no shortage of exceptional people and good teams - there are few average people in the company.  I've worked as a software engineer in Redmond and in Europe. There are many opportunities in Redmond to move around, learn, and have a fun career.  I've enjoyed a competitive package and great working conditions (own office, Aeron chair, sit-stand desk, free drinks, good canteens). For productivity it is hard to beat having your own office.  It is a large company and it fascinating to watch from the inside. Recommend reading Microsoft Secrets, Showstopper, and Gates for sense of history.
Very resourceful, working with great talents across many different areas on a global scale
Very resourceful, working with great talents across many different areas on a global scale
1. Type of work is very good 2. Exposure to latest technologies 3. Excellent work culture 4. Work from home option is available 5. They actually value every employee 6. Lots of fun activities apart from work 7. Good Package
If you are looking for work life balance and a good place to work with open respectful people then this is it
work life balance, benefits and pay were great
good company,nice experience,i recommend the company.Flexible working hours.
no work load salary is awsome
Good opportunities to develop your career. A lot of different areas to try and experiment. everything depends on your manager and team. Every team has a different culture.
Great colleagues, Work life balance is also not bad
Great company to work in unlike others
stable multi backgournd, professional enviroment
* Environment with lots of opportunities and job mobility, * Good salary and benefits.
A higher salary and nice benefits & perks / A flexible work from home or commute system to assist / Great infrastructure and softwares to utilize / Many chances to connect with regional partners thru many projects A nice place to learn and grow if you have a high enerzy and either strong aspiration (or enthusiasm). No comparable company...
High salary with ton of benefits
stable multi backgournd, professional enviroment
-Great company that really values its employees, especially Engineers. -Competitive salary and benefits. It's also pretty prestigious to work for them.
Decent Compensation package, wide spectrum of career opportunities, decent place to stop at
LEAP program for freshers is very good.
Good Learning Exposure to work with world leaders Employee Friendly
share my ideas with the world
-> Goos salary and perks.
Growing center, with interesting projects coming through. Good bunch of senior people to mentor. Good pay and benefits.
The pay and benefits are above the average, Flexibility to work from home and flexible times, Lots of smart people and experiences to learn from, Lots of divisions and opportunities to work in different projects.
Fast dynamics, smart people. Best work atmosphere ever.
Benefits, Facilities, Perks, work-life balance, Management pushes for personal growth.
Flexible working hours, career opportunities,
good work life balance and career growth
MSFT salaries are generous but not I found it hard to progress because of their calibration system. I have heard that it's changed
Good work life balance and senior management is very down to earth.
Great work environment and facilities
Process oriented work place with opportunity to learn across domains
Working from Home Policy, opportunities, access to everything MS (software), benefits (though they trimmed them down)
Good salary are offered to employes open office culture fun @work lots of games, xbox 360 etc  perks are good too free transportation
The environment is good and you can spend a lot of time in sports
Free Laptop & Phone With Job Role
Good benefit, working environment, it's great to work with smart people.
Exposure, Personal Growth, Excellent Project allotted, Project Ownership, Work atmosphere.
On of the best companies to work for
Work Life balance, latest technologies
High standards Honesty culture Diverse Meritocracy Outstanding financial stability
Great company to work for. Lots of learnings, career progression and being treated well despite some normal corp. hick-ups
Lots of technical learning and growth
Above average benefits Some work from home opportunity depending on job role Smart people (ever so slowly declining)
Flexible working hours. Encouraging environment for diversity persons. Great Benefits that are uniform across levels Good Work Facilities(GYM, CAMPUS, Transportation, Food Variety, Library) Fun @ Work (Garage, Giving)
Fun, free atmosphere with free teas
Great teamwork No stack ranking anymore Good rewards and recognition if you are top performer
Good work environment, great people, nice campus
Lots of talented people and with the new CEO and direction, lots of vibrancy and potentials for future.
Amazing people, outstanding culture. Everyone is keen on learning.
Everyone knows who they are. You can move around. I enjoyed the new teams and areas the best (like online services) where it was easier to break into the ranks because no one was a specialist yet.
will get Great Technical exposure
Business opportunities are end-less, especially as Microsoft builds relevant mobility and cloud solutions.
Great company, great products, great customers who want to hear what Microsoft has to say, great strategy with O365 & Azure, great working environment and good people so if you want a job you can enjoy and don't care about commission then Microsoft is an outstanding company.
- learning opportunities - upward mobility
Dynamic, Strong customer Base, Cloud, Flexible hours, Tele Commuting
Great company Clear Vision & Strategy Good Benefits Lots of great talents and resources Excellent community
Good Skills and good communications
I like the office and the culture, everyone is helpful and working towards same goal, minimal politics
Best place to work if you want to be updated with the hot and happening with the technology. This place provides an opportunity to learn a lot. Best place to work if you want to be updated with the hot and happening with the technology. This place provides an opportunity to learn a lot.
1. Pay/Perks - good base pay along with tons of other benefits. 2. Work culture - Apart from WLB, the culture is great. 3. People - Someone rightly said, company is made with people. 4. Internal job opportunities - you name the role you want to do and there should be something within company.
established processes, good package and compensation, good employee training, big pantry with a lot of foods and drinks
Good work life balance, good salary, good people,
Very good experience and team climate
Career. Work hard and smart
Stable Environment learn a lot Customer exposure
Good package, compensation, and training
It is a great company for research. I learned a lot from this internship. There are many great researcher there.
you can focus on your work without distractions
Nice environment, culture here is good
great pay, benefits, sometimes friendly enviroment
good salary, incentives and benefits
If someone can fool management (which is easy) then that person can enjoy luxury, good pay and perks without any effort. Promotions depends on your relationship with your manager and his/her peers. Persons capability is given relatively less weight. Personal growth will be good if a person manages relationship and be yes boss always. The moment person gets into discussion mode growth stops. And mostly you will be forced to leave company. Personal growth in comparison to external skills will be Zero.
Good technology, access to many brand new solutions for consumers mainly, good overall directions BUT
Good salary, good culture and excellent learning
Dynamic and innovate. Never get bored.
Provides lots of opportunities to learn
work-life balance trainings and capacitacion excellent culture excellent average level of employees
Excellent benefits. Chance of On site work
decent salary but performance rating really depends on how you show off yourself regardless whether you are really the one who contributed
great enterprise culture and nice colleagues. comfortable working environment and don't have too much stress of work.
Self driven career opportunities Opportunities to learn and grow technically Opportunities to work on a different technical fields.
Work life balance / flexibility - empowered to work however/whenever to achieve your role People are generally great Activity based working environment Opportunities to travel to the US
Work life balance Good benefit Good job security
Good people. Friendly environment with good benefits. Focusing on introducing new products in the market. New bold Microsoft with new CEO looks great!
Things are changing, Microsoft is slow but steady and hopefully it will be good, Great perks
Great Work Culture Great Benefits Good Atmosphere good learning oppurtunities
Lost of cash flow and resources, flexible work-life balance
Good work, new technology, new projects
Get to work with a lot of very smart people. Allows/encourages employees to look for lateral shifts to new roles within company. Good benefits, Very good productivity benefits like VPN access, work from anywhere. Good use to technology to improve every day work.
A great company culture wise and also values wise. A great leader in Satya, company's fundamentals are strong
Vibrant working experience, nice and intelligent people to work with, competitive salary
Exposure to technology, a few opportunities to shine
personal growth and opportunities are very high
Good to work. Diverse work force. Can meet and work with best minds in industry. You learn a lot everyday. Good worklife balance if you manage pressure and work.
Office culture, company values, flexibility
Overall amazing, even in IT, you get to talk to those who wrote the tools you use on a daily basis. Its amazing to get a doubt answered by the guy who wrote the feature
i got a very good training
- Being sales, when you reach out to your clients, they KNOW you. Good points. - Friends will say "wow, you are with Microsoft". Good marketing. - Inner engine - huge and many. (but this is also cons as too many, no focus) - Good pay.
GREAT Company Experince Depends on Group and Manager  Good Work Life Balance
Not even 1 good reason one should work here. Culture,Management,work everything is just below average. I know its hard for people to believe this but its actually true that Microsoft is no more the place to work for. It is just getting worst and worst day by day. Will advise each one to think 10 times before joining here rather than regretting later.
Work with very smart people, great compensation/benefits package, great impact in pretty much anything you do.
Work with very smart people, great compensation/benefits package, great impact in pretty much anything you do.
Work culture Work life balance Lot of things to learn Gifts
Nice one to work for
great work / life balance office is a good location but not particularly near customers culture is friendly and on the whole open
Brand value. Pretty decent packages. Allowances and benefits are huge. Very good place to learn.
OK salary at start Managers are self centered
Great lab, great learning environment for young researchers. There are lots of training opportunities and you can work with world class researchers on many very interesting topics.
nice place to work, if you know how to manage management
Great culture. People treat each other nicely. It is fantastic to be part of a company that chooses to, and has the muscles to, engage in so many big battles (devices, mobile, cloud, enterprise, productivity, games and the list goes on). On a personal note I have the best manager ever. Management is easier to approach than what I am used to. If people want to, their voice can be hears.  Compensation package generally very competitive.
Great people, talented and engaged colleagues. Much inspiration about new technologies. Focus on developing people and processes. Good influence on work life balance.
Good work life balance, great products, good perks and generous bonus, very good and approachable managers in the UK
You will met lots if talent guys there
Stimulating environment, opportunity to carve out a niche, can work at home, use of latest software.
Values, Benefits, Career Opportunities, Industry Expertise, Review system has greatly improved
- Magnificent people to work with. - Superb team spirit. - Good premises and tools.
There're tons on opportunities at Microsoft if you're only only focused on your day work, like: * study different programming languages or new tech on dozens of trainings which are offered regularly * non-tech trainings (like Psy, or PM or Agile) - it's hard to find such things outside * selecting the team to transfer to in internal hiring site (with lots of filters by place/level/keywords/...)  Besides, Microsoft offers great salaries, which are hardly matched by startups or other companies.
Great atmosphere, very intelligent people, a lot of training and development opportunities, above market average benefits, democracy.
Great place to work at.
Great work environment overall, abundant opportunity to try different roles / positions.
chance to work together with smart people, lots of opportunity to get training, a mature platform for young professions to promote themselves
big company, good working enviorment. nice people
Best environment I have ever worked in. Salaries and benefits are great. Highly committed to citizenship. Diversity and Inclusion as well as Work-life balance are a plus.
professionalism work culture technical acumen and talent
Very good culture as they take of employees very well
Fast environment, great team, huge opportunities of learning and developing, very flexible workspace and time.
Amazing products and services, a lot of talented people across the company, great salaries and benefits. This may be one of the best corporate org to work for. New CEO Satya with few other execs are genuinely trying to get the org more agile, flexible and agile (easier career moves, hacking days, more open communication...)
Latest Technology built with in the company, Customer focus services, great people to work with, great work life balance.
Microsoft is a company which generally empowers employees to make their own decisions and define their own direction. The company culture is great, the compensation and work environment are excellent.
Flexibility , Strong HW device
very young and very flexible company, sure is a good gym to play around and grow in career
healthy and motivating work environment
Global company with the largest customers so it is a challenging job. There are big changes going on in the company, so it is a very exciting time to be here.
the coffee is nice, some great people most of which are leaving, left or drained
Work life balance is OK but the company is becoming more and more open now
Its a great experience to work at Microsoft. You work with the smartest people, on extremely high impact projects.
Lots of product training, flexible work style work from home, join meeting via Lync. Cool Products
Lots of career advancement opportunities
great career development plan, talented people, great
I worked in Microsoft Global Delivery, India.  * Good campus facilities. * Above market-average pay. * Talented colleagues.
Microsoft is good option for either very senior people or college freshers.
Microsoft is good option for either very senior people or college freshers.
will get opportunity to work on latest and greatest technology. Flexible working hours
decent compensation, relaxed environment, good management team who cares about you, good training,
Salary. You can learn a lot about working in a global competitive environment. Many opportunities to develop the career
it was difficult but enjoyable
At Microsoft people can realize their full potential
Good work life balance. Compensation is satisfactory but it varies from role to role
Well-known brand name Challenging tasks Skills development possibilities Trainings available Dealing with cutting-edge technolgies in many areas
Microsoft provides the challenge. It's up to you to deliver upon it. An ideal company for self-starters that love to go for it. The company typically attracts clever individuals, which provides a challenging environment.
learn for the first years
I would say that Microsoft is the best company to work with, extremely intelligent and helpful people who work hard and party harder
Ample opportunity to develop your brand
Big Company, focus on numbers
Great Benefits and Perks and all the possible facilities one can expect at work. Wonderful infrastructure and facilities
MS provide good benefit for the employees, it provide commercial ensurance for the employee's family, including the employee and the spouse and children.
Nothing is great as it looks from outside. They hired me 6 months back and just fired without any reason. PERFORMANCE was not the reason for sure as I just got a nice appraisal last month itself.
Great benefits, lots of learning, innovation, good work/life balance, you can always find someone to help
A lot of very smart people, great environment to work in, and a lot of ways to learn and improve (conferences like Techready, courses, or simply learn by doing - Microsoft certainly has scale). Mobile, entertainment, business, you name it - Microsoft does it. Moving around the company is encouraged, so you can really get to learn about different things. Like any big tech company, it's also a time machine - you see and work with devices and technologies that are yet to come (sometimes years ahead).
Good pay and benefits. Good offices. For self-starters development opportunites are there and an ability to make an impression and deliver quality results exists.
- Big name - Good experience - Free breakfast for employees - Great technology
Good facilities, work life balance, latest software, perks and hardware.
R&D and Products are improving leaps and bounds. Microsoft now listens to its customers to make their products better.
Everything is good, work life balance.
Great company, provide various opportunity, good company culture and collaboration spirit
Great minds, smart people, good products and work
You will get to learn new stuff. Good salary.
Working with best minds... Becoming an expert on technologies used by everyone..
Great company with very talented people. Their vision and values are those that you want to be part of. Many career opportunities if you know how to take them. Best business school I've been in.
benefits, area, perks, team, culture
Great people with lot of passion. Opportunities to work on cutting edge technologies. Generous salaries and perks.
benefits, area, perks, team, culture
Challenging, smart people, great salary and benefits, good canteen and facilities
Nice offices, perks, compensation....New ceo gives hope but still a lot of cleanup to be made company moving fast and changing after difficult years
- personal growth - company culture and values - travel
Amazing benefits, fun people, travel, alot of perks
Company Values, Culture, People, Technology, Passion
-Good pay -Work life balance -Employee Benefits
Good set of people to work for. Flexible work environment
reasonable pay, good learning opportunities, good opportunities to explore different business area
Good benefits like health, cab facility (payed), subsidized food. MS Brand and access to their software and resources.
- amazing compensation - flexible working hours - amazing medical benefits - work with few of the best minds - People are willing to help. - constructive feedback is welcomed ad encouraged
We are challenged to be self critical which always opens opportunities for improvement. I have had the opportunity to innovate in many áreas!
- Evolving Work Place - Great Culture - Worldwide Opportunities - Great Benefit Structure
Great technology and amazing ecosystem. many interesting people to interact with exciting challenges
Will have opportunity to work with latest technology, and great minds, Learning curve will be good Good salary than most of the companies. Facilities Career development.
- Goodies - Cellphone and Broadband reimbursement - Certifications and Training - Parental leave - At least 1 visit to US guaranteed
Smart people Great work environment Great Opportunities to travel Ability to grown and develop Great Events
No politics at IC Level in the subsidiary in every segment Great work flexibility Smart People with Great Ideas Special Projects Encouraged
The people are really smart. Microsoft hires the best talent in the country. So the quality of people that you will work with is very high. The work culture is also relatively open. Work timings are flexible and benefits are good.
Still banking on the reputation built by Bill Gates. Current leadership team is a bigger mess than before.
Still banking on the reputation built by Bill Gates. Current leadership team is a bigger mess than before.
The benefits are wonderful, the environment is laid back. That is really the only two good things about working in this sector of this company.
Stable, growing, market dominating organization. Opportunities abundant with relocation
Work Culture & cutting edge technology
Good work life balance. Learn new technology.
Work with the company that started PC recolonization, assured learning something anew every single day
Lot of learning opportunities . Too much bureaucracy
Clean, super funky office space, friendly colleagues, great benefits, remote work policy.
International exposure if in consulting roles, learning opportunities which are far more than technical skills. Fantastic place to set your career.
teamwork, evagalistss have lots of fun
good money, good impact to he world, great corporate culture, high ethics, good moral values, low on politics
Work with smart people (most of them at least), autonomy, allowing you to own and take action on things you believe in, flexible hours, good benefits, fun and always learning new things
- very challenging work and great projects
good facilities, work life balance is very good.
Microsoft is good company to develop oneself to new height. I am working at Microsoft consulting and liking work culture and management.
Best in class exposure to tech products. Great Insights to process and opportunities to grow. Awesome Team Culture and decent work-life balance.
good corporate culture: open and transparent and good for proactive and collaborative people, dynamic and quite horizontal,
Amazing people, great culture, excellent growth opportunities and very competitive pay package. Promises to employees get honored, and this certainty allows you to focus on your job.
Great people, friendly talented and open but this is the Bing team. Great benefits, stocks, allowances and flexible hours All depends on your manager Steve Ballmer is gone :D Changing culture after Satya came, becoming more or moving towards a more agile company (trying to enstill the startup culture)
The harder you work and show your outcomes and impacts, you will be rewarded. You get all the facilities like cab, breakfast, lunch dinner, snack card, XBOX, pool, billiards.
The harder you work and show your outcomes and impacts, you will be rewarded. You get all the facilities like cab, breakfast, lunch dinner, snack card, XBOX, pool, billiards.
Culture, Talented Peers, Opportunities, Benefits
perks, timing flexibility, brand, good benefits
There's lots to learn, very challenging, amazing international experience and benefits are great!
Adapting fast to the new environment, employee friendly, no more stack ranking, great products, ability to work in different products, global scale with global opportunities
great learning experience, opportunity to work on latest technologies
Good conditions, very flexible, benefits are great, work quality is good.
You will find really passionate people around you and you will get to learn a lot from them.
Microsoft is a very Dynamic organization, that have a lot of great product, and service. the company have reach a high maturity level in software development industry
Most the campus hires are very talented which strongly contracts the overall team. The working condition is above average in China.
Most the campus hires are very talented which strongly contracts the overall team. The working condition is above average in China.
Decent salary, Awesome facilities, Good work life balance initially (now a days it's not so good)
Organization charged with high energy. Great to work with the smartest people on the planet. Lots of opportunities for exposure.
- 70% can get away with doing mediocre work, with minimal effort, and still get a great salary. - Ability to work from home - benefits such as health care - most of the products truly sell themselves
Company values, pay and benefits are great
office and benefits are good
Good market position Good people and working environment Best place if you want to achieve work/life balance
Things are changing for better.. should be
Lot of options to move around the company across the globe
major responsibilities given at a very early stage in career esp in sales
major responsibilities given at a very early stage in career esp in sales
Salary, Stocks, Work from Home opportunities
Great Package Exellent Collegues and very helpul ones
great place to start a career
it's a good platform to learn and expand my vision and thinking from different perspective.
Competitive salary and great bonuses for high performing individuals
I enjoyed working there, great facilities. Great source of learning materials on line. My team was in the office division and everyone on the team were good people. Planning of sprints and reviewing, sharing information all worked very well in our team. I may apply to work there again in the future which says it all really.
very skilled people,and lots of work to keep busy
enterprise software product domination. cloud first, device first strategy is changing the company
Microsoft takes care of its employees. Most of the peers are friendly, so are the managers. Most of their HR policies are employee friendly. Easy to take days off and no one stops you from taking a holiday.
Good work life balance and company takes care of you and rewards you for what you have done. Generally mangers listen to your suggestions as your peers (not as subordinates).
Good benefits and compensations, multi culture employees, great environment for work.
A good learning experience , Good Benefits Looks good on CV
Brand recognition, still some very good people too.
Good pay and benefits, great working environment, good work-life balance
have balance work and good benefits.
Excellent Work Life Balance, Good perks and benefits, Good growth opportunities within the organization. The work environment is great and opportunity to work with the brightest minds in the industry.
Great work opportunities, great company
Good pay, nice culture, freedom
Well-structured working processes, flexible working hours (incl working from home), compensation at least on the average level, many professional peers.
Good pay, nice culture, freedom
Sales opportunities is very good
One of the world best place to work for. If you get a chance work for this company you wont regret it.
Supportive Team Members Hands on Latest Technology Facilities are great Lot of Learning
-The painful changes that the company is currently undergoing is going to set up Microsoft in an Amazing place for decades to come!!! -Get to work with extremely smart people everyday -Pride -Prestige -Great career development and growth potential -Best employee compensation , perks and Benefits in the industry. Great internal global events, parties and Conferences. -Opportunity to receive Corporate training for top US business schools -Fantastic Resume Builder
-Free coffee -Fancy offices -off-site visits -work is so convoluted its easy to not do anything
Good work environment, very knowledgeable colleagues, very friendly people. Interesting insight on technology. Enjoyable workspace and relaxation areas, pool, foosball and ping-pong tables. Good benefits. Breakfast and free refreshments in the office. Good pay. Good yearly bonus, depending on performance.
The SSP(Solution Sales Professional)s are working hard to cross-sell and up-sell the company's products and technologies with enthusiasm and passion.
*Great salary, *Very detailed, practical trainings and learning materials, *There is so much to learn!
plenty of smart people to work with and learn from and develop your career
Good employer with great benefits. Work from home/remote major benefit
They treat you well as employees Great people that work there
Great resources, and passionate people that are about solving technology challenges. The compensation package is more than adequate. The pace is fast so there is no room for boredom.
Good working environment, a lot of training materials for new grad to start, technical driven, benefits, brand recognition, decent work life balance
plenty of smart people to work with and learn from and develop your career
Its exciting and I have great work life balance. Opportunities available are awesome.
It's a workplace where jobs are role based, and once you are in, there are abundant of roles which you can apply and 'try'.
Lots of smart people, good opportunities to grow professionally.
A leading company. Great place to work, work/life balance not easy to achieve but doable. In my case most of the managers I had /met walk what they say. As you start achieving your goals, career opportunities open up. You can achieve bold goals, have real impact. You will usually get the recognition to your contributions. Solid values and policies to foster a great working environment and company reputation.
package, benfit, and location package, benfit, and location
brand value, descent pay scale,
- Company Values - Great compensations - Worldwide recognitions
Good work-life balance, good facilities
Good environment and nice staffs
Challenging and competitive environment, flexible work hours, loads of fun and possibilities to advance
Good work culture. Good environment.
So much to do. Other than work. Flexi working hours. Work from home. Many other facilities for health, recreation, transport etc. A very lenient leave policy.
awesome learning experience technical and mental environment is very simulating, some great brains around
People are very friendly and you can feel the talent in the office. I made good friends and learned so much from them. Salary is more than adequate and workload, while definitely not light, is still acceptable
Benefits are balanced, Salaries are good specially for Sales professions, the best company I have worked in with room for growth & flexibility in moving to different roles. A lot to learn & diversity of disciplines protect you from boredom. Achievers are well rewarded & recognized. Very good work environment
good salary good work environment great and smart colleagues opportunities to learn a lot...both technical and about people
1) Good work life balance despite high accountability and high pressure on delivering growth 2) Equal opportunity employer with great perks for employees (comprehensive medical insurance, discounted products) 3) Strong Enterprise focus 4) Ability to shift to diverse fields
Good salary, flexible work time.
Great office building. Hotel stay for 1st month an shuttle free.
Organized, clear goals, nice benefits and compensation.
1. Flexible work arrangements 2. Different platforms within to showcase innovation 3. A thinking company 4. Good pay
High performers are rewarded heavily
Excellent benefits and health care program Excellent benefits Excellent benefits
it is a big company, more opportunities.
Awesome company that truly gives you the work that you want but you better know what you want. Young hires get the best of the grooming and opportunities
Flexible work hours, proper work-life balance
Awesome company that truly gives you the work that you want but you better know what you want. Young hires get the best of the grooming and opportunities
Microsoft have a high technical materials to study and is really Global Company. Work-life balance, training.
Great benefits , brand value or working in MS, great exposure, international travel
culture learning travel opportunity rewards
Notable brand name and products. Some smart, talented managers, but few and far between.
Worked in India(Hyderabad) office. The campus like feel of the office is amazing. People are very friendly. Work life balance is very good.
Best work culture and staff
Flexitime. Giving preferential treatment to woman
- Benefits - From HR benefits such as emphasis on work-life balance and respect, down to the weekly free snack treats and the fridge full of soft drinks. - Salary - Salary in Microsoft is slightly above industry average. Sales people get higher basic package compared to industry (but there's a con here too, see below) - Respect - The management takes respect pretty seriously, and we really get to voice our opinion in a safe way - The technology - This is the place to be if you want to be in cloud and to see the latest software innovations - The brand - The name Microsoft opens a lot of doors
The company cares about personal career development
Environment is amazing, specially the team in Research Lab in Cairo. Culture and Agile development is a great value.
World class working environment and benefits. Great opportunities to learning and improving skills.
Some of the brightest people in the industry work here - creating amazing results for customers Ability to really make a difference
Excellent policies , very good work culture . Management is very good and ample opportunities for growth. People have sufficient time for lunch and provide excellent food.
People are nice and you will have plenty of opportunity to learn
Very good work culture. Independant work given Ownership of areas right from joining, even as fresher
Benefits, work culture, people. Work is mostly good but dependent on the team.
Compensation is good, Career opportunities are good
The people were awesome. Salary was good. Vacation and benefits too. Work was fun. Through the review process, feedback from coworkers + management helped me improve.
Good personal growth as long as you are contributing
Work hours are flexible You can work form home Policies sucks they are outdated People suck..they try to sell internally so much that they never go customer as such
1. Great work life balance except few teams/division 2. Pay is relatively good 3. campus is pretty awesome than other companies 4. Play grounds for outdoor games.
Excellent resources to learn, good team
I have access to good salary, bonus, education allowance, RRSP matching and of course benefits Get the dash trash to do low grade menial work You can focus on strategic work
very very very good good
He is internal guy.
very challenging projects that takes your skills and knowledge to their limits and beyond. good team-chemistry all around chance to mentor younger devs and see them get better
Excellent learning opportunities. It is truly infinite. Have a good compensation and reward mechanism. Get a chance to work with some true 'legends' whom blogs/articles you have read while growing up.
great pay package & culture
Work life Balance,Health Benefits, Snacks :), Work with state of the art technology and top companies in the market, Career Plan, Work Enviroment.Oportunities to do spcial assignment overseas, training.
The brand, a lot of the people, good overall pay and benefits package
Company benefits, medical, stocks, perks & hike
Work/life balance, innovative technology, friendly people.
Good work life balance. The company own the technology which can change the world although its influence is getting weak. Seamless integration across different products so that it is easier to elaborate the platform value especially in the business world.
Benefits, campus facilities, brand name.  Company has lot of good employee benefits e.g. free yearly health check-up, in-house Gym, paying grounds/courts, buses, night cabs.
Work with great, happy people
Get to work with best Machines and Developement stack. The impetus these days is on releasing a software
Great Company Culture Exciting new products Work-Life Balance is pretty good during slow quarters
better work life balance and value for your contributions
Great People, and pretty good technology
Amazing professional development, work life balance and overall care for employees
Very flexible environment at some places like evangelism (DPE): - every employee is expected to plan their results/action and make personal commitments - no strict rules, job descriptions you have to follow line-by-line (of course except general compliance stuff, which is obvious) - much of success depends on your ability to find people in other groups who have similar objectives in their field, build relations/trust and work together (cross-group collaboration)
Learning is good You would get lot of Exposure You can do all the MS Certifications for free Brand Name & facilities are good
Very easy products to sell
Great and Challenging Work with Excellent perks Microsoft is amazing when it comes to career growth and work life balance. Variety of domains to work on.Commendable Quality of work and Good working Environment An overall Great Experience , a lot to learn.
Networking is encouraged alot and is part of the culture. Office atmosphere, company meetings etc are great.  surrounded by good people and you can learn alot  good opportunities in changing roles internally
Great place to work, Good pay and FTE employee welfare.
Microsoft is amazing when it comes to career growth and work life balance. Variety of domains to work on. Just great.
The dash trash will work for you if you apply the right kind of motivation. It is a prestigious organization and looks good on your resume for sure. Write your own ticket from here.
Free to work, working and life balance
Good pay. Some really good co-workers.
Above average salary, still a good name to have on your resume, very diverse work environment, great for networking, if you are lucky and got a great manager you can enjoy it a lot
1. Good working Environment 2. Good pay and other benefits 3. Good place to learn new things
- Work life balance.. - Pay is good
They removed the peer review system but really it is still here Prestigious entry on your CV but need to find employment elsewhere (if desired) quickly as market catches up with reality of Microsoft today
Good HR Policies Lots of Fringe benefits Good Joining Bonus
Good salary and benefit. Extremely dynamic culture and environment. A lot of very heterogeneous job opportunities.
Opportunities everywhere. Freedom to execute your way if you are bringing the expected results. lots of brains, great talented people. Self service company
Great work Excellent Perks Technically challenging job
Great work Excellent Perks Technically challenging job
Best benefits available. People centric approach.
I had access to numerous growth and development opportunities across the 12 years I was at the company. I generally had great effective, customer and results orientated managers, many of who I created lasting connections with, and learned even from those who didn't fall in the great category. I felt well rewarded with a mix of pay, benefits, opportunities and recognition
-great benefits and perks -fantastic breadth of products and genuine valuable impact to society
Very efficient work environment by using Microsoft technologies. Very focused culture under clear directions from top management.
good salary, social recognition, global exposure
Very good company. Great benefit.
Employee friendly and liberal thinking
Great work culture Great work life balance You get to work on the latest technology Passionate about customers and technology Get to work with peers from across the globe Great work place and facilities provided
Company is drastically and rapidly changing the way it does things to become more agile.
Good opportunity to learn SQL server in Deep and opportunity to work abroad
People - work with some great leaders & developers Nice work & growth opportunities Diversity of work - variety of projects in almost all domains you aspire
You can actually get away with a straight 9:30-4:00 schedule if you know how to. Do not think it is all work here. Social aspects take precedence. You also have some dash trash and interns you can utilize. On the technology front Microsoft is still up to very important things. Satya recently expressed his opinion that we can be a three-pony trick. I believe it. good place to work
- Above average pay and benefits, but for some teams where the work sucks and/or its too hectic, I don't think they are justified in the compensation they receive for example in my case.
Microsoft Dublin is much different from Microsoft in Redmond. In Dublin, atmosphere is much calmer and it's great for families and people who don't want to have high pressure at work and advance slowly in their careers. They say it's impossible to get you fired. You do your job and you'll get promoted. Work hours are usually 9-18, but you're not paid for overtime. You can come and leave the office at any time. For less than three days sickness, you don't have to provide any kind of medical proof. You can work from home couple of days every month. There are many social activities you can participate, most of them for free, others with high discount.
- Lot of events - Very flexible on working hours
Stable, way ahead, Great technologies
Lots of amazing people and an exceptional product range - albeit a little confusing
Employee Friendly Appraisal is good Training is very good and expertise is availble for all technologies
great place to learn implement, wonderful people , some of the best technical minds.
great as you build prototypes and demos
Many top-notch people around, to work with and to create great teams from. Technical people are generally empowered more than in other big companies. Total compensation was excellent. Products built by the company reach many customers.
good facilities, free food and a lotta things to learn, ok pay!!
challanging company where you can learn a lot
Ms value people and talented, have standard process for everything, it's good for new hire to study how to develop big product here.
Very good salary Smart colleges Good line in the resume
Variety of products to work on. Mostly very smart peers to work with. Strong benefits. Very encouraging people around.
office culture, work life balance , quality of work , appreciation,salary
Flexible work hours, great pay and satisfactory work culture
Innovative ideas,Encouragement,Work Environment and Management
Excellent people - really bright, dynamic and fun
Overall, the atmosphere is very professional and positive - most people you work with will be approachable and committed. There is a huge focus on career development - you might actually be surprised at how much time and effort goes into planning your future with MS. The benefits were pretty good - no complaints in the department.
Fresh graduation program is amazing (MACH) that I have been part of it . HR is very supportive , and great flexibility working time . pay is great
great diversity even though its in it
good company and would suggest anyone joining unless your existing job is very bad or you don't have a job.
a lot of smart people, very open-minded. Comfortable working zone. Free drink. I can discuss with my mentor anytime
Challenging, and supportive atmosphere, where you can grow.
Great mentor, smart and friendly colleagues. Time is flexible.
Technical Training, Corporate Etiquette and Team Work
great opportunity and great boss
Compensation plan, top of the food chain for services, learn a lot
This is a big company u learn how to interact with all sort of individuals
The company provides competitive salary, flexible and diverse environment, and positive working culture. Most of people working there are very smart.
Technology , Technology, and ..Technology
Plenty of talent people, if you are passionate about technology, then this is one of the company you should be looking for.
The Money, the prestige. Sales employees are rewarded generously when this exceed their targets.
great place to work with
it became pretty worse company
Employee friendly policies. Flexible work culture helps you maintain a good work life balance
Great opportunity for students to work in an environment such as Microsoft. Very easy to fit with your obligations at the faculty. Great atmosphere and a chance to meet very interesting and intelligent people.
Nothing much to write about
Working in world's leading software and services company. That alone provides a great deal of satisfaction. Microsoft is headed in the right direction with the CEO change
International exposure to conference and access to global team knowledge
Structured company with lots of resources to learn and develop. Great and competitive salary and benefits. Exciting product range and goals. Awesome flexibility for working moms.
- Extremely smart people - Very professional organization - Great working environment and benefits - Especially good on the technology and sales sides
Some great work being done on Enterprise social, really fast moving area to work in with some solid thought leadership.
1. various resources for you to grow 2. great peers 3. challenging work
Big co lots of of orgs
The culture enables you to make decisions quickly and the management will encourage the professional development and growth.
Empowerment. Enablement. Great teams full of bright people. Managers are efficient and proactive. Good salary and benefits. great exposure to projects.
Great salary, wonderful perks, pampered life
Good feedback, great learning experience.
Really good about letting employees consider lateral moves across divisions and disciplines. Fair compensation. Overall, the culture of the company at the working level is constructive and trusting. Nothing better than working with people who want to make a difference.
Working with awesome people. Opportunity to learn a lot. Experiencing great office culture. Generous compensation. Challenging projects and interesting problems that need to be solved. Opportunity to work on features used by millions of people.
-Mostly great peers and good collaboration on an international team level -Access to all the newest tech -Opportunity to evolve as a person
Benefits, access to training, current technology and gadgets always leading edge. Good name for a resume to move to another organization that embraces its employees. Flexible working hours...or more clearly - does 10+ hours a day no matter how you fit them in to your life a benefit?
Gives decent pay, have good outlook
Great company, treat their employees well, great communication and there are always exciting changes happening. Rewards were great and a lot of focus on team work.
Being Microsoft. A tremendous legacy from being the biggest software company in the world and, at times, innovating with life changing products. It remains a great place to work as is born out by workplace surveys year after year. You are surrounded by smart people in a respectful culture and generally strong leaders.
Multiple Opportunities with challenging work Chance to implement your ideas and drive innovation Bright teams and individuals around and a very healthy team environment Clear growth plan if you get into to a real good team with a good manager
Multiple Opportunities with challenging work Chance to implement your ideas and drive innovation Bright teams and individuals around and a very healthy team environment Clear growth plan if you get into to a real good team with a good manager
Good salary good good good
Learn by doing, great people work there, lots of opportunity, very energetics and believe it or not - flat mgmt structure. Got to work with VP's
It is Great working atomosphere^^
The salary and benefits are competitive. Smart and friendly colleagues. Great working environment. Get chance to network with MSer abroad.
people focus- ability to identify failure modes and start from scratch
Huge amount of resources, good people, and great benefits.
Managers are really supportive and they welcome your ideas. a very collaborative and inspiring environment. A great place for a fresher.
Big company, iconic but small company feel
Great benefits, lots of products, locations and teams to choose from, great culture and good work-life balance
OK benefit, lots of learning and training chances, lots of projects and challenges.
Compensation is above market level, good benefits Working with many smart people Working on big projects that impact millions. Multiple teams touching many Microsoft products. Most people have offices (1-2) (but this is changing) Relocation opportunities
Great People, interesting Work, Always changing
Good salary, Nice workplace,Great People, Market leader
you have everything to be successful and high degree of autonomy
People are passionate about their work. Still some smart and talented people.
Good work life balance, nice people and campus
Responsibility of managing your time , Training time is given to face all challenges
Culture promotes being your best, super place to work. Encouraged to grow and develop all the time.
Benefit are better then other companies.
fun, challenging, stimulating, motivating, inspiring, proud to be a part of,
Good team and challenging work, food, perks, Atmosphere, interesting, technology
1. Decent work life balance 2. Excellent culture 3. Good compensation and perks
Good company, good people and management. You have many opportunity around world, networking and great culture
World-class technology company that ships products that affect millions of users all over the globe. You will enjoy your work with the top talents in the research and development fields.
Very good culture. Cohesive environment
work life balance, well pay, career growth
Good to stay in as stable work
Flexible, secure employment. Okay salary.
Constantly help each other out
Very good. Good environment, good hw and sw resources. Good work lift balance. Doing great product. Work with smart and experienced guys.
Microsoft is a school in cross-functional teamwork, personal ownership, accountability, measurement and reporting. It holds very high values and emphasizes impeccable ethical conduct.
Global company. OK pay and conditions.
colleagues are always at hand to help, flexible hours, employees are treated well
Microsoft is the best company of world
Great People, benefits and opportunities
Company prestige, acceptable retribution package, decent cafeteria, some opportunities to learn.
Good compensation and benefits Good place for a fresh guy to learn technical skills and soft skills
great culture, a lot of self-development opportuniies, company investing in people education like no other vendor I know, and real profy around you and good people at the same time.
free working hours and life/work balance
free working hours and life/work balance
Office 365 was a growing up product when i was working in Microsoft Asian Pacific Center. One of the best places to learn cloud service technologies and soft skill from Microsoft support engineers.
Fantastic people, hard working, but full of life personalities under one hood
Flexible work schedule (goal driven) High percentage of people with family/kids, so it's normal to have to take time to attend family matters Pay a bit above industry average Huge company allows to change job/manager while remaining in the same company Recent review process revision was much needed
The work culture is one of the best in the world, peers are passionate about technology, there is always something new to learn everyday, new challenges every day will keep you ticking and there would not be a single boring day [provided you are in the right job that's aligned to your passion], people never say no to helping you out or pointing you in the right direction.
- Fast-paced and challenging - Smart people - Great benefits and facilities
Very smart people, action oriented and really dedicated to the company success. Lots of ressources available to achieve the job. Easy access to top decision makers in the accounts.
good environment, good self study and career path
Great tech company to work for and tries to keep up with others who are all fighting for our attention.
Great environment, chance to improve myself.
i lke the system for make sure all data punching iwithin time frame and for work life /balance
hard working people, nice culture
At the core... A great company to learn, grow and empower, Technically and Socially
Interesting projects (mostly) Many career opportunities Strong peer engineers
There are many white space of our server or cloud business. So, we can realize the incredible win for the enterprise market.
Lots of work, but with great people and tools. Perfect life and work give you extra boost.
Intelligent individuals at work, fun to be around, lots of perks and very good work culture. World's best products to top it all.
Good Salary and benefits a lot to learn technically
A good company to start your career. People came here from all around the glob and this makes the atmosphere very unique.
This is one of the best places where one can learn about the art of developing very large scale software. The learning here is helping us in our services business.
A really nice company to work for, lovely office building. Great staff and bosses. Benefits were really good and, at the end of the year, there was always chance for a bonus.
Smart people everywhere. Zero discrimination. What matters is what you can do and the experience you have had
Some extremely smart people and some intersting roles to tackle. Varied and diversified product set.
This is one of the best places where one can learn about the art of developing very large scale software. The learning here is helping us in our services business.
Great benefits, discussions with manager about going forward in life, doing what I love.
work life is something you look for in this company, people do support your way of completing tasks rather than fixed hours
very good work life balance Great opportunities
Great environment, several levels of work all coordinated
Good benefit and internal trainings.
The company provides a lot of great training, with many opportunities to grow a career. The environment is one of learning.
Being part of a Global Technology Leader
A great company for technology professionals who prefer not to get into management. A wide set of technology areas to work with
If you want to grow and learn a lot of things, this is the company for you.
Microsoft is the home of the best and brightest minds in the IT industry. Great perks above industry standard. Very flexible work location options.
high pay good learning environment so many opportunities
Less stress, good place to enjoy the life
Innovation, Truly Global scope and full of opportunities.
Great compensation package - well above industry average. Opportunity to work with the largest companies in the world. Several training and learning opportunities. Very flexible work arrangements
money maker, big bonuses, PTO, room to grow
Big brand, good internal community, if you are lucky u might get opportunity to work with product groups. Some very nice people. Good opportunity to learn new technologies.
lot of opportunity with in
Incredible breadth of products and markets provide ample opportunity to take your career in nearly any direction particularly if you are willing to relocate to Redmond.
- Overall package is very good - salary, bonuses and benefits. - Good work/life balance, if you are in the right division or have the right manager. - Has the potential to do great things and still has some amazing products.
best talent, maximum reach of products, fast cycle time, numerous teams and products to options to lateral move
Good facility, open culture, lot of readiness and employee friendly environment
Great Place , Great People , Great Culture. Good Benefits . Appreciated and noticed for taking initiatives.
Your Growth pretty much depends on how you drive it. Great people to work with. Lot of sincerity in the company.
Great people , great technology work
Famous company.Customers meeet with us by company's name.
Benefits and work life balance
Benefits and work life balance
Frequent hangouts, nice and big campus
Dynamic environment, a lot of talented professionals to work with, diversified product/ solution offerings
Great learning place and open environment
Brand market share innovation drive for new markets
Looks good on your CV, acceptable salary
Lots of opportunity to do different things and get into different areas. The breadth of the company is unmatched
Good Salary, Comfortable Working Environment, Freedom to be successful, good benefits, good projects to be involved with and change the world. Interesting network of colleagues.
best life & best pals to work with
Good brand, good salary. The work life balance is very good too. It's a great place to build one's career. I would highly recommend.
Broad range of internal positions available. Easy to move between teams and take up new challenges. Good employee benefits Organization cares for the professional growth of employees
Great company, Interesting people, very good experience
This is really annoying go away
Competitive salary, excellent benefit package, good work/home life balance, training opportunities, advancement opportunities, dumped the dreaded ranking system, changing culture, challenging work, and an exciting future for the company.  During the "One Microsoft" re-org I've been lucky enough to have three new, awesome engineering managers to interact with. They are some of the best managers I have ever had in my entire career.
Amazing work group, working environment.
A great company that mostly cares about their people and frankly somewhere you know you will never be embarrassed to have worked. Microsoft cares for the people on the planet, just look at all the philanthropy the company engages in. I am proud to work at Microsoft and can put up with the occasional corporate silliness.
Lots of self management , learning opportunities - Most managers are above average
Great learning of how a corporate really works
lots of opportunities across a wide variety of businesses
Employee friendly policies, excellent work environment, quality of workforce, flexibility of moving roles and locations
Big company, lots of opportunities
Working on large scale products.
Great project with a huge user base and opportunity to grow. Perfect work/life balance. Strong global strategy.
More money at this company
This is the place for anyone who works on Microsoft technologies
Latest technology, Excellent training, Good benefits
Intelligent co-workers, good resources, great benefits.
Have contact with the newest technology.
Very strong people and fantastic range of products and passion for them
Sea of Talented individuals in organization
Very productive, at the forefront of technological development. Innovative and with a clear, defined organizational culture.
Plenty of opportunities to learn. Good WLB. Open and honest peers and managers.
lots of opportunities to develop oneself
Good money, decent work and timings are fine
Very employee friendly. Great learning atmosphere. Infinite opportunities to grow further. Very knowledgeable peer. Good compensation. And a sense of pride to work for the best software company in the world
+ great colleuges + the best office + fun customers
Great place for junior people to start off.
Projects with huge scale. Cutting edge technologies. Good salary package. Options for advancing career.
the perks are good, hours are reasonable most of the time, and the peers are very smart
- Good Pay - Wide variety of Diverse Technologies to work at if you are in Development. - Nice Campus
- Good Pay - Wide variety of Diverse Technologies to work at if you are in Development. - Nice Campus
Great place to learn and improve, good smart technical people, good culture and flexible working.
Big company, with a lot of oppurtunities
Strategic view of the business, environment
big, famous, technlogy titan, talented community
it provides lots of resources in the daily work, which can be utilized to ease the work and promote your self.
It is a good for to work for.
It provides unlimited career opportunities
lots of responsibility, good career path, great canteen!
Good company to start your career
Supporting colleagues and managers Smart people Reward for impact Huge technology assets
a lot of perks and good place to work and good place to stay work
Initially MSFT was a great place to work. Its sheer size and scale meant there were numerous interesting work challenges, a clear career path, international work opportunities and smart people to work with.The benefits were good and the pay fair.
Positive people, a lot of ramp-up, care, help. Employee is provided with all he needs to be effective. Interesting tasks, rotating of responsibilities. If you are talanted and passionated you will be promoted. Up-to-date tecknologies world. Art and modern inside, great outside
You're taken care of. Good technology to work with. Smart people to work with.
Brilliant transparent culture,amazing faclities and extremely high and ethical corporate culture
Great culture and people with competitive benefits
Coming as the leader in IT, CLoud, Gaming, Entertainment
Good experience in a great product company.
We review and approve every post before it appears on our site, and in the case that the community sees something suspicious we will look into the issue and take appropriate action
We review and approve every post before it appears on our site, and in the case that the community sees something suspicious we will look into the issue and take appropriate action
You get a chance to work with really smart set of people and that helps challenge yourself to get better every day.
Great people Lots of career possibilities Fantastic technology
1. best company in this planet 2. the most talent engineers 3. great work life balance
-you will work among the most talented people -extremely flexible work hours -on job learning is great -mentor programs available -can discuss career path with managers/mentors and they will help you get started
Flexibility and salary. Insightful and fun.
Technology applied to your day-by-day, Benefits, No Routine, Global Company
Strong corporate culture that allows you to get familiar with big corporations Good knowledge about IT infrastructure products
The culture, the empowerment, the work environment, the learnings of the industry and being part of a very dynamic team, having the ability to orchestrate your own projects and making a tangible impact.
Lot of experienced highly professional coders A great place to learn
good environment for tech exposure
1. Great people all around 2. Amazing work life balance 3. Some nice perks and benefits 4. The teams usually work hard and like to party harder
Lots of training, very professional and friendly staff, ok salary and tons of perks
Great Work Life Balance. You are empowered to take decisions, no matter what level you are at. Career Opportunities are abundant, you can move in a lateral or vertical direction. Focus on promoting people from within. You just need a passion and dedication to succeed, not much emphasis on academics.
- Great product set - Good employee benefits
Great Work Opportunity for students who just graduated. Good mentoring and management systems
culture for open and direct,respectful communication, projects are interesting and impactful
infinite budget concept. we are operating under infinite time and budget and resources which is unrealistic at all
Good compensation model, work-life balance
Extremely employee friendly culture Decent Salary Excellent Brand value Great work environment Excellent Brand value Great work environment
Great Company to work for
Work life balance is pretty good. You have time to see the whole picture and care about what you do and you can do great things. You can make a difference and enrich your experience. Compensation is better than average and benefits are good. Well respected company. I have been working here for 20+ years. I think my life experience here is rich and varied. I joined when we just released Win 3.1 and it was not a Windows world yet. We were a young company and working away from a bottom up culture. We were just figuring out things. I met Bill Gates and talked interactively to him for 15 mins. I did impact full things that mattered a lot. So many good people. I could indulge my passion around work.
Agile More opportunities Open network Ability to move inside the organization
Lots of technologies to work on
none that I can think of.
Perks, industry benchmarking Salary, Brand name,
many potential career paths fair to good comp package including stock awards good health care coverage, flexible
Pay and Perks, Campuses, Transparency, Smart people to work with, pay-hikes
Good Salary. Good people. Overall Good.
1. You can control, which area you wish to build your expertise on. 2. Lots of great teams to work in. 3. Great perks. 4. Totally a personal call, if you wish to extend your peers as 'beer budies'.
There is a tremendous buzz at Microsoft, all of the people are smart and driven to succeed. If Microsoft aren't first in pretty much anything the question is always "what do we need to do to be number 1?".  This behaviour is endemic and really underpins the culture of the entire organisation.  I worked in the consulting organisation (MCS) and experienced a real variety of projects across a number of customer organisations. Delivering projects when you knew that your team were real experts and that they had the backup of the product development team was incredibly reassuring and this allowed MCS to bid for projects that other technology delivery organisations would shy away from.  Getting in to MCS is not easy, the bar is very high and the interview process lengthy. Expect a telephone interview which, if successful, would be followed by an all day interview which would consist of 3 interviews (peer/competency, hiring manager and HR) plus a role play/programming exercise.  Microsoft has a great benefits package including free broadband and mobile 'phone. One the things that I particularly liked was the free bowl of fruit in the kitchen every day.
Good Salary. Good people. Overall Good.
1) Good Compensation 2) Work with latest MS Technology
Technology is fantastic, they live and breath their products which is a good endorsement for customers. Good flexibility using technology and they do think about fairness in treating people
connecting cutting-edge research with real-world product
Great Place to work and build a career
Great environment, fast pacing, and continuously evolving.
The people there are brilliant and willing to help others.
Training, Flexi time and other benifits.
Great environment if you want to make a difference, mix of young and mature employees
Very open culture, lots of freedom
Nice place to work for..
The company supports career development as well as flexibility on location. Diversity of culture is quite good.
Compensation is great. You get to use the best of technology, including laptops, tablets and phones. Training is never ending, and there are tons of diverse opportunities to explore.
benefits, setup, flexible hours why do i need to add 20 word of pros if there aren't that many?
benefits, work life balance, great pay, good trainings, truly multinational
International Environment, Stock Option/Awards, Continue learning
Challenging work and well organised team.
There is a HUGE amount of human talent in this company - really brilliant people.
the Work Life Balance and flexiblilty
the Work Life Balance and flexiblilty
Smart people, flexible schedule (you can work from home whenever you think it's necessary), you always learn something new, you know people from all over the world, you Always have big challenges ahead
Culture and Values, Great Technology
- Freedom to pick your tasks - Wide resources - Different People - Salary matching the competition
Good working environment. Good food.
cool technologies, lots of opportunities
Great methodologies and processes especially account mgmt., business segmentation, MSSP including account mining. Involvement of senior management and high level of customer connects.
Good Team in my department
1. good culture 2. good salary
Lots of revenue and lots of job opportunities
very upbeat, pleasure to work with energetic people. People in general are open to ideas and very cooperative
Microsoft offers excellent benefits, let you have flexible schedules improving your work-life balance. HR does an amazing job at taking care of you. The company makes it easy to transfer between the various groups.
The people are talented, energetic and hard working. The facilities and benefits are good. There are a wide range of roles available, for some roles career progression means moving to Redmond.
Work culture, access to unlimited resources, learning opportunities,
-it is not just work it is life style -access to the market -independence -immense learning opportunities -ability for development -making a change -leader in some areas, contender in others -all up business acumen from consumer to enterprise -competitive environment -company that learns from its mistakes -very nice package if you are high achiever -it is ok to make mistakes if it makes you stronger -most likely lot of changes are upon the company - lots of opportunities to learn and advance :)
Great employee work ethic, flexi hours, great policies, superb trainings
1. Relatively attractive pay offered by this company 2. You will manage work and personal life very well, which sets you up for long term career 3. Apart from compensation they provide lot of perks like broad band bill, mobile bills, fitness bills, child care allowance , free shuttle service etc ...
Good culture, great people, nice benefits
Great culture, benefits and ability to work cross collaboratively with lots of teams.
Work life balance, will have your own time for own life. Growth like like a government company.
- Better compensation, lucrative joining bonus - Cafeteria, well stocked pantry - Good giving campaigns, yearly round of charitable giving - Open to lateral movements across teams, locations - Supports distance learning and even funds some of the well recognized courses!
good company to work and stay for long time
People are crazy about the Brand
Lot of Opportunities and solid society
There is rule help employee increase salaries who has good performance .
1) If you work on the windows group you will get access to millions of lines of heavily cluttered code and within few months you will develop this ability to work through such complicated and convoluted code and In future someone who has always worked on a clean code base competes with you they will struggle whereas you will shine :)  2) If you leave msft to a different organization whom msft perceives as a competitor [the other company may not reciprocate this perception :) ] then they will pay you in full for your entire notice period and also waive off the notice period. So you get amazing benefits when you leave :) to the right company
Great products and good perks, Elasticity in your roles and responsibility, so you have many opportunities to be involved in projects or works you have personal interest in.
1. People you work with 2. Senior management is very able and are always ready to help 3. Interesting projects 4. Clear career growth trajectory 5. Good work life balance
enjoy working with smart people
Good work culture. Good people and nice policies.
Fast-paced technological environment Very creative and talented people Flexible work conditions
Big company, multiple possibility to work on different projects and switch between teams, pay is generally ok.
I'm currently working at Microsoft and I appreciate working there. This is a good experience for me and for my future.  -Salary -People -Experience -willingness -Salary
Great market captivity in operating system division. Great growth demonstrated by entertainment division (Xbox). Financially very stable (sitting in a huge pile of cash). Lastly, finally they made a great and bold decision for retiring Steve. Stock market reacted positively with that! GREAT!!
Wide range of Career Job Opportunities
Challenging and competitive environment, you get rewarded for your hard work
-Work/life balance - Flexible work hours - Strong team players with exceptional professionalism - Sense of collaboration - Performance recognition and career development
Very good work environment, friendly co-workers, good stress busters activities like xbox , etc
Great technology exposure, Good management team, Good compensation, Huge career opportunities
- If you like solving problems, the developer support team is the best for you. - Salary was good. - Working hours were specified.
Training, Individual Contributor staff, the toilets and general surrounds were kept clean & tidy but that's down to hard working vendors
Microsoft is the best company in the world. This is very big platform to learn more and i will very glad when i join there Presently i am working as a project consultant i have done some project like indianoil,NTPC,UDYOG BHAWAN,POWERGRID,FICCI, HUMBOLT,some other project i have done presently i am working in active directory environment I have done BCA , PRESENTLY I AM DOING MBA-IT in lovely professional university,
-Once you have worked a few years here your Resume is brought to a new level of Game -You see firsthand how this giant Tech company functions -You will gain a complete level of new confidence that comes with working for Microsoft. -Almost unlimited training and career development (Self driven) -You work in an environment of people who really seem to care about customers -Most people are always willing to assist -Great collaboration tools, you can find out almost anything if you are persistent.
The work is challenging and fun and it is about creating and educating new concept
Microsoft IT is good for people looking just a job not for people who wants to work on challenging stuffs.
Microsoft is a great place for people who enjoys family life and work-life balance. Also for people like me, stability and long-term business is a bug plus.
Great pay Broad responsibilities People you get to work with Business processes
- Access to resources be it software or hardware. - Access to information be it from other colleagues or online information repositories - Good office environment with relaxation areas
great place and nice people work together
Great brand as admired company
Microsoft is a great company to start your career in - salaries are good, the work is interesting and colleagues are smart.
Fantastic benefits and due to the size of the organisation with variation of products there is potential to develop your career and skills in a number of facets.
Great work life balance , great benefits, great campus
Global company, great facilities, great benefits, amazing ambitious people, good vibe and sense of common goal.
The People, The Ethic, The Technology
Lots of big company benefits I got to see the world - literally Pay and benefits are good
leader of the industry, fast pace company, very suitable for the young and dynamic attractive renumeration packages, stellar career growth, daring company especially with the launch of microsoft surface (it's a wonderful piece of technologies).
Smart people, generally speaking. Good benefits beyond salary. A name people recognize - although not as cool as it used to be.
Great work culture, Great people, Flexibility
Great People from diverse background. Technically Savvy Good Career opportunities
Great People from diverse background. Technically Savvy Good Career opportunities
Work Life Balance solely depends on you
Flexible work timings Benefits and perks Great campus and infrastructure Big company and brand name many different opportunities to explore
Brand Name MS Products for discount
1 rich internal resources 2 work in an international environment 3 open working atmosphere
Great benefits and work life balance if you work at it. You'll get to work with some super smart and inspiring people every day. You'll get great access to gadgets to show off. The customers are generally great to work with and you'll be challenged and empowered often.
Free software, everything you need to do your job is at your fingertips. Top notch office equipment provided and you will work on some very cool projects.
Some great products and a great history.
Nice staff. Decent environment. Good pay. Flexible work schedule. Shows promise of new layer to platform, but underlying system does not change which is a problem.
Great environment to work in with so many great people
colleagues are equally motivated and work professionally
Most of the people are brilliant and they create a good environment.
Great learning experience and good work\life balance
Good company to work for. you will get good exposure and opportunities to learn things are more
A visionary company, with great and experienced professionals whose help you to grow up professionaly.
Compensation, cutting-edge technology, many opportunities
High package Benefits are good Flexi time
Best minds to work with, culture, Cutting edge technology, lot of options
Amazing set of people & culture
Smart people, Nice environment, Good salary pay
Good opportunity to grow your career
Salary is OK, Not so much politics in field
Money paid by microsoft is alot
if you just want to stretch yourself technically, this is a great place to work.
Amazing company, acts like a startup
Open Culture for the employees. Super place to work for. Good perks.
The company provide conditions that almost guarantee the future of the employee. It may be not that bright but very stable.
If you wish to live on cutting edge technology then this is the place to start your career or spent initial years of your career.
Great innovation, great culture and great work life balance
The people, products and environment you work in, using the latest technologies and infrastructure, being on the forefront of technical developments
compensation, people, work is great
- Brand name - perks are good  -Amazing infrastructure and nice recreation facilities as well(pool,tt,tennis etc.)
Great work culture, lot of opportunities to grow personally and professionally, good employee development opportunities, great talents, and good pay
One of the best places to work for
great company with a strong local management and culture
Amazingly smart people, Wide array of job options, Technology depth
all good, nice people, good money and travel expensess
Lots of opportunity, very talented co-workers, great benefits, good work-place environment
Smart people.. they bring with them an energy that'll get you charged up as well and inspire you to reach your full potential!
co-workers are good, culture is typically open, work is decent, top leadership is very good, pay is at par with industry, company is going in the right direction with the current re-org and focus on collaboration and team-work instead of political tussles
Gold products and a lot of good manager. Challenging environment pushing people To vive more and more
Excellent international scope to the role, in a growing change phase of the company's progression
decent perk, good benefits compare to others
Flexibiltiy, Oppurtunities to grow, Awesome work environment
good,innovative,tey allow u 2 purue ur field of interest.G8!
Great place to work, you get to work with some of the brightest and most brilliant people in the industry, some equally visionary leaders and motivators. The more social you are within the company (across the world) and innovative, the faster your growth. Its about being at the right place at the right time. You have to really work extra hard to justify why you are better than your peers since Microsoft follows a stack ranking system for appraisals and promotions.
Great system. No hardwork for getting things . Have to tell great job done for everything. Good facilities . Good cash flow in business. Very good set of knowledgeable people around. Is a cash rich organisation however is doing many strategic mistakes. Missed the moble bus, search bus, digital bus... quite late now !
It is a good place to work with talent people
gives ample freedom and opportunities to further ones own career
Awesome place to work. Management is partial and they need to focus on employee work satisfaction. Management is partial and they need to focus on employee work satisfaction.
Very smart people, focused and great opportunities for advancement with the right team. Excellent benefits and competitive salary. On campus benefits are fantastic. Always opportunities to reach out to other areas of the business and as long as you're doing your job, you are respected.
Access to all technology great people
Great office and working environment, probably best in the country. Opportunity to work on wide range of technologies.
Stable work and flexible hours
this place special. Some of the brightest minds in the world work here. People with unique experiences, skills and passions, recognize the importance of providing them with an open environment that’s conducive to ‘free thinking’ and innovative work.
Great package with benefits, very objective performance assessments, well run company, massive range of work across customers in every business segment.
Microsoft is very diverse, cultured, good work environment and you're always the 1st to see what is going to be revealed in the Technology market but you are the last in terms of being in Egypt internally at Microsoft.
The buildings are great and landscaping is well maintained.
Good working place with big sunny cubics. Nice security guards and cleaners. Many conference rooms and focus rooms for discussions.
Challenging work, intellectuals around you. Lot to learn. Most important thing. you coding skills will reach perfection.
Challenging work, intellectuals around you. Lot to learn. Most important thing. you coding skills will reach perfection.
- good pay and benefits - wealth of information and knowledge on company intranet - intelligent coworkers, nice people do exist below the Director level - lots of job opportunities and global mobility if you can handle the game - casual attire every day - free Starbucks coffee
A great company to work for, innovative and passionate
Driven company with very few wage slaves. Most people want to work there
Chance to work with some smart people, good benefits and brand name
training while it stand still
Technology is cutting edge, people are highly qualified
Lots of varied job opportunity
Work/life balance Access to the latest technology Alright benefits
- This company makes you in love with it. - BillG, I respect to the core. - US management is excellent and wanting to go in a constructive direction.
Great compensation and benefits, flexible work environment, unlimited possibilities to grow on your career
Best Perks and salary in Indian market. Lots of cool things to do during work. Immense opportunity to grow technically
good settings with suttle bus to the campus
Company is brilliant to work for as far as environment, products, customers opening the door to you etc.
Cool technology. Good benefits. Nice colleagues.
All the best things an SE can expect, he/she can get it here! Will come back some day.
So much money - great benefits, good salaries and plenty of ability to do nothing at all.
good people, nice perks and working environment
Work Environment and Great technology
- A good place to learn - Everyone has very clear commitment to align with management - On the right track
ample no of opportunities available
* You get good salary * Employees are treated very well * You get to learn a lot of Microsoft technologies
Mature working environment allowing a flexible working style, deliverable based, competitive and goal orientated, supportive and collaborative colleagues.
It is good be a part of Microsoft company.It is good be a part of Microsoft company.It is good be a part of Microsoft company. It is good be a part of Microsoft company
good benefits & talanted co-workers
One gets to work with some of the very best people in the industry.
Good place to learn and grow
People are relaxed and respectful to each other
The incredible breadth of Microsoft business makes this company a very unique organization. Almost anything under the Sun is here in one way or another. If you love technology and are passionate about working in a place where your contribution matters, this is one of the few companies on Earth where this is possible
Very good culture and people Lot of opportunities to work across different products and technologies
Great place to work and learn
Best in class company for cutting edge technology.
work culture, quality of work are better than most
great worklife balance, open to change and new ideas
Great work Culture and value system, lot of focus on people development and great tech to invent and work for.
good experience, very competetive, talent students and mentors
Good Salary Career Opportunities Career Growth Nice Campus Good Traveling Opportunity
Many kinds of projects to choose from, always using latest technologies.
1. Options to move to different roles 2. Overall development 3. Good work-life balance
A good place to learn.
A good place to learn.
Work life balance is good, compensation is at par with industry.
Nice offices, great products, great colleagues, great working atmosphere in general
Free soda and good benefits
-Money for relatively no work -Free soda -Management work schedules follow a corporate rhythm so you always have a set schedule
Best place to work, for me, as of now.
benefits breaks money coworkers managers
excellent people, good benefits, development opportunities
Working with Super geeks, Super environment to do the good work, career opportunities we get here
Same IC as Account Manager
-lots of benefits - you can ask and get pretty much anything you need. - great corp deals on work travel - hotels, airlines, etc - work life balance - devs are treated very well - bonuses can be good
Challenging Job, Competitive Environment and Work Life balance Also
Comfortable as a Project Manager
Microsoft provides a great training ground to really grow your professional skills - sales, marketing, program management, etc.
Always ahead of technology, which is fun.
Talented people with innovative ideas.
1. Very lucrative facilities. You are pampered here. Gifts are immense. 2. Great place to work and learn technology. 3. Great to work in a fast paced, competitive environment. 4. Provides good work life balance. 5. Good pay packs compared to peer organisations.
It is important to not that at Microsoft, like most large companies your employment experience will vary greatly based on your group, team and direct manager.  Some very smart, creative people huge range of jobs, roles and teams to keep you interested good salary and great benefits lots of opportunities to give back to the community
Great people and a very good company with its employee. A learnt a lot.
Amazing place to do anything you can dream off if you have the talent.
Challenging roles. handful salary. healthy culture and professionalism. full of perks
A lot of mobility between teams and countries. Great intelligent people working here. Lots of opportunities to learn, many responsibilities from day 1. Great perks (this year we got Surface and Windows Phone).
One of the best companies to work for with good work culture
Good benefits Great campus Some good co-workers
Pro-People company Great benefits Great learning opportunities Lots of role transfers possible
Cash - company is sitting on a mountain of cash and can afford to blow big budgets for Marketing campaigns every quarter which makes your job easy. Products with significant market share - Windows and Office - as a Marketer, you can expect sales to roll in regardless of how well you do (or in the case of many - don't) your job well
International working environment, competible pay and interesting projects.
Cutting Edge Technologies, Great Processes & People
Great culture, awesome products used by millions
great working culture , perks , talent appreciation ,competitiveness
The company itself is very good and provides good benefits and perks, including free products at certain times. At times the job involved playing XBOX and running fun workshops for kids. It's an excellent company to have on your resume, and there is some potential for using it as a springboard to a corporate position at Microsoft (although I cannot say how possible this really is).
Large, well known name to have on your CV
A warm, but challenging company with extremely intelligent individuals. It's processes and procedures are world class with probably the best documentation I've ever encountered. Salaries and benefits are at the top end of the market and it is by far a 'pay-for-performance' group.
middle of the road pay/perks
Great perks, American style compensation
Amazing opportunities, amazing impact on peoples lives, amazing opportunities to contribute to technology and development. Also amazing opportunities to develop your own skills and career, to connect with wonderful specialist.
We get paid really well!! Canteen is good.
- they know how to host parties
The name of the company.
Great Resources, lot's of oppurtunities to growth
Great Resources, lot's of oppurtunities to growth
Numerous professional opportunities, culture open to change
It's great to work in the company, where your software will be used by billions of people in the world. You're getting top-knotch business and technical experience here. You can definately take your career to international level in Microsoft.
a well-structured company, as a part-time student working there, employers are patient to teach you stuff as long as one wants to learn
It's exciting to be able to work on products that impact literally millions of people especially on products as recognizable as those produced by Microsoft. Who doesn't know Microsoft: Windows, Outlook, Skype, you name it. The benefits here are also very competitive and compete with the top in the software industry.
You will be working in a high speed and world-class business environment, so you will be able to have a chance to grow yourself that helps building your career.
good benefits, great salary, some good people
flexi working, career opportunities, challenges, job keeps changing so you won't get bored
Great work culture, competetive compensation, great facilities and a more than useful benefit program.
Good company to work for
Good Work culture, Flexible timings, Good career grooming and good technical growth path. Excellent facilities
training was ok i guess
Strong, values based culture (in Australian subsidiary) focused on personal development and rewarding high achievers. Very high average IQ and capability of staff. Good alignment of personal goals to company goals. Great benefits package.
Started off well, used to be very customer focussed, slowly declined with less and less focus on their customers great products and innovating to Cloud strategy that really is very good Used to be a good Brand Name
Almost unlimited possibilities for personal and career development You get to work with highly ambitious people in a very competitive environment Flexible working environment and great collaboration tools for it (work from anywhere at any time)
good salary and compensation and job
salary, training, bulding, hr, reviews, learning
Great campus, very smart peers, Great employee benefit package
Clever people Strong Identity great feeling of making a difference to the world
Tthe work was quite easy and all employees that I worked with were easily accessible and helpful. Good amount of paid vacation, they treat their employees well.
Good pay, good benefits, travel on the cards too. MS on your resume always looks great.
Great company with good culture and values
Renumeration is good for a large corporate. Shares given regularly though upside on shares is low. Access to great technology, and good staff software perks including employee purchase and free MSDN Ultimate.
After 10 years still enjoying Microsoft Services org
If you are good you will get far. You are measure for your performance. You can make a lot of money if you work hard and make it happen.
Good work and benefits. Great colleagues.
good recognition, good opportunities, great employee office perks and flexible work schedules (work from home etc.)
Awesome company to work...decent salary...very good work life balance...really intelligent people...and very employee friendly company
Smart, passionate people, good career growth potential with international mobility. Open and honest feedback depending on your manager Huge company with many possibilities, though it is increasingly difficult to change roles within the company.
Great work environment Flexible hours Lots of opportunities to grow You got bore of the technology you are working on, no problem switch to another completely different product in the company Good benefits package
Good people, nice campus, decent projects to lean
Worklife balance and good cultural mix
Opportunity to lead industry, Smart People/Team, excellent resources, great campus, on the job learning
Great company, smart people, many locations, many opportunities...Promote well from within.
Open and friendly environment. Access to technology and outstanding resources. Great oportunity to work alongside with the greatest minds of the IT Industry. Strong commitment to Work/Life Balance. Recognition. These are just some of the things I can say and that I've experienced from working in MSFT Support.
Flexible and pleasant work environment Some great colleagues Interesting work and room for growth Constant personal development and challenges
Great pay and benefits. Opportunity for self-improvement is the best. If you are the type that likes to constantly learn, then jump on board, but it's a fire hose of information! Great managers and people to work with, but very high expectations, so be willing and ready to go overboard on delivery.
Great working env., great benefit, challenge work targets, well training, flexible mgmt. smart team mates, very unique culture, very aggressive, realistic
Company with excellent values, talented people, admired by millions, good work and life balance, attractive package for both salary and benefits,
Open culture, exposure to different roles within the company
Open culture, exposure to different roles within the company
Good salary, working with MS is matter of great pride
Some smart people work at Microsoft Physical working conditions are great
Good culture for growth and learning
Brand Name Talented people Respect for ideas and people Great benefits Great trainings
Competitive atmosphere that drives you to produce your best work every day
The job was very challenging as the MS Windows 8 is a very deep subject.
Creativity, the amazing people, The fact that you can have a vision, prove it works and then create a team to deliver it!
Flexible time Talented people Diversity aware company Good citizen. Contributes well for the local and global welfare Provides good benefits
Quite an important role Great policies Good salary
Interesting projects, hundreds of different groups to choose from
High energy level, company is highly self-critical, always looking to improve. Work is demanding and satisfying. Hours are very flexible.
Good resources spent on technical training
Flexibility, diversity, multinacional enviroment, american wat of doing things
A lot of smart people
The company is all about passion, and has an energetic atmosphere
Microsofties are truly passionate about Microsoft and its products Rarely meet anyone truly evil
the best talent in industry can be found here
Good if you want decent working hours. They are flexible with working arrangement (work from home) and treat their employees with respect. Performance review, for all its flaws, is a amture process and usually fair.
good working environment and facilities
good working environment and facilities
good working atmosphere and nice people
One get to work with very smart people and get to learn everyday. Flexible working hours. One has a say to things which is valued by higher management. Good compensation. Innovative products.
- Nice benefits - competitive pay - good smart people
Good benefits, work environment and generally good people to work with. Lot's of opportunities to move internally and also to move internationally
Got to work with some great folks.
Lots of job opportunity if open to moving from business group to business group. Surrounded by smart people, most of whom are very passionate about what they are doing. Exposed to cool technology that impacts billions of people around world. Pride in alignment to the Microsoft brand.
Exceptional workplace environment as well as professional and trustable colleagues. The number 1 company in the SW space were you can vary your job from business to consumer to online to device and game. I think no any other company could offer this panel of opportunities to growth our personal and professional skills.
work-life balance, peers, perks, outings,
impact in marketplace, well known
It sure is a good place to work
They office was very cosy
Big products with scale. Benefits. Flexibility to move around in the organization
Lots of smart people to learn from. Many innovative products and ideas
Work culture and the exposure to learn new technologies. Growth opportunities
compensation package, work/life balance, name
great work environment & life balance full of professional people prestige of the employer good salary (not for interns though)
The people are top notch
The Best salary gotta from rest of the company on earth
Lots of opportunities to learn, have flexibility on how you get your work done, encourage to take initiative, many great people to work with, lots interesting product and project to work on.
You work with very smart people The benefits are excellent and HR does a lot for you There are many interesting projects and there is great opportunity for mobility in the company Some people thrive at Microsoft, others don't. It isn't for everyone.
provides lots of facilities in different areas - sports, health, medical etc.  flexible environment in almost all aspects gives you freedom
Ability to transfer and work anywhere in the world, offices everywhere. Consistent amount of training for certain roles.
Lots of smart people. Unlimited resources.
The Best salary gotta from rest of the company on earth
Amazing work - life balance Fantastic facilities Supportive work culture Very skilled co-workers
Microsoft has a long history of trying to do the right things for it's customers and employees. There are alot of great people at Microsoft and when they are given the freedom to deliver they usually do a great job.
I enjoyed my time at MSR.
if you're prepared to work like a dog you can definitely go places. there's plenty of flexibiity on hours too but you need to be disciplined.
Nice benefits location and pay
working with best people in Software industry, working on latest technologies, opportunity to develop products that touch lives of millions of people around the world
Medical, although restructured to comply with new healthcare act, is currently salaray neutral once tax advantages are taken into account -- best medical around. Salary is above average for the area. Hours aren't crazy. Some groups are still very good.
Modern working environment with excellent benefits
Like all big companies there are great places within the company to work and really bad ones. If you're looking for a job at Microsoft do as much research as you can about the specific group, whether they are growing, the management and whether you believe in their product direction.
Microsoft is a wonderful employer
* great benefits * work with smart people * interesting projects
Great company for diverse experience Really good benefits
flexibility of time thats a big advantage
Very nice working conditions and friendly people
Great work, great people! Absolutely love this company - the best in the world!
Work on the task you choose (Apply for) work on you home
Microsoft provides great benefits and certainly looks out for its employees. I definitely feel like I'm part of a family that takes care of everyone. And it's an amazing experience to live the current Microsoft innovation momentum.
Great colleagues, intellectually challenging, good salary/benefits, good degree of freedom. Despite all the cons listed below, still amazingly capable company.
decent environment， good latitude， good job
I have worked for Microsoft for considerably less time than average. It was the best start for my career. The company really cares for its employees, as evident from its employee centric policies. Open door policy of managers, single occupancy cubicles and many more are policies which drive more confidence and affinity in employees towards working for Microsoft.
Benefits , People , Working with latest technology
Microsoft is a ever changing company. Having worked there for 16+ years I watched it mature through various product cycles, while not always perfect the teams there aspired to be the best and deliver well engineered technical solutions.
Being a tester, if you believe you are not going to be important to the product, Microsoft is the place which will just prove you wrong. A tester is the one person that plays a vital role in the development of a product from conceptualization to making it market-ready. Microsoft gives you the freedom to work as per your core strengths, has a wonderful social culture and the campus here in India is just the best office campus you can find in the country!
Great talent, co workers. Cares for community
-Flexible timings including work from home facility. -Great campus. -Friendly people (Nobody is sir or mam here. Everybody doesn't matter how senior are called by their names). -Lot of events every month. -Good growth opportunities. -Good salary and hikes.
Compensation, compensation, compensation, compensation, and great conferences.
My friend are make my work less
Nice place to work. Good technology
Liberal, democratic environment. Have two career paths - either horizontal (specialist) or vertical. Lifetime employment very possible, practically guaranteed :)
Very good company with a very advanced processes
Opportunities to work on Innovative Products and Services Company lives by it's values Relatively flat management structure Middle management focused on people development Colleagues are genuinely interested in the success of the company & work together Performance is rewarded
I work every day with smart, passionate colleagues in an environment where innovation, design thinking, and customer focus are valued. Change (for the good) is in the air.
Work-life balance. Give employees a chance to give feedback about the health of the organization and managers conducted by an independent company.
Great work culture, compensation, Work life balance
good company with stable income
Invests in its people and has all the benefits of a big company
Good work culture Flexible Job Timining
Lots of independence and opportunities ot hone your skill set
Smart people, tough problems, lots of rope to grow and learn! MSFT has amazing benefits, competitive salaries and allows you to move across organizations fairly easily so you can go from consumer to enterprise products and learn along the way.
Worked with some of the smartest people in the software industry, many of whom put customers first, have great technical chops, smart business people, and do some very interesting things with software.
Possible to make a significant impact, and contribute. Great colleagues.
Very supportive environment. Opportunities to grow and develop a career. Possibility of international move if attractive to you
Nice pay, Reputable company, career advancement
Good environment, cool people, you can work on your pace
Great place to work and learn about new technology, global processeses, and solve complex problems. Lots of smart people to build knowledge and team building skills. Multicultural environment that requires cultural openness.
Good worldwide integration between employees Any new Microsoft software available to try/use Good experiencing shipping AAA products
Great opportunities Great people Lively environment Work on latest technologies
Great place to work and learn about new technology, global processeses, and solve complex problems. Lots of smart people to build knowledge and team building skills. Multicultural environment that requires cultural openness.
Benefits very competitive considered the market
Good Benefits. People are overall very smart but the ecosystem where they work sucks. I wish it was more collaborative in nature.
excellent working conditions, huge knowledge base, good learning oportunities
Dream comes true when people get oppurtunity to enter inside Microsoft. Great environment, accompanying amazing talents as team members to reach goal. No comparisons for Microsoft with any other else.
Space to take decisions while keeping in line with well defined and friendly policies!!
tech driven. nice growth plans.
Great salary/benefits. Flexible hours. Professional work atmosphere but people are still friendly. Smart people to work with.
Great benefits, good breadth of technology to work on, good ecosystem of employees, projects and in general diversity to learn from.  Depending upon the team, the work is either exhilarating or a little nebulous (too much in the future without a good business model)
me like microsoft sine my childhood
Stable company, Wide range of technologies
Good salary and good (though degrading) benefits. Fair extras ( but also degrading bonus and stock compensation.) Good focus on internal training. Typical upsides related to a large corporation. Broad, varied, and at times, interesting product base.
Work and culture is awesome. If you are someone who values quality work and enjoys responsibility, no better place to be. Employee benefits are very good.
cash cow driving impacts is recognized and rewarded
professinal envronment is good, people are smart
Teamwork, flexibility, working environment, benefits, corporate culture, renewed innovation and focus, some great and iconic brands, well-respected, starting to engage in consumer-centric development and marketing, structured and well thought-out professional development and career planning.
It was innovative company 5 years before
People are good, so peer learning is good. Provides very Good learning depending upon team, work is good\bad as per team Work Culture no more promotes employee care. Its all cost cutting. Employee Care and facilities are moderate compared to peers.
Excellent company, great people, great compensation packages
Getting to work with great people in a changing and dynamic environment. Getting fantastic opportunities to work on great projects and progress your career
A lot of talents in the company. You can find experts in every area. Clear career development path and training system.
Lots of knowledge, flexible hours, office, some processes are really good
Exposure to varoud tecnnologies at a very fast pace.
Bec its not india its world n.o Brand name........
- Work Environment - Career Growth
It is Challenging and Encouraging
Microsoft is a great company to work for. Compensation & benefits are competitive, work / life balance is great, and career progression opportunities are there if you seek them out.  They work hard at culture, which seems to pay dividends on the whole, though there can be a group vs group mentality at times.
Always something to learn, if you're into that.
Great passionate people who really care about the business
You can enjoy the technical things at customer's sites.
they take good care of employees.
flexible working environment opportunities for self development
Great access to mentors, coaching, training, talented people. There is a fair and equitable bonus structure and access to benefits across the board.
We can learn Latest technologies of Microsoft, work culture is good. most importantly facilities providing by company is awesome like coffee , meals and snacks. We can utilize leaves as company provides to employees and also flexible timings. Employees won't feel stress in this company , because every project has enough and experienced guys to plan best.
Good compensation. Good boss (immediate boss) Some good peer.
The Company provides good benefits
Very diverse product portfolio which brings opportunities to work on diverse domains. Good work is done by few teams in India. Rest all are back-office
kind and helpful people, relaxed atmosphere, great perks and benefits, a lot of different areas to work in, company with stable financial results
Good compensation. Good boss (immediate boss) Some good peer.
The people generally are amazing and really care about making a difference.
kind and helpful people, relaxed atmosphere, great perks and benefits, a lot of different areas to work in, company with stable financial results
Good exposure Structured Good work life balance Collaborative teams
job satisfication all kinds of facilities
good salary package , BRAND NAME to flaunt
Yearly travel to USA, lots of training opportunities.
best company in the world i had seen
salary was more than fair
Great place to learn how to work in a big company, for career development. Good compensation and work life balance. Lots of smart people around
Everyone is all about technology - it's in their genes, it's in their water and food. Excellent grounds for innovation. Gives an opportunity to someone to interact with the worlds best and finest. Of course, you'd expect nothing less of the company that has built software that runs the world...and continues to do so.
Work with great and smart people Excellent work life benefits Great products and solutions
Open communication, team work, Focused, High energy, respect
People there are very nice, the position is stable and not stressful
Great benefits, lots of resources at your disposal. Amazing corporate culture, wonderful opportunity to be among some of the brightest people in United States.
Great Option for Career Development
Growth opportunities, professional environment, good compensation.
Breadth of technologies you can work on, good resources, good salaries and benefits, good development centers in many cities, smart peers
Autonomy, independence, latest hardware and software, remote access, high level of trust
Above average benefits Very knowledgeable and talented people
good salary good work culture less work pressure great colleagues to work with
Smart people all around. Loads to learn
There are still some truly great folks who work at MIcrosoft. You can learn a lot from them. The sheer diversity of products within the same company is hard to match: you can find exactly the right product on which you'd like to work. Many teams have really good work/life balance. You'll have the opportunity on many teams to see world-scale software being developed and maintained.
A few pros: 1-Very professional work force molds you into representing yourself the best way you can in your future career. 2-Fast paced and a lot of challenges, teaches you a lot on the job. 3-Fun teams with casual environment, great relationships and lifelong friendships. 4-Flexible work schedule, no set business hours and face time required as long as deliverables are hit. 5-Compensation and Benefits are second to none (but comes with the extra hours)
Great local teams! Amazing proactiveness and willingness for cooperation on operational level in the region. Great training opportunities! Compensation is above average.
work life balance at microsoft
New innovative work, Great people around, Fun, outings
New technologies and nice work environmentg
Good salary, amazing benefits and really smart, empowered people.
Great Company to Work for.
microsoft amazing company to work for its amazing
Iconic American technology company, Commitment to do good for all stakeholders, from employees to investors to customers to host communities. Example of good citizenship very visible throughout the Puget Sound region.
Smart people, high pay, good benefits.
windows 7 and 8 ser..DORP
Good enviroment, High quality colleages,
It's great company to work for. Good work life balance most weeks
- Good salary - Job security - Working on the "tomorrows" version of software
Good career opportunities to explore
Best healthcare as of date. But will change in 2013.
I have a nice mentor when I worked in Microsoft Research Asia. The nicest part is that I have a lot of freedom to work on what I am interested in, not his requirement.
good work, good compensation, good perks
Very intellectual and passionate people, exciting things in the works, and just overall great culture.
Salary and working environment. Also branding is biggest factor.
They provide a huge experience
- Surrounded with smart people - Good perks - Many awards for employees who did a good job.
it is to be very good for me i know more and more about new feature &advanced techanqe.
Microsoft has some great opportunities. You can get your feet wet working on some products that will affect millions of people, there's tons of different things going on, and as a college hire fresh out of the box, I got a lot of training, mentoring and support. I would recommend working in Redmond - I'm at a remote site and, while there are still opportunities there, you don't get the culture and enthusiasm that you do at the mothership.
Broad ranges of products. So its possbile to completely change the domain without changing the company. Good perks and benifits
-Great peer group to work with -Compensation is fair
Great benefits, packed with smart people you can learn from, really strong engineering processes, tons of career opportunities for strong performers
Flexible work time and opportunities.
- great folks - everyone is smarter than you and friedlier then you - great benefits/work life balance - "cutting edge"
Great place Smart people Good environment Great place Smart people Good environment
Lots of perks for employees
Excellent working environment. Exciting projects. Very smart and nice colleagues.
You are surrounded by high end technical people and encouraged to think outside the box.
Lots of growth opportunities Different career paths Several businesses to pick from Good compensation
Some very intelligent people in the product groups, get to work with some innovative products, and the library is wonderful.
Good Campus Lots of activities Free WP7 Mobile Phones
If you're determined you can have a very nice career growth and many options available to you. Depending on the position, you can access a wealth of trainings and travel can also be an option.
Driven, hard working individuals who care about the company, the product but also the society that they live in - Microsoft doesn't make products to just make $$$'s - but to try and improve the world.
Excellent benefits and HR is viewed as a business partner and can make great impact on client groups.
- Stable company with well defined processes
flexibility, high tech, big brand, popular products and solutions
You can build a great team and work with great people.
Native software development for the most part. Get to work on the latest operating systems and technology.
You can learn really a lot from the work, There are many career opportunities to choose, Colleagues are friendly and willing to help, The working environment is flexible, The compensation is good.
Microsoft in Brazil is an excellent option if you are looking for a position in Sales. Benefits are ok and morale is usually high.
1) Good Pay 2) Good free goodies and all (winphone and surface) 3) Awesome scope to design your own implementations of small components
- Latest hardwares and softwares provided. - Windows phone and surface tablets given. - more money to spend on team than other companies.
- Latest hardwares and softwares provided. - Windows phone and surface tablets given. - more money to spend on team than other companies.
Great, smart, amazing people they make it worth to work there.
The passion, drive and energy of the people around. People are respectful of one another, and the team spirit within segments is just amazing. The company supports people development and high performers have a future here
Good if your next career is of Ploitician, shot term 1-2 years and also if you are very early in your career.
Passionate people, huge scope, broad set of types of jobs available (location, function, product line, etc.), giving spirit started by Bill Gates but still reflected today.
- you get a chance to work on latest MS technologies - Strong Internal Community, Distibution Lists - You can directly interact with product guys, researchers. basically networking - Great focus in Learning n Development
Passionate people Excellent resources Great career path Strong management
great environment, facilities like shuttle service and passionate people
it is a very satisfying job and allows time at home. good salary and bonuses and good environment helps all the more
Amazing career options for anyone, the ability to be deep (or not) deep in technology, making a difference, smartest people around
A lot to learn technically, in this company. Heavy work so no sitting in the bench Good people who are very helpful. Good money.
Inclusive Culture and a great common vision
Fast moving Sales Engine. Focussed, Well-led and organized. Good benefits. Decent pay.
Great people great rewards. Treat people like people.
Name recognition and o.k. reputation. Worldwide reach.
- Good Work Atmospere - Free Drinks
Job security, employee discount in Microsoft store, free PC, tablet, phone, Xbox, decent compensation, still vibrant in some ways
great salary, bonus, stock, perks
Always new things happening,feels refreshing to work. Innovation is always driven which also boosts individuals work satisfaction level. Best compensation and perks in the industry. Very friendly and approachable managers
Highly passionate, talented workforce Highly Sales driven and empowerment to employees
People, benefits, leading edge technologies, work environment
If you like software then working at a software company is something you should experince. I don't think Facebook and Google (for the most part) offer the same type of experience because they are service based instead of shipping a product
Good emphasis on career growth, opportunity to work on varied set of technologies, Great Managers to hone skills, World's smart people to work with, good values and culture in company
Benefits People Culture Stock Grants (vs options) Company Store
benefits are great, flexible working time etc
People friendly company, good work culture
The product is easy to use
Great people to work with. Generous benefits. Plenty of resources and leeway to do your work. They place a lot of trust in their employees to do the right thing.
Good compensation and benefits. Work-life balance is also good. Loads of opportunities to grow professionally and individually.
Great people around always challenging lot of career opportunities
Good physical infrastructure provided by company Get to work on latest technologies
It's a prominent company that values hiring competent people. You'll work around smart folks and that helps you to grow your own skills. They pay well, and once you're in Microsoft you'll have pretty good job security and can transfer to new positions easily.
very responsive management, great work culture,fair amount of work life balance
compensation is good, do interesting things in a big way.
Microsoft helps you create solid impact around you. You can change people's lives by providing a better technology. Just look at what they have done with Windows 8 - completely reimagined the OS from chipset to experience.
Work culture, Compensation,Technology,Benefits,Work life balance
Big company - some teams in the company are doing lots of good innovations like a start up within a big company.
Talented people around you. Strong technical capability.
Smart co-workers, great work environment, great benefits
Creative, intelligent people. You have the autonomy to craft your business within certain pre-determined boundaries. Benefits are excellent and there is flexiblity in work/life balance. Compensation is reasonable.
Creative, intelligent people. You have the autonomy to craft your business within certain pre-determined boundaries. Benefits are excellent and there is flexiblity in work/life balance. Compensation is reasonable.
Many companies within one allows opportunity to move around and learn new domain/technology.
Great exposure to latest technologies and give more importance to employee career
Great working atmosphere, very relaxed, the general vibe is basically work how you want to get the job done. Loads of perks for stuff, always get to play with the latest technology and Microsoft devote a lot of time to keeping you ramped up on the newest technology. Lots of opportunities to move around and relocate. Everyone I meet is always motivated and excited by the technology.
International exposure, access to latest and best technology, driven to success and aligns to personal goals very easily. Working with the best people who are seasoned professionals and passionate about their contribution.
i think to work like a proffesional which is possible at microsoft
Great benefits and opportunities for advancement.
Great facilities Benefits are of a good standard Definitely a great place to get exposure to the industry Some amazing people work here
Chance to work on latest tech if you are lucky. Lots of parties Good for very senior people on architect like position.
Smart people, great benefits, plenty of opportunities
Good work culture, nice people to learn and improve ur knowledge
Challenging and interesting technical problems across a wide variety of products
Real strategy, vision, very good benefits, interesting and diversity
Good job culture, Flexible working hours, Individual opinions are respected, Compensation is also good
On-going innovation offers constant new opportunities Working with top notch people and products Worldwide name recognition
Opportunities, nice benefits, decent pay.
lots of opportunities, learning's , work culture and facilities are world class
Was. Some. 6 years back.
Good Salary, Awesome benefits, Breadth of technologies
As an intern you're treated like an FTE Working with great people Brilliant benefits Exciting times for the company as a whole Great for CV Hopefully helpful with future career prospects back at the company
Great company, people oriented. Comp and Benefits are good
A lot of smart guys to work with
As an intern you're treated like an FTE Working with great people Brilliant benefits Exciting times for the company as a whole Great for CV Hopefully helpful with future career prospects back at the company
Lots of benefits, plenty of work
Great colleagues, you are in the engine room of a massively influential industry player
Variety of groups where you can get different types of exposure. Opportunities exist to move around and grow in a specific functional area.
Perfect Company to work in
Good environment to work, good place to activate your potential
In it's resurgence, possibly the only company left that's capable of challenging Apple.
1. Lots of flexibility. 2. Exposure to vast domain of Microsoft technologies. 3. Different career path options.
1.Employee friendly Organization 2.Exposure to new technologies / products 3.No boundaries for Imagination and Innovation
Its Microsoft! Values our ideas...
Work-life balance is awesome and also the great managers you get here.
Microsoft is a place where you can invest your passions in something that millions of people use every day. Your parents can relate to what you work on. It is an extremely rewarding and dynamic place. As a meritocracy, the company strives to reward top performers with rewards that are differentiated from everyone else.
great benefits, poor career opportunities. beyond political
Nice campus, good payment, smart motivated people
Lot many opportunities, if you are looking for career options
Best benefits around make this an amazing place to work. Passionate and smart co-workers. Great focus on community and giving.
Great company to work for. Cares about its employees. Excellent benefits. A worldwide company, so excellent on resume. Can open doors.
Best place to work at, lots of perks
Great team of people, good collaboration
Great work life balance Good people learnt alot and got to work with good talent. New and challenging projects
Great opportunity to work with some of the smartest people on earth! Microsoft provides great benefits as well as the ability to change the world!
There are many smart people working at Microsoft, so there is a good opportunity to learn how to develop software. From multiple projects available, everybody can find something interesting to do.
Best place to work at, lots of perks
Brand, labs, trainings, exposure, facilities
The benefits, the pay, passionate and smart people everywhere
Great benefits, great facilities, great city
many career opportunity, can transfer internally
Lots of opportunities to grow your career
sweet swag, awesome gifts, you can get a nice project and make a difference. people are generally very intelligent and reliable
stable company with mature mechanism
- Excellent People - Excellent work environment
The work is very happy, the company's facilities are very good, very humane. Very good Mentor, to help improve the ability of individuals.
Relaxed work atmosphere and a very supportive environment in which to work.
Can add my computer science
Highly technical and excellent people to work with. There's always something to learn. Excellent benefits and decent compensation (would be great if you only had 40 hr work weeks). Increasingly more non-support opportunities outside of Redmond.
Easy To understand Personable Didn't feel like you were just a robot to them
Very intelligent colleagues, super smart Varied interests and hobbies pilot to scuba divers Highly self critical and direct
Very smart people Being part of something important, sometimes historic Compensation Benefits Internal opportunities. You can almost think of anything you want to do, and there will be training, mentors and opportunities available for you. The culture welcomes and encourages rotation.
Amazing breadth of opportunities/interesting work. Great benefits.
Good environment, work colleagues are always helpful. Nice opportunity to learn new stuff and to grow professionally. Well, that pretty much sums it all for me.
Good work environment with good communication from leadership
it is my dream company. it is excellent to get good future
Job security, challenging work, great coworkers, tons of hardware and software available, make software that people use
I have nothign good to say.
Smart and friendly people. Great management. Good place to work if you are into advanced software testing. Multinational working environment.
Good brand, independence at work & celebration of achievement
Good work-life balance, excellent benefits?
Great benefits. Respected brand. Great colleagues
Provides lot of opportunities Freedom to choose your work Employee facilities Work culture in certain teams Latest technologies
MS is big company, and you get to interact with all kinds of people, touching all kinds of technologies, very good exposure.
Smart and friendly people. Great management. Good place to work if you are into advanced software testing. Multinational working environment.
Amazing speed at which things are done, smart co-workers and great learning opportunities and global impact of your work. Excellent tools and infrastructure makes you very productive. Great medical benefits.
1) Can get to work on various products and platform infra. 2) Very open and free environment Rest you should make up ur mind
- You can go very far if you're willing to pledge above average amounts of time / effort to your role. - If you're willing to schmooze and rub elbows you can "make a better mark" - Salary is above average in most cases if you're bringing in expereince - If you're welcome to a lot of soft selling and making numbers you'll be rewarded well at bonus time - If you have a field job (away from a corporate office) you have many opportunities to work from home
Empowerement, Culture, Career opportunities, Leadership, Professionalism and drive to be the best
Great opportunities, fun @ work, friendly management
Smart people, challenging jobs, interesting projects
- Interesting and challenging work - Nice people to work with
Great work environment, smart people, dynamic organization
No matter what, Microsoft delivers.
Always with latest technologies and trends.
-Millions of user base, so you have the opportunity to impact many -Great colleagues and freedom to the work
World wide known company, internal training (not with personal trainer)
1. Open culture. 2. No dress code :) 3. No timing restrictions. 4. Amazing people and products to work with.
Top talent in india, Good salary Good employee benefits
Excellent place to gain experience in Microsoft technologies , great place for someone who loves challenges and would like to grow technically
Provided the Freedom to achieve your goals and drive impact
Great company with great technologies! Now is the time to be at Microsoft!
Great company with great values.
they pay you well and the work is also exciting .
Flexible hours Accommodating to my ergonomic needs
Great benefits, terrific work environment. You are rewarded for excellence.
Best place to develop, great working environment .
Great brand Huge career opportunities Customers want to engage Learning possibilities endless Annual trips to US if in sales/technical roles Excellent perks package Generous car allowance Holiday allowance increases quite quickly, starts at 25 days
Offers global career opportunities in the US and international - large company allows one to move to new groups or locations.
everything is easy in Microsoft . you can use excel, word and so on
Has a great company culture.
Working for best and Top IT brand. Great place for learning.
Working for best and Top IT brand. Great place for learning.
good benefits, good compensation, generally smart people -- some decent product ideas
work life balance employee benefits lots of parties Best culture
Large multi-national that has an international reputation
work hard, responsible and easy to get along
It is a great place to work because you get exposure to new technologies and you get trainings all the time. It is also a great opportunity to work with virtual teams and people from all over the world. And the corporate culture is good, the people you get to meet are great and I have made very good friends all over the world while working for Microsoft.
Great benefits and work atmosphere. You're surrounded by intelligent people who are passionate about their work. Everyone's respectful of others' opinions and there's great collaborate across disciplines.
Work life balance is great. People and culture is good.
You learn a lot here. There are lots of technically sharp people, so it is a good place for a junior developer early in his/her career.
Progressive company- great colleagues and exciting atmosphere. Many possibilities if you are highly regarded and have a sympathetic boss.
good for tech support guys working shifts
best place to be in. i missing this company.
Smart engineers, freedom, great work
you can determine your own schedule
+ A great compensation package, very competitive salary, stocks, health insurances, bonuses, vacation-days, etc. + Personal (1-2 people) offices (if you like that) + Stressful but you can keep proper life-work balance if you can spin it right over the email
People are great, processes are polished and the development opportunities are massive. The company allows working from home (it is specific to your manager, and EU managers are more humanistic than Russian ones:)), they offer a bunch of internal and external trainings including foreign classes.
Great people on the teams, learn something every day, great benefits. The work environment is friendly and people make sure you have what you need to get your job done
good learning opportunities on both personal and professional side overall good mkt positionning for core products & services, good inherited reputation
The brand, decent benefits, access to latest MS Technologies and tools, some fairly smart engineers.
Lot of opportunities Good work life balance Excellent salary and super benefits Nice work environment
The brand, decent benefits, access to latest MS Technologies and tools, some fairly smart engineers.
Lot of opportunities Good work life balance Excellent salary and super benefits Nice work environment
free soda. good pay. smart people
Very bright people and is relevant to every FTSE 500 Company
Good work environment in the company
When you're perceived as a high valued employee, there's no limit to your career at Microsoft. To that aim, managers and co-workers are very supportive. I never felt in competition with my co-workers.
Good Salary and A LOT of oportunities
good work/life balance working with talented people working on big user based products
Great compensation, smart drive people, cool products
Diverse workforce, cutting edge technologies, good work life balance
Great Work Enviornment really love the work culture
You get to work with a lot of talented people and new cool technologies. Work hours are very flexible as long as you meet your objectives.
Good campus (Hyd). Comparative to other MNCs, a lot more work is done here. Spread of things that you can work on is very large. Compensation is competitive.
I have been a full-time intern there. I have learned more about computer graphics and how to do research in a professional way as well. What I value most is that I have understand which area I enjoy best and which topic I would like to concentrate on in future!
Great opportunities to contribute to the future of computing.
Interesting work, good team. Get to play with cuting edge technology and have a decent budget to work with.
Many very talented people who are willing to go above an beyond to achieve joint goals. Fantastic benefits (although they're getting less fantastic every year), good pay if you achieve your goals (see cons).
A benevolent, if large and sometimes unweildly employer. Has a finger in all pies of Computer Science: Possible to find work in almost any field you're interested in. Fresh set of products and ideas in the pipeline.
1. Provide great resource and support for career development. Career paths are clear. 2. Work with talented and smart people every day. People are respectful. 3. Can achieve work life balance. The overall benefit is good. 4. Have the opportunity to work on products that impact millions of people globally. Can try different products within the company.
Flexibility if you work for the right manager. Ability to move around the organization. Access to a lot of training if you actually have the time to devote a day or two to a training session.
great work life balance excellent employee policy flexible timings campus
Offers reasonable career growth, while letting you maintain a good work-life balance. Values its people. Gives you a chance to work in the latest technologies. Great work culture.
Flexi timings, autonomy, flexibility to choose roles
Great benefits Endless opportunity to grow your career (if you put in the effort to learn, do, and connect) Scale - not many companies have the global recognition and impact that Microsoft has Wickedly smart people to work with
1) Work Culture 2) Pay by performance 3) Work hard & party hard
-great benefits. -smart people. -flex time -strong company-huge rev. #'s
- technology investment - focus on growing and supporting people - quality of peers and managers is generally top notch - tremendous focus on growth - extremely storng focus on ethics - great reputation, proud to be associated with Microsoft
-Great at looking at data, poking holes at data, pretending to have intelligent conversations about data, and then trying to make something out of nothing that has little or no relevance to the business -Awesome at creating useless yet time consuming work to make it seem like they're "contributing."
great benefits and decent salaries, some innovation, training, really global ( a little bit US centric)
Freedom, Work life balance, campus
This company is for sure one of the greatest technology companies to work with. There is always a huge amount of enthusiasm it brings in periodically for satiating the technical mind here.
Benefits are good, including insurance and holidays
top in the industry, well recognized, easy for the customers to listen on what you have to say, huge ecosystem, good people, lots of partners, many programs, great benefits, great products and great ideals...
Access to new technology, exposure to wide range of customers, work on diverse sets of problems, early access to beta products and services.
- very committed colleagues and friends - very focus on customers - flexibility
Good Salary and training to promote company values
Fantastic benefits, salary and compensation are great. Some very nice, very intelligent people work here and they truly care about what they do.
I'm currently working remotely from Vancouver and actively participating in online meetings. This is a very good exercise for understanding english because many people speak with differrent accents and remote style of work doesn't make it easier
Innovative environment, financial stability, constructive leadership, clear expectations, readyness to implement ideas or propositions from the floor, accountability as business leader, ability to change attitudes, cooperation of employees
Senior Management is worst Lot of politic Review /Appraisal process is worst and management takes advantage of this process to pressure rise the employees
Pay, sharp folks, projects, scale, impact, perks, offices,
Very few, if any. And minor.
Microsoft has smartest people. I would say there are only 4 companies in high tech that worth being employed, and MS is one of them.
- Managers and people are helpful - Managers willing to discuss career options - If you can handle it, people are willing to give you a lot of responsibility - Good for self-directed workers
Great environment, challenging work and fantastic benefits
- Nice work environment - Good benefits - Feel valued employee - Good communication/collaboration - Diversity (different cultures, languages, political views) - Strong values in the entire company (over the word)
Open and respect people help with each other
Exposure, MSDN Ultimate subscription worth12000$ for free, Goodies, Friends from local technical community, Interaction with MS employees during events like Dreamspark Yatra, TechEd, TechVista etc.
- trainings, exposure to technology - benefits above market - great work environment - possibility to work from home
Great, smart people, variety of projects. Each new group is like a different company. One can get varied experience.
Very eased working envioirment, and with a lot of experts from where you can learn much more than some technical skills,
- trainings, exposure to technology - benefits above market - great work environment - possibility to work from home
Amazing benefits and compensation. Many perks such as free health club membership and discounts on almost everything. If you live in Redmond (well, you don't really exist if you don't), you are blessed with tons of opportunities to do something different. Lots of training and interesting work. Great computers. Employees are well cared for.
Individual Contributor role offers lot of flexibility and freedom to demonstrate your skills and also nourishes your interests in other areas
Good Deal , Very interesting , Top of technology
lot of opportunities and challenges
• Solid products / scale customer base…this is not startup land • Smart people – great environment for professional growth • Good compensation / great overtime…not the place to get rich quick but very good after five(ish) years • The best in enterprise / getting into the fight (finally) in consumer • Very serious about design, cloud services, and devices
The Benefits are great. Lots of opportunity for growth
Good people good manager, and good environment
Huge resources, talented people, good benefits, opportunity to travel
its a good company and you can't get any better company to start with in your early career.
Lots of great people, lots of great ideas, lots of wonderful parties, and tons of fun!
Size of the company, talented and dedicated people
It was a great company and it can be again.
Good facilities like transport, food and work environment Better pay Good brand name Free food Good medical benefits
Creative, smart people there. Friendly culture.
Great benefits, awesome people, fun workplace
benefit, talent people, nice work environment
lot of learning. new technology good package
salary is ok. not tht great. benefits are good
Good pay and benefits, highly professional, nice offices, flexible working, interesting business opportunities, scope to change roles every few years, free drinks
Benefits, diversity of people, and lots of work.
Excellent work culture with lots of career opperunities.
Great company to work for. The company has projects on most software areas one can imagine.
interesting work. result oriented, open discussion, focus for ethics
Great people. Great opportunities. Great projects. Great products. Great benefits.
The paycheck was good. I started as an intern and when I got hired after the internship, my salary grew up to more than double, but from what I understood from my colleagues I was a bit under-payed, probably because I was a fresh graduate. There are plenty of benefits, but they depend from headquarter to headquarter.
Resources, Infra, Culture, Campus, Brand Name
Big organization, modern working place, foods, ice creams and coffees are served, salaries are high, ppl are nice and professional, families are proud of you.
Most exciting product lineup in the company's history coming up this year. Don't miss out!
Great, talented people, challenging work, amazing benefits and work environment. Great as a starting position for developers. Strongest test discipline in the industry.
Best work-life balance we can take weeks of holidays or work from home some teams are really good
good package, good work life balance,good work..................
Stable salary, safe work if you know how to live in Corporate culture
Benefits are great for now, company is respected as hiring top talent so looks good on a resume/CV, and top performers as compared to peers receive good pay increases and career opportunities in general.
Some great fringe perks , decent package (not the best). Offices are very well equipped. Some great people to work with.
You are working with some of the smartest people in the industry. Great learning enviroment with having the opportunity to excell.
Easy paced,great place to work
At MS, you can make it work for yourself. You feel 'free'.
Great working environment, lots of freedom, full flexibility to organize your workdays, nice benefits, possibility to advance your career, possibility to travel, first-rate experience
Large organization, stable, excellent salary/benefits
Several of the interviewees were really smart and engaging. Did not ask academic questions but focused on real world problems
Nice place, with a generally pleasant atmosphere, and very interesting projects to work on.
- Very competitive base pay, stock, and benefits - Amazing breadth of products to work on ... and most are used by millions - Smart and generally collaborative co-workers - Once you get past the rain, Seattle is an amazing place to live
You will learn professionalism. Apart from this, they have so many products, in which you are free to roam around.
Solid company with good benefits. Excellent products and partners.
Good salary and benefits Lots of chances to jump into the technical field you wish
Nice compensation, great work culture and amazing people
Job satisfaction and possibility of working on diverse role in each division
Casual culture, respect to individual
Have the latest amazing technologies
- Great people to work with - The organization encourages success and promotion - High salaries and additional benefits - The company takes care of the staff, even when major changes occur
Work Culture Process oriented Immense impetus given to work-life balance
Flexibility to maintain work life balance
Casual culture, respect to individual
Great company with an awesome culture. really good work life balance. Excellent work group - above average compared to most industry standards.
Meet smart people, build skills, good pay.
Some of the words I use to describe Microsoft are: Exposure, development, interest, Fulfillment,
great enviromtent to developt at
- good package and benefits - smart people - nice work environment - flexible working (wfh) - some nice product in software but lack of innovation
There are many talented colleagues. You can learn much from them
good salary.... good leave.....increase in salaries easily...respect foer lower employees
Very innovative culture, focuses on technology and people alike. I have not seen such a focus on developing people and focussing on making them great leaders. Excellent opportunities to innovate and develop your careers.
- VERY smart people - Ability to influence billions of people - Openness - Flexible work environment
> Great company culture that promotes lots of cross collaboration, and work-life balance > Lots of opportunity for career growth, even in areas outside your current expertise > Working with lots of brilliant individuals
Very Encouraging environment Provides full support
Good job for who's after their military service Good salary You learn a lot  Good start for who wants to get into the high tech world
I've had a great time working in a professional, dynamic, high- energy company
I found Microsoft to be one of the best company to work. Good salary, great work culture, freedom to work and awesome team vibes
Big challenges, big opportunities, great benefits
1. Working with brilliant people 2. Lot of products : it's like multiple companies within a company. If you ever had to change your work profile, you can change within the company 3. Good compensation and benefits
-Great benefits such as 401k match (up to a certain percentage) -Free drinks -Brand recognition on your work -Training opportunities available
In simple words i like competition.
It is a company where your ideas are valued and you are helped if u r stuck with some problems, the products they develop are the one's we use in the daily life
Work is always challanging, company is always changing and doing new stuff, processes are frequently updated to keep competitive, the people I work with are highly professional and leading edge.
Employee centric .. innovation oriented.. customer staisfaction is the first and formost motto of Microsoft.
Good salaries and benefits. You know your products will be important in the market place.
be able to work with a lot of smart people.
Large company, with cutting edge technology and smart people around.
Employee friendly company with good benefits offered to employees
Employee friendly company with good benefits offered to employees
The company is involved in such a mind-boggling breadth across the tech sector that most people could find a product/area to be passionate about. Benefits are great and company locations are widespread making it possible to work in various parts of the globe. Employees and managers are very respectful of competitors.
Senior Management is very visionary and well tuned to future market demands
Great benefits, good possibilities to opportunities across different disciplines and professions.
Amazing benefits, they really understand that their people are an asset, but in saying that rather than make everyone an employee they employee a huge number of contract staff who are disadvantaged as they aren't permanent.
winning ability, cash, tenacity, can stay in the battles longer to win etc.
Excellent environment to work independently, best in class facilities, backed by a strong HR. Clearly defined Goals, Employees get an opportunity to enable people and businesses around the world to realise their full potential.
Great place if you want to learn and further your career. Career progress is based on results and performance.
Dogfooding unreleased software technology, Working/learning with co-workers
Love the Work Culture , Love the Perks , Management Principles
new and innovative way of working, freedom
Freedom to experiment and lots of learning available here.
Compensation is reasonable, benefits are good, working with very smart people.
Very good sales organisation Processes are very well laid out Very competitive and aggressive, gets you to push your limits
Excellent infrastructure, good quality of peers, democratic
Great tech, smart people. You have the ability to get involved in all aspects of the business and as a result, feel like you are making a difference to customers and Microsoft.
Technology exposure, job opportunities and culture of passion
A few very smart, very talented and very passionate people are behind whatever is happening at Microsoft. Too slow
Good technology and cooperate culture
Good Brand Name. Good Compensation. Excellent facilities.
Welfare is good. It also has 'benefit of scale'. I mean, if you change one feature or ship one new product, it has the chance of changing the lives of millions of people. That is what some small companies can't offer. They also have very rich resource for career development.
They provide grass route level of access to developers and multiple opportunities. Its easy to work under the certified trainers assigned throughout the technology evolution.
Work with some of the brightest technical minds in the industry. People are willing to collaborate in the best interest of the customer. The product quality is improving and the ability for the products to interoperate has been improved ten fold in the past 5 years. Employees have early access to beta products and well as are provided a good amount of training opportunity. Benefits are generally good. HR does try to continually improve benefis to keep Microsoft at the top. Pay is good as well in general, it does depend on role and performance. Employees who are doing outstanding work are rewarded well. Employees who are not doing well are managed out of the company (Caveat discussed below).
Good Brand Name. Good Compensation. Excellent facilities.
Good benefits, good initial salary, some good managers too. Some teams work on really exciting products.
Great sets of technology Fair employer
Significant capital available for investment.
Very nice environment. Great learning opportunities!
Great peers with depth in knowledge and technical smartness Broad set of opportunities to work across multiple verticals in the software industry Good pay packages and very employee friendly perks Very good work-life balance policies which are actually put to practice
employee benefits are toooooo goooddd
It is a disciplined,well mannered company
1. Good work culture.  2. Friendly and helping teammates(at least in my team).  3. Good compensation.  4. Cutting-edge technology.  5. Amazing impact with respect to the products developed.  6. Once you have a very good rating in first one-two years at the company, it is very easy to maintain the same rating. So in essence, you have to work and prove yourself in the first year as that mostly makes/breaks your career.
Good Enough Big Company Lots to learn
Great breadth of products, lots of good people, the best partner network in the industry, decent pay, generally supportive environment.
flexibbility of work. numerous other facilities like good campus.
A chance to help companies and individuals achieve better performance and optimization. A chance to access the latest technologies.
Open and Honest Culture. Ability to speak your mind to express your views. Transparency in Performance Rating. Encouragement and focus on Career Development. Current Productline which makes the company even more excitable.
liberty, resources, smart people, great spring board..
Very bright people and lot of avenues for learning. Good benefits.
Great workig environment, helping peers
- challenging work place - Opportunities - Nice policies
I loved working here. I was employee for 10 years, recently retired.
In ms, you can always work on the latest technologies. there are a lot of passionate people there. and of course the overall benefit is good.
Amazing ressources available, has a global impact, some of the best people in the industry work there.
Very Nice and people friendly company
Good infrastructure, Work from home, Very talented peers
Can-do attitude, resources to back it up, very smart people, great location.
Great set of benefits, flexible working environment, opportunities to develop. Fantastic products and the company is heading in a great direction. The company has a wider range of lines of businesses from sales, marketing, support, advertising, software, games development, consumer products. This makes it a fun and interesting place to work and provides lots of opportunity. Performance management system provides clear expectations and rewards great performance. Regular employee feedback is listened to and acted upon.
Great place to work at, lots of opportunities
The pay and benefits are alright
stability known many users door opener
Very Nice and people friendly company
1. The work culture. 2. The crowd - all the talented people you work & interact with 3. Compensation & benefits are competitive with the market 4. Open door culture - you can literally reach out to anyone at any level and express your opinion
Looks good in your CV
It's a great place for techies. The kind of technical stuff you can learn here is simply amazing. You will also grow as a person, learning how to face challenges, drive initiatives, etc.
lots of things to work on and always changing
Lots of ability to move around. Interesting problems Funding to 'change the world"
Good company values Lot of good people
Good benefits Some good talented people around Good HR policies Stable Nice city
Stimulating environment and highly qualified (and usually helpful) colleagues. Technical positions have access to a lot of tools and training that really make a difference. The company is genuinely interested in and actively helpful in personnel career advancement. The work environment helps productivity. Most of all, it's cool working for a company that makes great business software products that most of the times stand out from the competition.
Stimulating environment and highly qualified (and usually helpful) colleagues. Technical positions have access to a lot of tools and training that really make a difference. The company is genuinely interested in and actively helpful in personnel career advancement. The work environment helps productivity. Most of all, it's cool working for a company that makes great business software products that most of the times stand out from the competition.
Loads of technical stuff to learn & good resources available to learn.
Opportunity to create products that can change how people engage with the world and each other. Salary + benefits are some of the best around. Lots of super smart people to work next to.
Leader and very exciting to know the people who made a difference in the world of software technology. You got a chance to b part of it. Open for your innovation.
It is a challenge to balance work and life in MS
remuneration and growth best in industry
Best place to work, excellent work environment. Just like college campus. Lot of fun along with work. Just go for it, if you get precious opportunity to work with such organization.
Loads of challenging problems to work on. Lots fo support for finding your own solution to a problem. You can make a lot of friends there.
Values you Great vision Lovely work place Out of the class benefits Great resources
hours are controlled easy job fun place to work lots of money in the company
Smart people good facility. Cross group is hard
Friendly environment, Learning Opportunities, Have Lots of things to learn and it helps to enhance the knowledge
There is always open opportunities at Microsoft which makes it easy to move around and learn new stuff and experiences.
1. One of the best culture. 2. Lots of values to technical skill.
Brand name Work environment Flexi timing Challanges Great work life balance
Environment, Development opportunities, teams, skilled management
You will be in the company of Smart, Intelligent and logical people. Stable environment for Peace of Mind. Good work life balance.
The Employer is a very friendly and kind person. A very good place to start your internship as a Law student.
Good work life balance, and the pay isn't that bad.
Always changing. Challenging environment. Lots of career opportunities. Great software.
You can experience a variety of roles in a short period of time
People are smart (but still not enough), polite and hard working. If you are in a right team, your idea will be valued, but not every team lead are capable of the role.
Flexible work environment and employees are pampered to say the least..
Multiple new technology you will really love to work on before hitting market,flexible work timings ,freedom.....
Good people, still on cutting edge of technology and products, some teams are going to rock in the upcoming industry churn
Incredibly great campus, peers, resources, and general environment to create and work to one's potential. Microsoft is a company with a solid foundation, and I would recommend it to anyone wanting a stable, comfortable, working environment.
Good preview to latest technologies
Vast resources from which to draw
If you have a great manager, you will go far, if you are not in the "club" you won't.
Life as a program manager at Microsoft is challenging, and if you like challenges, you will like this role. You are the voice of the customer and the challenge is delivering on solutions to their business problems - getting developers and testers to fully understand the scenarios and designs. Rewarding when the solution is exactly what your customers want!
The company is pretty stable.
They really know their computers but are way behind apple computers.
Brand name: Whatever the case, Microsoft will always be a big name Good salary: Very competitive salary Flexibility: I can come to office any time and leave at any time or I can do work from home, as far as I am completing my work. Independence: There is no micro management and I am the owner of my feature. It gives me huge exposure and I can focus on my work.
Benefits are great. Work with some of the best in the industry. I feel like I have an internal and external impact. There is an incentive to collaborate with others. I get to pick the problems that I work on.
-awesome worklife balance, nice medicare benefits - and lots of diverse opportunities to work on
Strong financials, good comps, name recognition.
1. Flexibility 2. Cross functional growth
Lots of different roles available
A lot of freedom in choice of project. Great facilities, great people. A lot of interns during summer season, most of them from top notch schools. A lot of talks and academic visitors.
Great health benefits. Many internal job opportunities.Very smart people. You work on the world's biggest problems.
1. Flexibility 2. Cross functional growth
Lots of different roles available
Great place to work. Great career growth path. Different opportunities within one company.
one of the best reasons to work at Microsoft is the diversity of products. From Windows to Office to Xbox to Mobile, you have lots of choices!
If you get on a great team, you'll have a blast, be given a lot of responsibility, and have the opportunity to grow. Find a great manager to draft behind and you'll have great success.
diverse set of people and problems they solve. a never-give-up attitude.
Big company, good salaries, new techonolgies.
excellent benefits very diverse work environment
Equip its employees wid huge salaries :D
great place to start a career
Being a Microsoft consultant is as close to running your own business without any of the hassles as you can get. Great pay, incredible benefits, lots of varied and interesting projects, time and resources for deepening and expanding your skill sets. And best of all, no pressure to become a manager to advance your career. You can go as far as you want and never have to change into management if you don't want to. Bill Gates never managed anyone and he did pretty well...LOL
Microsoft provides great opportunities across a diverse set of businesses and is a great place to develop professionally. There is a strong sense of values in the organization and a huge emphasis on employee feedback and creating a positive working environment. There are many resources available to employees to assist them to succeed both professionally and personally.
Professional, respectful for idividuals, values
Awesome place to work. Great package. Whole lot of options for growth and actually get to meet greatest mind in the industry.
Very large company, with good infrastructure. Great office and facilities for the employees.
Benefits, technology, Pro club, employee resources, store
good benefits supporting leads and managers
- Smart coworkers - See your products in the news - Can still change the world here
They had great health benefits (no longer im told) and there were so many people there it was hard not to find a friend
The passion to excel rubs onto the employees and stays on with you. Success is supremely recognized. Good chance to make good money out of commissions
Benefits, specially health insurance. Free Soda drinks. Working in offices rather than cubical spaces. on-prem cafeteria. Free access to Microsoft products.
Good career opourtunity if you are working in Microsoft Redmond. It is better to avoid Microsoft IDC if you are interested in building an Individual Contributor career. Translucent annual review. Chance to provide anonymous feedback to your manager but the action taken on it depends on the upper management
flexible, good, nice, above average
Unique work culture Openness Friendly Excellent work environment Excellent company
1. Top benefits packages in IT industry 2. Slightly above average pay for junior/middle level employees. 3. Good work/life balance in traditional product groups 4. There are many very senior developers around from who you can learn a lot (if you are junior) 5. Good place to build up engineering skills. 6.
godd technical and functional experience challenging work comes at times, and it is situational. Make sure what you are joining MGSI Products Group MSIT division really matters
Very structured organization Market focused product development Team/Org Charter is usually crisp Excellent in-terms of Work-Life balance Good portfolio of of products - OS, Office, Search, Gaming...
benefits work-life balance training variety cafeteria
Lots of different areas to transfer to once you're ready for a new challenge. Pay is decent and benefits are great. If you can get in with a good team and good manager, it can be an awesome place to work. And yes, there are still some of those around.
best place to work and great work env
During my summer there, I was amazed at the caliber of the MSR staff and the quality of their research. There are few industrial labs of this size for computer science research, and it appears that full-time researchers are given lots of latitude to pursue their own agenda. For computer science PhD students, experience at MSR will open lots of doors in both academia and industry.
Lots of smart people around. Good pay and benefits. If you fit the mold, good career structure. Better corporate citizenship than you might expect.
work culture is pretty good
Work life balance Good compensation Management is good interaction between team is very good regular team meeting and outings seniors are supportive
Smart people to learn from and work with, a variety of customers and business challenges to sink your teeth into
Good work - stable job
The breadth of opportunities is almost unparalleled in corporate world. Also, it's a great place to do interesting work in a challenging environment.
Multimedia Content Strategist and other stuff
Great Work Cluture. Awesome Brand Name If you want to learn Brand Loyalty and the best of Customer Service , Work with microsoft. It is a great place to learn technology.
Digital frontier and computing paradigm shift leader.
High recognition in this field Flexible time Great office Competent leaders
work with professionals employees, great managers, travelling a lot, people shares their knowledge, good salary,
Individual gets an isight into product developement schemes
Smart people, Vibrant work culture, cross group collaboration
Smart People, Great technology, Nice perks, Generally fun atmosphere, Good location, Nice campus, Opportunity for impact, Get to test new products
Good supervisor (though I´ve had some bad ones...). Flexibility to work from home or from other locations. Passion of the people is quite large.
Stable. Humane organization. Good R&D process. Good learning environment.
Giving campaign: devotes employee and employer time to supporting causes that hte employee chooses.
Opportunity to work with smart people
Tons of visibility into broader company strategy, great work life balance, fun team culture
- Great coworkers - Good products
Friendly environment with nice people
Very lenient hours for Program Managers (not always the case for devs). Interesting projects to work on (really depends on the team that you're on).
The best part of working here is the colleagues. The people around you are awesome and you learn a lot from them. Flexible working hours, sports and other facilities ensure that you have a life outside the cubicle.
Good ambient, a lot to learn always up to date
Great learning experience and also a lot of growth opportunities for career growth as well. Ability to learn great technologies too
Can say as working for a product company/technology giant.
Great benefits, top tech shop
Pay and Benefits. Ability to advance.
MS really care about the employees. Work with amazing smart people on great stuff with greate tech. Great place to work!
MS really care about the employees. Work with amazing smart people on great stuff with greate tech. Great place to work!
Good benefits, smart people, good location
Impact. Wage and bennefits. My work and life balance.
Its marketing strength & leadership quality
Microsoft does a great job of enbracing the extrepreneurial spirit of employees and the company will spare no expense to get employess the tools needed to be successful. However, work/life balance will suffer tremendously because employees are always expected to be on/connected. All in all, Microsoft is a great company to work for.
pro employee work life balance supported
I like computers & want to explore more about it & i will not find any other company on the globe to compete with this company. As it not only provides better facility to their employees but its also an honor to work under such giant company in the technology world.
Good employee policies. A culture that encourages sharing learnings and best practices. Getting an experience of a well organized and documented software development process.
Very flexible timings, and cool environment. People are very cooperative. Good salary, good facilities. Home drop service. Parties and trips are very frequent
Collaborative culture. A good start for a new grad. Not so bad compensation. Seattle is a beautiful city.
pursuit excellence cares about people
* Flexibility * Great team * Great people * Nice offices * Great perks * Lots of potential and career opportunities
Provides a very friendly work environment. Promotes work life balance. Has a very extended and good benefit on health and other areas.
always learning, always finding, always meeting
flexible working processes, respnsibility, open mided working culture
Super smart and mature people, great leadership, strong structure, discipline. Strong cutlture of accountability. great work life balance.
Company culture Opportunities to grow and improve Oncampus facilities Work life balance Pool tables Extra curricular activities, social involvement Leading industry
Great environment to work in
a person with hard work can become a technology specialist in a very short time. Its hard to get such a technical experience any where else. Good independence in working style of an employee as long as it doesn't affect others
Work with lots of smart people. Work on products that are visible to millions of people. Great brand recognition, which is good for your career as a whole. Great benefits and a flexible work environment.
Work with lots of smart people. Work on products that are visible to millions of people. Great brand recognition, which is good for your career as a whole. Great benefits and a flexible work environment.
Great comp and opportunities to impact the market. Fantastic resource available to do your job. You have the opportunity to move around the organization.
It once was a great company. Steve Ballmer needs to leave.
Still has top benefit for families. The innovation drive in coming back The process is getting simpler The speed of things moving is picking up
- Good engineering perks - Impact on very, very large scale customer base - Work on products that your friends and family likely use
Compensation is good and the job prevents many challenges.
As Microsoft so aptly says "Your Potential. Our Passion". This is a workplace where you will actually end up loving your work. The work is challenging and exciting , and it is also a matter of prestige to be working with the best software company in the world. Microsoft takes note of its employees very seriously and employee satisfaction is a major concern so they spice that up with flexible work timings, fat pay cheques , entertainment zones in the office itself, unlimited beverages and buffet lunch/dinner and the like. You can even have a game of XBox while you are over a glass of cola or probably have a massage in the massage chair.  Its cool, people are nice and you are appreciated for the work you are doing.
Good benefits, competitive pay getting better
Good people, plenty of resources to learn
1. Plenty of opportunities to grow inside Microsoft 2. You will find the work to be challenging if the team is into developing cutting edge technologies 3. Good work life balance ( depends on your manager though ) 4. Good benefits & one of the best relocation policies 5. Great place for any grad to start
* Tons of chances to learn advanced technologies * Free tools for software development * Lots of perks * Great People
Pay is good. If you're self motivated you can go far.
eager to get the max out of each person. interesting learning curve. possibility to grow within the company and at intl level. result oriented company
- Great management - Lots of responsibility - Wonderful team - Benefits - Growth opportunities - Surrounded by really smart people
Lot of different opportunities to learn
Great place to make career if you are in right place
The project is very exciting and a lot of challenges. People are nice, the workload is reasonable and the building is new.
This is a place where you can find every techonology you wished to work at.
You have the opportunity to learn a lot of new skills, make use of skills, make connections and allow yourself the chance to grow.
Best software company that helps to achieve company and/or people potential
Best software company that helps to achieve company and/or people potential
Amazing team work , the great working environment , the Information and knowledge sharing within Microsoft and the level of respect shown by management toward employees?
Great products and a good work life balance compared to other companies if you have the good fortune to work in the right teams
Smart, mostly nice people who care about making a difference in the lives of customers and partners and work reasonably hard to get that done
Benefits great, unmatched in the industry. They are changing them at the end of the year.
good platform to lay solid ground in techniques.
good package, working with great people, career
Free soda and can be a fun atmosphere at times.
smart people good process huge content to improve skills
- Strong Community Reach - Regular/frequent events/workshops
Good benefits. Well compensated. Relocation packages are awesome. Great people on my team, but can't vouch for all teams or organizations. Team morale for my group is high. Good work-life balance.
Microsoft is a company with great technology and platforms, filled with smart, highly motivated people. The benefits package is among the best in the industry.
good future, good salary and good platform. I still believe this company can offer best future for its employees. And it is heard that the salary is good.
time is flexible, and facility is excellent
- Great Culture - Completely 'Employee Oriented' - Many domains and technologies - Choicest :)
Open, honest culture. Plenty of opportunity to advance, develop and grow your career. Highly varied mix of products and services, enabling career choices.
good salary, comfortable environment, flexible work time, lots of opportunities to gain knowledge about the state-of-art technologies, opportunities to learn how manager make a decision.
Smart people, great health insurance, good salary. good office, good benefits. Interesting tasks
Great overall benefits package. Salary is on the upper end of the range. Opportunities for career advancement is vast and plentiful. International company with offices world wide.
Microsoft respects its employees and accomodates diversity It has tremendously refurbished its review model to make it more effective
good pay nice internal system good pay nice internal system
Well payed job Comfortable work place Company's good reputation Work with smart people
good benefits, ok salary, ok work, ok managment, ok work-life balance, free soda and free coffee if you like it
Good infrastructure and amenities for Employees
1. The range of solutions that you can work on 2. The incredibly talented individuals on the teams 3. The importance of customer satisfaction 4. The value placed on doing good for the ecosystem
* Microsoft is an amazing place to learn from others and, if circumstances allow it, grow professionally within the company. * The company has above average health benefits. * Excellent Continuing Education and Self-Study Resources * Excellent Self-Service Mentorship Program * Overall compensation is above average when you add all the fringe benefits and services an employee obtains since Day 1 working in Microsoft.
Learn something u can not get in even top university labs, and the programming skills from top programmers. They will offer u a mentor and u can make a study of the code they provide you with.
Good culture, smart people to work with
Benefits, Discounts, Co-Workers, clean work environment.
Respect and appreciation from management, high compensation, serious about healthy balance between work and life, excellent health plan, excellent frequent training opportunities.
Respect and appreciation from management, high compensation, serious about healthy balance between work and life, excellent health plan, excellent frequent training opportunities.
Benefits Easy to move around to different jobs/groups
There's definitely a high degree of mobility within divisions. If you get bored of doing something you can move around and try something new. Of course, the other benefits related to working in a leading software company apply as well.
valueable working experience, best growth platform for your profressinoal career, you will get respect from others if you work for such a good company
Health benefits plus access to technology are incredible.
It is challenging, but really fun
Nice to have my own office as an entry level I guess
Microsoft offers some of the best benefits I've seen.
Great benefits, very good and smart people.
good benifits and good company brand
People have mutual respect for each other and there is great cross-functional collaboration between teams. Microsoft is the leader in its field, which is great for your CV/future prospects. The staff restaurant offers a good choice of hot and cold food and it subsidised so is good value, although not so good as it used to be as they have switched companies.
Get to work with smart people. Access to the latest technologies. Excellent benefits.
smart colleagues, good community engagement through giving and volunteer program, opportunities to do a variety of jobs or work on a range of technologies.
Good company brand, good salary
Great benefit package and gym membership
Great managers, great teams, people will go out of their way to help you in your career - at least for me
Reputation and line of work.
Opportunity to work on interesting projects, managment is accountable to ensure the employees career development needs are being addressed.
great health benefits, generally good pay
good salary, smart people to work with
Brand name, salary is good when compared to other companies
This review is to highlight the pros and cons of a working mom at Microsoft. HR has great benefits in terms of mother's rooms, support forums, generous maternity benefits and time off.
Good work culture, Chances to explore opportunities in many different teams
Great people, great opportunities to improve the way people work.
Microsoft offers nice work environment, interesting work, flexible schedules, nice spacious individual offices, good benefits, decent amount of vacation time. Seattle in general is a nice area to raise a family. Tehre are good schools and daycares nearby. Seattle offers lots of recreational activities and sports. Lots of trails and parks nearby. Skiing is close too.
Good work culture and a lot of smart people. Pay and benefits are good.
Good pay and great opportunities
Microsoft is fair in all aspects from how the employees are treated to vacation time to bonuses. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a career in a computer related field.
Benefits Ability to learn anything you want Good Commuting perks
Great benefits, challenging work, and smart people. Tremendous number of products providing diversification of financial risk. Great portfolio of products
Lots of options for career advancement, great benefits and flexibility
Competitive Compensation Good work life balance Flexible
The work is challenging, the people are incredibly intelligent and they take care of their employees in just about every way possible.
Formerly had the best medical. Excellent benefits for military and families. Work with some of the smartest people in the world.
dynamic, progresive, provide collboration within colleuges and groups
Lot of facilities Redmond is fun in summer Interns are pampered like CRAZY!!! Microsoft Prime discounts Free microsoft software (through free MSDN subscription for a YEAR!) Intern gifts (I got an Xbox with Kinnect, Zune HD and a windows phone 7) Oh... Challenging, game changing... yada yada work! :-{)
Good raputation, smart people, intense work environment, flexible working hours, nice collegues.
Great Products - you can be proud of many products that Microsoft brings to market Many smart people Better than average pay Great benefits
- highly competitive - play to win in the long haul - money cushion means this company is less affected by economic volatility - culture is relative open, fair, not terribly hierarchial (especially in marketing)
Excellent work environment in Sales Creativity and empowerment encouraged Continuous on the job learning
Excellent work environment in Sales Creativity and empowerment encouraged Continuous on the job learning
Microsoft offers great benefits (health insurance, 401k, various types of leaves are available) and competitive salaries. Opportunities for career advancement or lateral moves make the work environment in Microsoft very flexible.
Employee Purchase benefit, Work with highly talented individuals, Free starbucks coffee, and Free healthcare.
work hard , play harder! everyone cares about you , and makes you good mood.
challenging work, smart people, great
i thought that it was very good because of the people the products, the task they gave me, and just so many more things
Microsoft has an outstanding benefits package, and generally respects a clear work/live boundary. There is also generally a lot of support in terms of tools and infrastructure.
opportunities to grow career opportunities to learn new things opportunities to participate in tackling new challenges and setting industry standards smart people excellent benefits good rewards for hard work
Microsoft is the best place to work when you wanted to thrive in technology. Great work culture blended with professionals individuals..
The medical/vision/prescription benefits are great, but they are about to change.
The People you work with ona daily basis Work/Life Balance is generally good Pay is good for contract workers Fringe Benefits Networking
Think of selling licensing and software to business as a plumbing job. Microsoft makes great "plumbing" for businesses. I enjoy helping customers build new and interesting stuff based on the technology or "plumping" Microsoft provides. Challenging job and if you can make it through the challenging times, it has the potential to be rewarding.
Excellent Value Proposition Strong well-know Products Great access to Technical Decision Makers Everyone wants to talk with Microsoft Unified Collaboration solutions are the Best Great Benefits for Employees. Microsoft has a tremendous giving cultture. Example they have a Giving campaign where they encourage every employee to give to their community.
Great company to work for especially if you have a family and want to maintain good work life balance.
Passion, flexibility, challanging and part of a team
-Talented People - working with the brightest and the best  - Fun Challenges -Reasonable work life balance  - Great benefits especially helath although it is getting ammended soon
Good benefits and nice workplace environment. Generally nice, smart people. You get your own office with a door and a window with tenure.
- Smart peers, opportunity to work on cool products - Quality of intellectual work product - Stimulating work - Pride in product
Microsoft has a great set of benefits including free soft drinks. They provide access to training and
large scale challenges. you get to work with very smart and passionate people.
benefit is good compared with other similar companies
Good compensation Excellent benefits Alot of training materials and oportunities Excellent place to start your career
Good salary, benefit, work-life balance environment.
big company, there is a deep knowledge of ms technology, smart people around. not too busy but you can learn many things
Good research culture, Flexible work environmnet in most of cases, Smart people, from who you can learn a lot on how to do research, Somehow a good place to do research for a PHD, especially in China, Beijing.
You get Excellent benefits. Medical benefits are great, but that may change very soon. Smart people as coworkers. Competent management.
Excellent enviroment, smart and nice people,
many new technology to learn
Great wrok enivoremnt, good salary
Quite a proffesionally mananged organisation
Great job and employees to work with
You'll learn a lot especially from technical area, a lot of challenging tasks and a level of expected quality is quite high. They also really expect you to deliver at the deadline, so pressure is high but it might push you above your limit. If you want to learn there are a handful of resources and smart people to learn from. Also engineers get a lot of freedom in a way they accomplish their goals, it's mostly delivering them that counts, not the path you select...
Lots of mobility and opportunity to work on different things. I'm on my way to start my 3rd career at MSFT.  Super smart people working on hard problems.
Lots of groups doing cutting-edge work People are experienced, knowledgeable, helpful
- facilities - looks good on your CV - learnings of the IT industry - Global events
Can move to different areas of technology without leaving the company
Amazing Environment to work Helpful seniors (technical folks) Access to Latest Products Extensive training Good Food Located well withing city limits Good pay
still unbeatable benefits compared to rest of the industry.
The compnay has Good working environment
Fair, open, equality, very talented colleagues, challenging work, respect people's own decisions, respect every discipline, work hard, play harder,
Many established technologies with lots of customers.
1) flexible timings 2)Chance to learn a lot from great people 3) good transportation facilities 4)good perks 5) Regular feedback mechanism
a good place to work at, great environment, great colleagues and managers,
-Excellent source to get to work on latest technologies -Good benefits
* The benefits is very good. * The salary is a competitive. * There are many projects to work on.
R&D is extensive with some forward looking value to helping IT and Consumers. The workers are genuine, smart, creative. The multi-cultural environment add strong value to being a global thinking company.
Microsoft has Good employee Benefits It has very Open environment where you are free to explore what you want to work on Challenging work
greast benifits and stock if you are well liked
very good benefit, diversified products, easy access to many great tools, nice office and campus, convenient location with commute support
Microsoft still has good talented developers and knowledge. Therefore, it can create new product shortly with good quality when the management layer make a good decision.
Great Company, Great Perks. Best Health benefits for you and your family, Focus on Work-Life balance, Focus on diversity, good learning oppurtunities
smart people, profitable company and great benefits
Benefits are second to none, very diverse, mobiilty within the company is a plus
you'll work on interesting projects, with high talented people.
the company is very reputed and the facilities provided to the employees are very good making for a good work expereience
Projects are interesting and challenging. Smart, hard working people. Probably a good development/experience based career choice if you are in your 20s or early 30s.
-Great benefits package -Very smart people -Lots of investment capital - lots of flexibility to move around the company - Above average pay, bonus, and stock - Big challenges and products to work on
Great brand, superb learning opportunities, particularly when you are under 30 y.o.
Flex time, career advancements, awesome benefits, rewards and recognition, opportunities within the company, smart people to work with, give back to the community
Great place to learn and do new things. Great compensation for high performers. Fun place and on the right team is it's the best place I have worked.
Great place to learn and do new things. Great compensation for high performers. Fun place and on the right team is it's the best place I have worked.
They are one of the best company in the world so you will have the opportunity to work with some of the best brain of the industry. Their pay and benefits are decent.
very good work life balance. working with a lot of smart people. Has your own office so you can concentrate more on the work.
1. The best benefits package out there 2. Access to technologies and resources
1. Trasparent processes 2. Variery of products to suit everyone's needs
1. Good Management. Understanding. Professional 2. Flexible working hours 3. Room for learning and exploring 4. Good exposure to people all around the world
Great benefits, outstanding resume experience, many smart people, good systems, better than average processes, many areas for movement in the company.
Very good place to work for. Good team. talented folks.
Good tools and infrastructure. Broad exposure to software technologies. Good support to engineers. Has own office. Good campus and locations.
Great people, worldwide company, ample support to achieve goals
Fullfilling. You get to work on hard problems.
good salary, gr8 place to work, gr8 ppl around
Great benefits - especially Healthcare. Good work/life balance. In the field at least, great support for telecommuting. Starting salary good, but get what you want to start as salary adjustments impacted by convoluted review process.
Best place to work. Lots of growth, People focus. Lots of freedom and empowering people. Long term potential. yes very good benifts.
Great brands Good size budgets Smart people Good international exposure Still looks good on your resume
Super smart people, great opportunity to work with cutting edge technology companies.
pay benefits till 2012 but in ? after... company name recognition but not as good as it used to be as compare to Google or Facebook
Tons of resources you can leverage. Big name on the resume. Good benefits.
Good work life balance Nice compensation after the R&D salary pump Excellent benefit coverage (will be just Great after 2013)
Companies are all different and I've been in small startups to mid-sized ones. They were all unique and if you are focusing on your career rather than already pursuing a concrete goal, Microsoft would be a place to learn something.
Great brand to work for Awesome community to work for Great package to work for Awesome scale and diversity of work to work for
People are truly passionate about what they do and are proud of working in an culture that breeds a sense of purpose and real contribution. Managers are always willing to provide insight and feedback, and the leadership and camaraderie found on certain teams is inspiring. People work hard and play hard, and get the job done. Great place to be.
Passion for product, overall desire for collaboration and sincere interest in each other's success. No fear for challenging status quo and staying lenghty Friday nights to be the best. Overall, being surrounded by really smart people and having every day bring excitement and novelty.
Unimaginable resources both in knowledge bases, employees, software, and support Microsoft is like dozens of companies within a company, so there is always opportunity to expand a career without moving to another company There are jobs and roles for just about anyone involved in software
Health benefits, great employees, see the world if you want to, work environment, facilities, good salaries and bonuses, highly competitive
- Cutting edge technology - Very smart people - Fame - Benefits (through end of 2012) - Learning and growth opportunities
Access to great tools and technologies, generally fair employer.
great resources collaborative development agile software development
Great colleagues, friendly work environment
Benefits, lots of opportunities, working with very smart people
Great people and company treats and trains people well
Microsoft hires brilliant people, fosters a collaborative environment, and while you are at work, the workplace is very comfortable, to a certain level, they do value talent.
Vast variety of software related projects & opportunities Reasonably good environment for employees to do good work Reasonably good benefits Focus on growing people (in most divisions) Area around Microsoft has a diverse population & good schools
- lot of smart people - positive people - a community
Work life balance is good in many groups.
They value your passion towards technology. They take into consideration your life's choices and decisions while recruiting you They take care of you and your family
The people at Microsoft are competent and many are dedicated and enthusiastic about what they do. It's a pleasure to work there and does not easily become boring or mundane.
flexible, well paid, many products to work on, diffeferent directioins to pursue (IT infrastructure, End User productivity, Consumer, enterprise, traditional on premise or hosted cloud)
Work is bad. They hire best and give below standard work.
Great benefits, smart people, good pay, good work/life balance, flexible working hours, it's in Seattle, the best city on earth.
Great benefits, smart people, good pay, good work/life balance, flexible working hours, it's in Seattle, the best city on earth.
peers, self development, liberty, focus on innovation
The company is good having a great atmosphere. The company is the biggest brand name in the world so it is very good.
Professional work environment. High salary Good 401 match
Benefit package is good especially the medical insurance. Diversity of employees, instead of single race dominated. Very diverse of businesses across the company, never lack of opportunity.
Work with talent people and lots of resource can be accessed.
you are more than likely to find some excellent, intelligent co-workers, ambitious and passionate environment, good place to work if you've found your niche, terrific benefits
The Work Culture is really great and employee friendly. You get a chance to switch teams. You have a chance to give open feedback to/about your manager and its heard.
Good benefits, pays well, intelligent peers.
Microsoft is such a terrific place to work. I love the environment that I work in. Everyone is so positive.
Great People Interesting diversity in technology Interesting challenges Focus on balancing Work and Personal Life New move towards flexible workstyle with no desks
Benefits are great I worked with very smart people that I could learn from There were a lot of opportunities working for different groups
Great colleagues Challenging projects Good work life balance
I worked side-by-side with talented and motivated individuals who took pride in their projects and deliverables. There were many opportunities for learning and growing my expertise in new technologies.
flexible work environment, benefits, challenging culture
Has matured nicely as a american corporate company. Has a good focus on employee work-life balance. Has some great upcoming innovation in the next two years.
some smart folks are still there
You are really coding at a bleeding edge environment. Two years in and I am tasked with cloudifying a major service in our platform (serving tens of thousands each). I went from college student with experience in C / C++ to being an expert in C#. I got to design an asynchronous public API. I have been able to take on as much work as I can handle with the support of mentors and my manager. Seriously, when you get a good team, Microsoft can be a great place to work.
Benefits, challenging work, decent hardware
Great innovations Respect for employees Great work env.
Microsoft is a great place to work for. It respects diversity and provide everybody with the experience he/she wants. It also has alot of teams with different domains in Software Development and Research.
The internsip program provided me with insight to many aspects of the company. I was placed on many different projects.
The breadth of career opportunities can be overwhelming - you can literally work anywhere in the world, affecting all types of industries, customers segments and technologies. Benefits are great (100% health care coverage!), and the salaries are at or above market.
There are too many things to learn in this company, especially for junior level people. Great people, great culture, great technology.
MS treat employees well with its benefits and stable positions. It is a good company if you want a stable place to work on for a long time. As a big company, it has the ability to invest in places for far future and employees have opportunities to explore different technologies and are given time for investigation.
1) Young crowd 2) people are helpfull 3) Decent transperancy
People in most teams are fun to work with. Seattle is a fun city.
flexibility in schedule and some work/life balance..depends on the group
Benefits, flexibility. If you work at Redmond campus, feel like college
The pay and benefits were excellent. You can move up if you are willing to travel or give up personal life.
The pay and benefits were excellent. You can move up if you are willing to travel or give up personal life.
Vast variety of choices to work with. You can work on so many different things. You get your own office.
dynamic technology environment with a branded company and it seems like there are lots of opportunities both in Redmond as well as other locations around the world.
1. Lots of products to choose from covering all areas of computer science. 2. Amazingly tech savvy colleagues. 3. Great salary and benefits.
World class health and benefits program.
-Great benefits -Okay work/life balance, depending on team, project, and political ties -Telecommuting is an acceptable practice -Good experience if you have a good manager
Great flexibility, decent pay (esp with recent raise for R&D), great benefits, nice work environment. Lots of oppportunity to work on interesting software
MS is a large, global company, with many opportunities for career and professional growth. The company has many resources available, and despite slowing growth, still makes available opportunities across business segments, disciplines, geographies, etc. One can really have a broad and diverse career within this company.
Some pros about working at Microsoft include - cutting edge technologies, challenging work environment, great benefits, good environment and people
The "Cadillac" health care - mind you, changes are afoot there, the bright people you *may* work with,
- Health Benefits - Work with smart people - Treat you like a professional because they expect you are one - Access to many different products and betas (XBox, Windows, Windows Phone, IE, etc.) - Good name to have on your resume when you're looking for a new job  Microsoft isn't evil. It is just a big slow company that's trying to do its best to keep up with the market trends while keeping the employees happy. They fall short in both areas but I'll give them credit for trying.
-exciting products, and a company with deep pockets to support new market opportunities -great partnerships between program management, development, and testing -opportunities to move between teams and disciplines -good experiences for junior employees -good benefits for now, but health benefits are slowly eroding
brand name working on world known products benefits work life balance
Work with incredibly bright people who are passionate about their work. Dedicated Sr Mgt driven by being successful.
Definitely a lot of smart people working at Microsoft and tons of potential in terms of domains of influence.
Good feedback from peers to improve oneself Get to work with smartest folks Great work life balance Best benefits package in the industry You can find peers who are genuinely willing to help you succeed.
1. Good breadth of products 2. Good company for college hires. 3. Good in campus facilities 4. Flexible working hours.
regardless of whatever people says it is still a good place. google and msft today (2011) are essentially same. msft may be more flexible.
Microsoft as a company has great benefits even though rising benefits cost in general is forcing Microsoft to look at additional ways cut cost. It's nice to have access to all of the latest Microsoft software assets & toys.
compensation breadth of product line strong processes industry leadership
It is a effectively a conglomeration of many small companies around the world and enables you to work in very diverse fields and locations.
Above average salary when started typical fringe benefits Caring managers Goal transparency
Innovative projects Good environment,Good support from management
Microsoft has good reputation and brand name.
Only brand name. Nothing else is there
The best place to do your best and choose your own road to grow with a big company offering many opportunities.
huge opportunities, great people, fantastic breadth
Microsoft has great benefits (at least until 2012) and good training opportunities.
Microsoft has great people: smart, motivated, fun to work with. Have no intentions of leaving for another company as the salary/benefits will be hard to beat.
The employees are treated very fairly and the food on the campus cafeteria is EXCELLENT! I was extremely satisfied with my work.
The employees are treated very fairly and the food on the campus cafeteria is EXCELLENT! I was extremely satisfied with my work.
Free Pops, lay back environment
Great benefits, good experience. Some very good peers
-Fantastic benefits. 100% medical coverage (though changing in 2013) -Very smart people, always challenging work -Excellent facilities -Great tele-work options for field-based employees
Smart people Great products that span consumers, office workers, enterprises, entertainment, advertising, etc Wealth of experience developing complex software products Immense variety of products you can work on Respectful culture Superb Benefits and Workplace ambience Amazing research team that you can tap into for cutting edge technologies
Very intelligent and competent peers - stimulating learning experience.
Good experience, lots of smart people, a few dumb ones. Good opporunities to learn and try different things. Mind the process though.
work with professional people and via systematic methods.
ok life and work balance
Good compensation package . Great company to work for. Awesome benefits. Smart people to work with. Seattle is a good city to work.
Great benefits, coworkers generally know what they're doing, management wasn't too terrible to deal with. It was easy to get promotions if good work was done.
You work with intelligent people for a good compensation package. The facilities are ofcourse a plus.
Lots of really smart people and challenging work, good work environment, good benefits, flexible hours and work arrangements, mostly informal although it depends on where you work.
nice career stage for young.
They developed many serious products, such as office and windows OS.
Typically work on the leading edge as customers look to you as the expert. If you like working on Microsoft products there is no better place.
for professional work style, it is a good place to go to.
Safe company to work at. Each Org is like its own company so depending on which Org you are, you will have a very different experience. People are generally good to work with.
Nice office space Fair compensation and benefits Relatively stable Wicked cool technology and research Good resources for development Good executive leaders
Gain knowledge and experience Know the dirty politics
lots of resources to support you
good salary nice environment intellectual people envy
Strong brand, broad products and services portfolio.
Great benefits, free soda, and very flexible time. You get pretty much any equipment you need to do your job. Extremely smart co-workers (most of them)
A lot of courses you can take to improve your skills
Work & Life flexibility is great. Top of the range productivity software to work with.
Excelllent place to work and growth
great people, company that has a conscious, flexible work schedule, smart employees
Smart people (with usually good collaboration and teamwork) Solid financial foundation (good in these uncertain times) Solid brand name for your resume Access to training and professional growth Decent compensation
Wide range of problems to go solve, smart peer set to work with. The best benefits in the industry, most places you get your own office.
You are better off as an IC. Chance to work wiht good minds. Learn new cutting edge technology if you have the passion
The company has a good reputation and has lots of opportunities internal to the company.
Microsoft is world accept company. and they give high salary to employer. there I,m like to work in Microsoft company.
Competitive, Good growth, Best in the world
Work life balance is great!
Good employee benefits Flexible working hours Supports working from home In-house health facility
It's awesome to work at one of the companies on the cutting edge of technological innovation. The offices are clean and modern.
Great package Great communication from senior managers Good work life balance
. Prestige that comes with with the company's reputation . Impact the work can have on what people use everyday
Microsoft provides excellent benefits, work environment and compensation. It is the most culturally diverse workplace that I have ever encountered.
If you are passion on technology, it's the best place to work.
- great health benefits (soon to not be so great) - flexible hours - work on stuff used by millions - good way to learn how big software is made
good work, good pay... lot of scope of innovation with your ideas freedom to explore other groups
Job security, Big company, Established products
Very wide variety of work areas available making it easier to find all types of challenges within the same company. great benefits package.
- Compensation - Brand Name (although becoming somewhat tarnished) - Resources (technologies and transportation among other things) - Location (both Redmond and Bellevue locations are nice)
It is great to be part of the future IT landscape. Seeing what is coming next and feeling to be a part of it - is awesome
Very big company, able to get my hands on some cool and big project. also very good benefit and fairly good pay. Learning from a lot of smart people, and learning Windows Programming, which is not easy to find out there.
Great benefits, flexibile work arrangements, opportunities for professional growth and changes in job role
You can learn about anything you like. There are many smart people to learn from.
You can learn about anything you like. There are many smart people to learn from.
Excellent benefits, good pay and raises if you are a competent, productive employee. Work with very intelligent people.
The best thing about working at Microsoft is clearly the people. Microsoft values employing the most professional, brightest people in the IT industry. The atmposphere is second to none, creating an environment where people can relax and want to work hard. I look forward to the opportunity to return.
Best people, best environment, great leaders, fun culture
Microsoft's Services organization is a great place to work and there is more synergy and collaboration among peers. The benefits are still top notch and the salary and bonus potential are slightly above industry average. Still a good brand to work for and company store discount is great for Xbox games.
Career development allows for personal growth
Very easy to switch to completely different team/role. Great access to tools/technology. Access to domain experts. Not too much unnecessary process.
Strong technology, interesting work, interesting people.
Benefits are good, resources to do your job are plentifyl. A large amount of training is available for those who desire it.
It is a big company,. everybody know MS
starbucks, xboxes, and pool tables in the break rooms. flexi-time. casual dress. they're pretty flexible around time off in general.
ability to do most anything from switch careers (marketing to finance then to operations) work with very talented people who push you to learn more and do your best fantastic finance rotation programs especially for those who want to work internationally
free comps and gadgets and loads and loads of friends to make
nothing good except their medical insurance.
Great benefits package. Better place for earlier in your career as opposed to later career. Lots of org flattening going on. If you have no life at all or family (which is definitely the preference there) then its a great place to be as that is what the culture fosters.
1. Brand value 2. One of the best facilities provided to employee. 3. Depending on teams work life balance is good enough to enjoy your family life.
The benefits are really great if you have a family. After a few promotions you are really going to be paid a nice amount.
*Lots of smart folks around *Decent worklife balance
I have been working at Microsoft about four years now. I would is that you get lot of oppertunities for growth. You would have good name on your CV. Good medical/health plan.
You will get to work with so many smart individuals.
World class benefits. Any doctor, anywhere, anytime, worldwide. You can't compete with something as complete as the Microsoft benefits system.
good salary, flexi timings, no dress code
Different types of technology Benefits package
Talented peers, Excellent work culture, Flexibility, Open to ideas
unlimited career growth and ease of changing career path. company pays well and rewards those with extra contributions. talents are certainly recognized and rewarded.
great benefits. some smart people.
The benefits are world class Most managers are quite good at what they do An amazing footprint in terms of the breadth your work can impact Large budgets
Helathcare, Opportunity for growth, Advances in technology Open communication with executive leadership
- Great place to work with good benefits for employees, A lot of informative analysis on each angle of the business.
Flexible work environment, many internal opportunities to shift around, many trainings that you can get, great products
Flexible work environment, many internal opportunities to shift around, many trainings that you can get, great products
Good Structure, friendly environemnt, nice place to work at
Stable Job security All in all good work/life balance
You get a chance to work on current edge technology. Ability to impact code that runs on a large number of systems.
There is a focus on career and growth. Don't expect to be handed a career or your manager to do it for you. It's up to the individual to drive their career and build it. Another reason is the access to the technology and working with really sharp, driven people. At least in our consulting practice there are no (or very few) lazy types.
Top notch industry co-workers, always new interesting technology, access to latest and greatest, fun dynamic enviroment, good pay opportunity.
Great work/life balance, now a mature company, so very well structure and puts the employees first.
Challenging position, higher salary and smart co-workers.Microsoft gives software developers a lot of personal freedom over both the work and the work environment.
Brand name is great ... excellent products
Very good facilities Hardware is usually not a problem at all Pay package is comparable with other industry players Insurance cover is one among the best
ms has biggest talent pool
One of the best places to work in India, Great culture, Good people. Decent work.
Great content, exciting business of media, great benefits
great people, lots of resources, can do great things sometimes, does try to be better and fix problems in most cases. many of the products are truly best in the world and they don't get enough credit for the excellent engineering work they do
Microsoft gives Great benefits, there are several good projects, we have a great work-life balance, and the company has several knowledgable people.
Great work-life balance, challenging, amazing benefits
Good technology, well known brand etc
Beautiful campus, on site cafeteria, people are for the most part really interesting and smart. If you get a good manager and team, it can be an awesome place to work.
Variety of groups to work for Some great engineering talent
Deep and new technology Transparent and efficient Work & Life balance
Some teams are great with very knowledgeable people and good management. Within certain limits you can move around within the company. Work environment is OK.
Good package overall (pay + benefits). Lots of room to move around in the company to explore new teams. Challenging work and opportunities to learn new technologies.
Laid back but highly productive atmosphere. Great co-workers. Work hard--play harder! Unlike most places, the company actually cares about employees.
Good experience for movements Lots of training
Loads of opportunity in lots of different areas at Microsoft, you just have to want it bad enough. Great culture, they live their values and appreciate diversity.
smart people and good environment
great working environment for workers.
Great benefits. Smart people. reasonable pay.
Great benefits, lots of products to work for, If you are a rockstar, you can advance as fast as you want doing the right things.
Global Exposure and great cafeteria
Good people, Product diversity, People centric
Your accountability is clear and i think you can get fairer performance reviews. office has just moved, so it is new and nice.
- Work life balance, great campus and working atmosphere, fairly objective assessment system and finally great brand to work with
* Benefits package was incredibly generous. Soon to change in 2012
Benefits, location, fantastic practice for honing your bureaucratic tendencies. Microsoft used to be a great place - if you love history - this could be a treat for you,
Microsoft still has some of the smartest people around, I'm constantly amazed at the quality of employees. The benefits and pay is pretty good, benefits are starting to decline. People expect big things from Microsoft and there aren't many companies in the world that can deliver the types of products and services that Microsoft does or could do.
Great place to gain IT knowledge. Good benefit package.
Excellent, nurturing environment. Varied talent pool, a chance to work with the best minds of the industry, competitive compensation structure.
good benifits, a lot of oppotunities to learn new technologies and grow your career, some smart person to work with,
great atmosphere, senior management cares about their teams, the communication flow is also very good, management is very supportive
The medical plan is good. The work environment allows for a lot of flexibility.
People's respect each others. If you can do a good job, others would recognize it. You have plenty of technology talks.
Great healthcare benefits in general. Vision and Dental could be better. workplace flexibility - to a certain degree. If you like ambiguity - this is a place you'll like
Microsoft is the best place I've ever worked.
fantastic benefits, fair compensation, opportunity to work on projects that have broad impact, a lot of available resources to support employees from training to operating budgets
Passionate people who truly cares for the user experiences and satisfaction instead of meeting numbers/targets. Great place for those who love challenges in their jobs. Able to work with diverse group of people from different backgrounds
Benefits, You can always find another team to work in.
Medical benefits for now. Work schedule flexibility.
Well structured. Nice company to work for. MSR is great.
- a lot of smart people - has products in many areas - has very good benefits - good work-life balance - new opportunities in search and mobile computing
- a lot of smart people - has products in many areas - has very good benefits - good work-life balance - new opportunities in search and mobile computing
You get to work with a lot of smart people. The more you pour into your job, the more you get out of it. People who just show up 9-5 will not enjoy it. People who design and code with a passion collaboratively will enjoy the corporate culture.  The environment here is very family friendly, and personal growth is encouraged.
Experience with a lot of smart people, but each group will be different so your experience will depend on that group and management.
Good pay cheque Good environment So much to learn
Good place for retirement, some team will work you to death, some will not. They had a good name but the reputation is degrading now
Flexible work timings WFH options when required Good WLB If placed in the right team, can stay abreast on the latest technologies
very good tech high quality products smart people that is the three attributes that keep me in MS
Prestigious name and looks good on the CV. Worldwide recognition of brandname. Nice working environment. Good offices (normally) Good canteens and on premises services (shop etc)
fame and free Microsoft products
I am working in a great group. You feel good to work with a lot of very talented and nice people. The managers are the strongest ones in techniques. The projects are very exciting and challenging. People are working hard and are enjoying ...
Microsoft has great products, great technical training and is investing in technical roles. Opportunity to work alongside some very smart people with integrity.
learning a lot small team enviroment
Microsoft has great benefits and a very clear path to professional growth
The work life balance is good here. The medical benefits are the best. There are a lot of technique and soft skill courses.
Company is politically very matured, in terms of all details in policies, activities, learning resources, caring for people, etc Company cares people very much: strongly supports work/life balance, advocates 20% office hour in courses learning, provides top-level resources such as gyms, shuttles, snacks, campus environment etc Company is very famous and people are respected/admired by outsiders Company has a unique position "Program manager" which other companies don't have: it's a lowest level position same with SDE, but it strongly develops people's soft skills -- inter-personal skills, think bigger, manage teamwork, improve product life cycle, etc.-- a really great position to gain growth rapidly!
Good Work Place Flexible No Stress People are good
- Intellectually very challenging and enriching -- plenty of very very smart people around you because of Microsoft candidate screening process - Management very open to feedback and when they are not, there are independent internal processes that channel your feedback anonymously
a good place to study and grow up
Big company with long reach and impact. Wide range of technical opportunities. Can be self-defined in some roles. Great benefits (for now).
Smart people to work with. Professional Development resources and programs. Empowerment to take action to meet goals. Variety of big and small emerging businesses to work on.
flexible working, broad range of options
Stable business Lots of resources Smart colleagues
- Very high salary, Bonuses and stock plan. - great work-life balance.
Strong culture. Great product set to support customers. Ability to get involved in large strategic enterprise software deals. One of the best places to learn the overall business of running a software company and experiencing how a platform company works.
Great salary package, career growth plans
welfare, flexibility given to employees, trust in employees and employees involvement in events such as process change discussions are valuable.
Interesting work and products across the entire tech industry Super smart people
I think one's experience can vary much depending on team. Having said that, I can only really speak about mine: -Great potential for work/life balance
Great Benefits Talented Employees Talented Senior Leadership Strong Intellectual Property protection competency Great global presence and experience Great Corporate campus - Great new Research building and Food court yard New Business incubation processes are innovative
Good healthcare Smart people Free soda and coffee
Good healthcare Smart people Free soda and coffee
We work with some of the smartest engineers and there is always something new happening. The maangement articulates its goals and then it needs results.
Salary - Very good compare to similar industry A Lot of resource - E Learning, books Pride Travel to US Look good in Resume
* A benefits package that no one can beat -- even with recent changes * The opportunity to work with some really smart people * Outstanding tools to support work-at-home / remote office employees * Pretty good products
products you work have an impact all over the world good benefits and compensation ability to move within different teams which work on many different technologies/areas
There's lots of flexibility allowed in job function and groups. No "set" career path, they really let you chart your own course.
name tag, facilities, smart people to work with
Huge customer impact Open-ness from community within Great problems to solve Lots of new challenges to face Availabiltiy fo all kind of career opportunities
Being a part of one of the most successful business and technology company in the world is probably the biggest advantage. Good training and lots of empowerment to get things done.
The largest software company in the world. Good career progression
there are a lot of smart people in microsoft, there are all kind of different projects you can try, the benefit is just good.
Lots of benefits that were offered to entice me to take the position. Offered to pay full relocation fees, transportation of my belongings, and even a maid. Lots of networking opportunities also.
Excellent work life balance, great people, dynamic environment
Brilliant company to work for. The people are passionate and motivated all the way through.
- benefits - access to good technologies - smart people to work with...you can learn a lot - transport/shuttle service
World famous software giants, Wide deployed software products, Super size development, Better benefits,
Great people to work with. Committed to personal and professional development. Brand opens a lot of doors. Good products. Great vision to diversify into new areas. (Advertising, games, multi-channel delivery, cloud). Exciting developments in R&D.
microsoft is a good place to work in regards to flex timings and great benefit structure.
Great health care Smart people Many teams for collaboration
Big money available to drive your ideas in market Global reach Good people
- Great perks and salary - A lot of trainings - Very professional - Very good processes
- Great place for engineers - Several technical opportunities and challenges - Good place to grow and find mentors - Good place to get experience in multiple roles and products
- Brand name - You get to play around with the latest Microsoft technologies - Good campus - Good food - Access to all Microsoft products
Good talent around you Good Campus Facilities better than Service based cos (but not product based ones)
Benefits, casual environment and company has a good reputation. Great place to network w/ others and learn new ideas...
- Informal - Agile - goal oriented - innovative - areas to grow - fun - scope to experiment - scope to change CSP's
work with the smartest people, lots of resources, comparatively stable compnay, strong brand name for new comers, good benefits, flexible work schedule.
build valuable experience to enable advancement within the company, partners, or to start own company
Broad career platform, clear career path, diverse work enviornment
Open culture and enviornment. Place to learn new technologies.
benefits, ability to work with next generation technoogy, pay, fantastic group of peers
-Collaborative atmosphere -Upwards mobility -Respect given towards all people in the firm -Work/life excellent -You feel like a normal person
Super Intelligent employees and peers. Awesome medical benefits (no life time maximum for cancer treatment, etc) Competitive pay Good career growth opportunity
Good Benefits, Lots of products to work on
Great company vision and passion for changing the world. Good benefits and concern for individual employees. Great opportunity to learn and work with the global software leader.
International culture, tons of experience in real world projects, good benefits and relaxed environment
Potential to make a broad, positive impact on the world Smart people interesting challenges culture of accountability great benefits, good pay
Opportunities to learn and grow
You will find passionate coworkers who care about their work and the organization a great deal. The benefits are the best in the industry.
Working with smart people, professional management. Lots of perks given it's one of the richest company in the world. Also have more social event than most workplaces.
- good environment, talented people, cool technology
Summer internship was generally fun, and allowed you to interact with different departments.
Benefits, work life balance, ability to influence the market
compensation and benefits are good. met good people there. social life is good. facilities are good. canteen is good. pretty much everything except for the actual job is good.
For technologists a place to work
Microsoft is a very nice company to work for. You get to work with good people, with good salary. Work in most of the teams is good. Microsoft has best performance review system and breadth of products & technologies.
people are hard workers. lots to learn from the environment
Good benefits only. Can't think that could attract good talent.
I work with a lot of intelligent and knowledgeable people. Everyone seems to have been top of the class in school/college.
Excellent benefits, always the latest Microsoft software, good working conditions,
Passion for work and company
Great benefits. no other place can compare. As long as you are a top performer, the compensation package is excellent!
One word - technologies. We are rapidly grabbing the whole space and we are doing a great job. For Windows Phone - we have made a huge leap and we are expecting much more.
Challenge, professional career growth, high standarad.
still some pockets of good ppl.
An employee's choice of company, great HR practices, great benefits, emphasis on work-life balance, focus on employee morale and fun activities esp sports focus
One of the best places to work - profesionally speaking,with lots of new technologies and methods . Management guidance is superb.
There are some really smart folks working there and it was great to put our heads together to solve customer challenges. There were many resources to draw from so it was possible to get things done.
1. Good salary 2. Good benefits 3. Overall very nice ocmpany to work for. Most importantly, it is the best place to work
Knowledge Sharing Dynamic Teams Great career "starter"
Knowledge Sharing Dynamic Teams Great career "starter"
Best company for entry level Engineer. Good Work life balance.
highly technical and motivated people one can grow in diversivfied areas excellent immediate people managers
Has great benefit package. Most of the time you will be promoting yourself to get attention. Has some work life balance.
You can learn and experience lots of things at one of top IT company in the world, high influence to our living life. Good career path.
- Good benefit so far - Large, lots of variety
- good benefits and perks, free Windows Phone 7, netbook as a gift, drinks, cheap food in the cantine - this is really HUGE company - good internal trainings -work life balance, wfh
I had one group that was pretty good with organization and process, so that folks didn't feel too overwhelmed, and knew what their priorities should be. There was reasonable work-life balance as well. The work could be interesting, although with competition between leads, there was come cherry-picking of assignments away from those who were interested.
Some really smart people to work with. If you work really hard and can prove yourself - you will be rewarded very well. But you need to be on "core" projects - that matters most to your group.
lots of new stuff almost daily
Unlimited opportunities, fun, great networking, excellent benefits, great people
It is a big company. So if you really want to learn various things, you do can. Depends on how persistent you are.
MS is a good company but hire wrong people. Work hours are flexible but not suitable for certain countries/City.
Employee empowerment Ability to take your initiative Working with many cultures and countries
Good benefits package, huge customer base.
-Access to a wide range of technologies, complete exposure to .NET environment -Generally enthusiastic and brilliant co-workers -Extremely good place for developers
- Once you're at Microsoft you can change roles - either through choice or through the frequent re-orgs. - Learning the processes is key to success - The committment to the work is 150% - Incredibally smart set of individuals - If you're willing to put Microsoft as your no 1 priority in life - then this is the place for you
Nice place to work. Good atmosphere with advancement.
Smart people around you, can learn from them
Compensation, Health benefits and brand name recognition for your resume.
