Sometimes there's a high volume of work, but sometimes there's a lack of work
ZERO ZERO ZERO work/life balance. Execs have been saying for YEARS that they understand and will make it better. But in actuality, it gets worse every year! It is obviously top management LIP SERVICE because if they meant it, they could fix it tomorrow. They have hundreds of BILLIONS in the bank. If they REALLY cared about employee work/life balance, they could bring aboard the right number of folks to make that issue dissolve. Sick of hearing the lies. Just don't lie about wanting to fix it, when they clearly DON'T care
None! I had one of the best times ever at this company. Hopefully I stay to go on to corporate!
The schedule changes every 90 days and you have to bid for your shifts so you never know what you are going to get. This makes it extremely hard to plan your life to far in advance. You are also pretty much assured to work a Saturday or Sunday.
They only offer part-time hours
Requesting time off is a hassle. Only a limited number of people can request off on a certain day. Often it is annoying trying to get a day off even if it's like 2 months in advance.
Work you to the minute, lots of micro-managing
Somewhat lower pay, difficult to advance in career, imbalanced work life.
Just the retail hours.
The late night repair shift model became difficult to maintain.
-Can get repetitive -Heavy workload -No outside interaction while working
No Issues Except Working On A Weekend
Cons - None that I can think of
work/ life balance, compensation, growth
Culture is lacking a definitive training structure. Relies on "the product" to sell itself. Leads to lazy and spaced out employees that believe every company will tolerate not putting your best foot forward every day.
politics in the work place. random weekly schedule.
Middle management often political and prioritizing team/org size too much can hide behind culture that values lack of transparency. When orgs grow large, then they seem to start tolerating more lower performance Exhausting to always have "passion" for everything that's "awesome" Need to negotiate strongly for a semblance of work/life balance
Holidays feel like you're working in a sweat shop, always understaffed
None so far so good
work-life balance mobility holiday schedule
Limited career mobility for retail employees, rare promotions from retail to corporate.
If you don't do well, you can get a bad schedule
Work life balance is nonexistent at the retail level.
Slow movement and too many managers to keep track of your growth.
strict work schedule, not flexible
Feels like High school in the work place Lots of competition
No cons for this company
High production metric targets without clear expectations for how to reach them.
Awful managers. It should be a crime to allow incompetent managers the safety of keeping their positions, micromanaging the team, and doing literally nothing besides providing price over rides.
It can be very exhausting.
Every coins have two sides.
Little to no path for advancement, cliquish leadership, “interesting” customers
managers are political. poor work life balance. odd hours and you have to work weekends.
Advancing is very difficult and no clear path to do so.
Work life balance is very challenging if you have kids or family
sometimes it was stressful getting used to their metrics/quota. I've heard that has changed since I worked there, though.
work and life balance is terrible
Dead end job, it's good if its your first job.
A lot of angry customers Work at home
no cons for this company
Inconsistent management and not always the best work like balance
You have to Work most holidays
The application process takes a while
Busy, Holiday hours, fast paced, multitasking, cost
cool people, fun environment, supportive
hard to move from retail to corporate. Managers don't assist in helping you grow or block that growth.
Beareaucracy and overhead is increasing.
Same cons as any other retail environment.
They ask a lot of you, even as a part time employee. This makes balancing work and life (and other things like school in my case) very difficult. Additionally, at its core its still retail. It's hard to get holidays and weekends off amongst the other common retail struggles.
None that I can think of
Because it’s retail, you must work weekends.
you will get tired after long and annoying appointments
flat environment, communication isn't always the best
People stay there are really long time so it's hard to advance in the company-- it can take years. It's also really taxing to deal with people all day long-- especially impatient ones who are upset about their technology not working.
unless you’re really aggressive about moving ahead, I one is going to come alongside you and help mentor you.
On average, limited upside for career growth
Hours are retail, which often arent great.
12 hour work day are more valued by management, than actual creativity and delivering. Good luck getting promoted working 8 hours a day. Too many design changes, management never says NO to ID so engineers are constantly being steamrolled into making risky changes with no changes to the schedule. Garbage culture. Can't even get a decent water spicket to fill your water bottle (constantly broken). Fruit and bagels are the only free food (garbage).
In silicon engineering group, politics trumps!
Innovations have downgraded since the passing of the great Steve Jobs.
I spent some time with iTunes team, and it's stuck in 2004 in terms of technology. Management is concerned about quality, but the only thing people get promoted is new features, so technical debt is enormous. Team managers and higher have no idea about modern engineering process and technology. But all this can very well by specific to this particular org, so pick your team really carefully.
pay is trash, toxic and fake culture, us versus them vibe too often.
Travel To Work Not Enough Time Need More Intern Events Ambiguity Needed more Information on steps moving forward after Internship
Very political, moves slow, no transparency
It was my dream to work with Apple and I could not believe my luck when I got through. No doubt, you are one of the best companies to work for but your medical policy by United Healthcare, is the worst. You need to rework clauses on the same and provide cover for NIPT to women of all ages.
working on sunday yup not sorry
No Cons, the best place
- It’s customer service so experiences will carry day to day
Bad Work/Life Balance Long Hours (Including Overnights)
some managers who behave like they are the owner of the company , low salary for countries like turkey and ireland
Irrational people with unrealistic expectations. Can get micro-managed. High stress environment.
i wish we were compensated better
Long holiday hours were tough.
Retail requires you to answer the same questions.
very fast paced constant policy changes
People complained a ton Cultish like atmosphere
Like any large company politics can get involved, leaving frustration when the right engineering solution to a problem isn’t always the decision leadership goes with. This can be due to business justifications, but more often high level ignorance and power grabs.
Everyone is very obsessed with the company
pay could scale up better
Hard to get full time hours
The company culture is changing, it is all about achieving the results no matter the cost, forget about the employee development and there is a lack of compassion
-Hard to move up -Customers SUCK
scheduling could be a headache at times
Need to be willing to transfer to other stores or apply to corporate if you want a management/high level position
Currently there are no cons that I have found.
Competitive work environment, sometimes it appears that management has their favorites.
it is still retail a retail job dont expect to much
The environment is not healthy. Typical retail job vibe.
favoritism, not a lot of advancement opportunity
Management can be poor and work can become tedious.
Mandatory weekends with no preference picks, micro management about calls and time adherence, working long hours on computer, basically a call center (nonstop customer calls), only 20 hrs max a week. At home also is a con.
not the best culture
It takes forever to be promoted from ICT4 to ICT5, even after making significant contribution to several high profile projects. Managers are promoted much faster. The technical path is pretty lame.
High stress environment working with very upset clients
Hours can be long but the time goes by fast Some managers pick and choose who they speak to.
Don't get sucked into the Apple bubble. At the end of the day, this is a retail job. Enjoy your time there, but there are plenty of other opportunities out there that will move your career forward faster than Apple Retail ever will.
As a first time mother at the age of 27, my prenatal specialist suggested that I go in for a non-invasive prenatal genetic test. I was informed by United Healthcare that this would have to be paid for by me as they do not cover the cost for women under 35. I looked in to tests such as Panorama and Maternity21 and simply cannot afford the extra costs at this point. Why should I have to pay for this myself just because of my age?
Management.. only worried about numbers. Don't seem to care about development, only development for their bonuses...
Non-stop phone work, misrouted calls, pressure to take overtime
It's still retail and comes with everything that entails
after being there for so many years pay can become stagnant, depending on the department there isn't much growth on the retail level.
usually late in innovation, employee perks non-existent or substandard, Dev folks are mostly uptight, top down culture, after certain levels promotions are very difficult
Dont like management with decisions
Low pay. Customers become annoying real quick.
High standards, no room for error.
being on your feet all day, strict dress codes in certain stores compared to others.
hard to be promoted to management
The only downside to working at Apple is the amount of time it takes to move up, for job positions to open, and to go full-time. Once you go full-time its very easy to get comfortable due to their amazing benefits and perks. Another con would be the work-life balance. This isn't a 9-5 job so the hours fluctuate a lot to meet the high demands of the company.
Can be tough to move up, limited opportunities working from home. High call volume if on phones.
-Depending on the volume of customers , can be exhausting -Require to work on the weekends
- Lots of delicate processes and acronyms, but you do get used to them fairly quickly - Systems run entirely on servers, so if servers are down, it becomes difficult to function normally. There are processes in place however, they are just a lot more tedious. - Promotions are difficult to earn when your numbers aren't high enough by management standards.
packed, quick paced, no room for errors, out of the box
4 interviews for new entry job
My hope was to get into a more senior, higher paying position initially but was placed in a entry level role that limited me financially.
It's still retail. Company has become worse to work for over the last 5 years, across all fronts, fewer benefits, less annual compensation, significantly stricter metrics to meet.  All employees are very much considered disposable, used as leverage to pay employees less then they are worth.
very tech people who think they know more than you
Very competitive environment that can make growth hard.
None at this time
Downside is that its hard for growth sometimes
Unless you are full-time it is hard to get things done for personal growth.
Too much workload compared to pay
I knew within 4 months I was going to be unhappy at WWDR. The shifts are strict. The management, with the exception of one or two, sucks. No free food. Rare team events that continue to dwindle in number over time. Lots of internal drama and power struggle. The rest of Apple looks down on you as not truly being a part of Apple. There's no visibility with anyone higher than the management level. There's very rare internal promotion. There is no feedback loop.  Last I checked, employees were asking for a survey to provide management with feedback. The survey was conducted. Employees asked for results. Management kept dodging the question. They know something's wrong, and they don't want to acknowledge it.  Honestly. Stay away. Stay far, far away.  I stuck it out due to pressure from family and friends who insisted that having Apple on my resume would be worth the pain. Looking back, I really can't say that it was worth the years of anxiety, depression, unhappiness, that comes from a toxic environment. It got to the point where I didn't even care anymore. I was about to snap-quit any second. And I'll be honest - I was fired. Yeah, no severance pay.  I walked off campus and I felt liberated - I had absolutely no fear from being fired, which I found incredible and surprising. I took the summer off to travel and regroup. I realized I wasn't innately a depressed or anxious individual - it had developed over time from the sheer stress and unhappiness levels from this work place environment.  I heard through friends that around 15 people left the team soon after.  Within 2 weeks of deciding I was ready to come back to work, I found a new job at an awesome company with amazing culture. I wasn't going to make the same mistake twice - I was willing to take a pay cut to ensure I spent 60 hours a week in good company. (Did I mention overtime is the norm at Apple?)  But the best part is - that wasn't necessary. I essentially doubled my salary. Based on what Glassdoor is currently reporting, I make more money than the management that fired me.  My advice: Hold out for something better if you have the opportunity. I understand sometimes options are limited, or sometimes you just really need a paycheck. But don't come to this department to stay long unless they make some big changes.
No work life balance at all! I left after my baby came, despite the HR policies for flexibility for moms etc, it was just too difficult and also my experience with their medical insurer United Healthcare soured my time there. I was denied coverage for an important prenatal genetic test during my pregnancy solely because I was too young!
Retail schedule, angry customers, ok overall though
No opportunity for advancement
Nothing i can say bad about apple
Leadership can really break down on a store level. Office politics are extremely unhealthy, promotions don’t make much sense, most people kiss butt to get higher. You’ve gotta drink the kool-aid to make it anywhere. Most people in upper management are too concerned with helping themselves rather than helping the team. Focus is shifted inward the further upward you go. Pay scale is a complete joke. For example, I’ve spent five years with the company, consistently ranked the highest you can on yearly reviews, and I was still training new hires that were getting paid more than me.
Not much but free meals are limited
You need mental fortitude. Advisors are overworked. Scheduling is intense and you have little flexibility when it comes to time off. You must put in your request months ahead (if dates are available). It's a competition between teammates. Also, if you get a negative review from an unreasonable customer, even if you did an outstanding job , the metrics will reflect the customer review above all else and you will go down the latter. This will keep you from getting the best days/hrs for your next quarter/semester, which is unfair.
stressful work atmosphere sometimes, especially during times of release. Too many contractors than Apple hires and often they have so many projects and support needs. Not that classy environment, especially in the IT field.
Only part time and standing up for a long time.
Availability requirements for retail.
Too many cooks in the kitchen. You have too many people telling you what to do all day long and not letting you be an adult. Severe micro managing. Worst raises I've ever received in my life despite performing well and selling a ton of product and services. After a while realized the soul of the company was dead and it's all about them making as much money as humanly possible and it gets me nowhere financially. Very difficult to move up the ladder from within. Most managers are hired from outside.
I needed help from Apple to get through this exhausting process of settling my claim with United Healthcare since they’ve refused to pay me for my NIPT test that was advised by my OB-GYN. I’ve produced all my documents and reports for it, yet my claim has been put on hold just because I am a young mom-to-be. United Healthcare has stated that I don’t fit into their eligible bracket because I am younger than 35 years
It's a lot of work, teams are usually strapped for resources and under pressure to deliver on strict timelines leading to high stress and long hours at certain times during the year.
That Apple Retail hamstrings retails stores by preventing them to hire enough employees during the crushing waves, not just the right amount on slow times, has created an environment that feels the the worst of the DMV where customers take out their anger at wait times on us. The emotional toll is real.
Highly demoralizing atmosphere. Everyone I knew and worked with was deeply depressed. There was virtually no room for advancement (though I got great reviews and salary/stock bumps each year). Everyone is so scared of the senior management and middle mgmt is terrified to take risks.
Reactive Managers, emotionally dependent relationships with brand, lack of substance in regards to open door policy, mismanagement, toxic customer service environment
There are always politics involved-even when they say otherwise.
mentally exhausting work for low pay
Quick turn over role, deal with unhappy people
In retail there is no 9 to 5 schedule.
You can feel when the company shifts. They are starting to crack down on advisors and they almost have unrealistic expectations for their workers and customers now. What used to be fun, has turned sour. You deal with all sorts of people, but when you have a bad customer, you get punished if they leave a dissatisfied comment. I believe that your experience is really determined by your manager and your outlook.
Can be very stressful when working on high priority projects.
Can be quite political at times
Shift bids every 6 months.
If this is not something you are absolutely certain you want to do or will not enjoy, don't do it.
Unclear Expectations, Work Overload
No room for advancement within the AHA org.
Retail employees who have families are not always treated fairly.
Long work hours, hard to get promoted
Not much in my experience. Such a great experience working for them
Difficult customers, more updated work stations
Politics, work life balance is poor if you are very invested in the team
Culture, staff, personally and support
Training was delayed, management didn't lead by example and was mostly off of the floor. Saw lots of deserving employees get passed up on for promotions.
Very privileged coworkers, majority white male environment
Very busy store Sometimes not flexible with days off
Hours and lack of appreciation.
Very fast paced for a technician, physically and emotionally draining, long days.
- At least 60-80 work weeks. Expect to work late nights, weekends, and holidays. While the company shuts down for Thanksgiving, you can expect to be working in Finance. Say goodbye to family dinners, time with friends, and any semblance of a life. - Low merit increases that don't even cover inflation and cost of living. - No annual bonus because management wants to keep it for themselves. No stock re-ups because you're a support function. - Management will take your work as their own and cut you out of meetings with leadership. You will not be recognized for any work you do so don't expect career mobility. - Too many big egos at play. Environment hostile and full of finger pointing. HR completely useless when issues are brought to their attention. You will meet more jerkholes here than anywhere else you may have worked in the past or future. - Expect to work during vacations. Everyone's job is so pigeon holed in their job that there's no one to adequately back you up. Work will just keep piling up and you will be even farther behind if you do not log in. - Management will not hesitate to contact you on your personal cell phone during all hours of the day. They don't care what you're doing, only that they need something from you. - Despite producing great products, the company does a pathetic job investing in systems to help employees manage the massive amount of work and pace. The processes are outdated, not scaled to handle the work volume, and employee inputs are not taken in consideration. Those employee surveys are a complete joke. - The turnover is atrocious. Expect close to 100% turnover on an annual basis. There was an employee on my team who turned in her resignation after a month. It's no wonder there are so many open reqs on the company website all the time.
Problems of big companies, miscommunication
Trying to make ends meet during comp. planning is a challenge
Hard to get moved up, even with experience.
I do not have any cons
- Schedule can be sporadic at times
Retail is sometimes boring and repetitive.
Very energy consuming, customer service is tiring
Retail leadership can be a little robotic around policies instead of evaluating what is actually best for customers, employees, and share holders
Cult-like atmosphere very passive aggressive towards employees. The company tends to brainwash people that everything is the customer fault.
Does not hire full time employees, very hard to advance and develop career, and managers at time micro-manage.
The job itself can be difficult. Customers tend to be very entitled and want their devices fixed under their guidelines, normally not respecting the process Apple has set up for repairs or troubleshooting. In addition, the store can get very busy, and during peak business hours, management can tend to hover over you, making sure you're staying on pace, and that being close to all they do. Which can, at times, be very frustrating when you're going from appointment to appointment, dropping items off for repair, directing customers, and that frustration peaks when watching most of management doing nothing.
A lot of training.
Make one small human error and you are black listed
Not a strong development path for a lot of roles, including managers at their retail stores Lots of unnecessary "red" tape Politics trumps experience and background more often than not the further up you go
Internal team competition seemed excessive
Retail is retail so don't expect much.
Low compensation Stagnant job growth Overly competitive Not enough diverse leadership
work life balance? LOL. That is something that doesn't exist. Some managers try to emulate Steve Job's approach. The problem is that only Steve can be Steve.
Customers can get obnoxious because they act like you can solve all of their problems
All work, no play. You will never see someone sitting around reading a newspaper.
paying for food and slightly lower wages... that's about it
Poor management in almost every store. Also everyone is under paid.
Work life balance sucks. Management does not communicate well with other departments. The culture has changed dramatically since I have been there and honestly looking to work else where.
horrible market leaders that have no idea what happens in store
Difficult to elevate to managerial positions. Fast Paced. Customers can be demanding and needy.
Terrible hours and almost impossible to get full time
Opportunties Apple Retail has:  * In depth interview process. Starting and if you are looking to get promoted. Be ready to face rejection. * When an elevated role presents itself sometimes it feels like they are filled just to be filled. * There seems to be a disconnect between corporate/upper management and retail. * Yearly merits do not match cost of living increases. *You better have a strong immune system. Sick hours could be better.
Freelancing retail scheduling seems to claim a lot of time that could be used to pursue other ambitions.
nothing major that I would have to make a notice of.
Many times where management seemed to want to Micro manage what or how you talk to customer
Call center position, high stress, high volume of calls, many people quit, pay not great.
Super competitive to achieve role
No work-life balance at all. No steady hours so you may do a lot of “clopens” Genius Bar was a mess and has not improved over the years, it’s just gotten worse. Definitely not what it was when Steve Jobs and Ron Johnson were in charge. Apple is losing innovation.
Working around the clock at times No real breaks as work is at a constant Not an easy company for growth
nothing I can think of
Takes mental strength when working with irate customers.
It was a very boring job
I can not think of any
The biggest draw back is there is no career development or advancement. There a few classes but most are booked and no career path. So, once you are hired plan on leaving and coming back.
Work atmosphere is too aggressive
Extreme Micro Management. Environment is more tactical than strategic.
no room for growth into the corporate world
Shift bids being made mandatory instead of voluntary. Wait times to get through to support not enough advisors. Not enough promotions.
Dealing with angry customers
Pay wasn't as high for the amount of work for certain positions
Occasionally navigation across the organizations is tricky, but necessarily so.
Can not changed schedule not a flexible company
Not much, shifts can be quite long at times
There are no cons for working for apple
There are not any cons
Really no cons at all
Not a great work life balance in retail Leaders have their favorites
-Great starting pay, but not enough for the city. Many of my single teammates who are 35-40 still need several roommates to make it by. While city market pay is higher than rural markets, it is nowhere near enough. While you do receive yearly performance based raises, they do not keep up with the high city cost of living. -Retail and corporate are fundamentally two different companies. You don't have your "foot in the door". The only clear way to transition to a corporate opportunity is through highly selective "Career Experiences" which are literally internal temp jobs for temporary quarterly corporate needs. To just qualify, a store leader must endorse you, and you must be full time and high performing in your role. There's no internal way to really contact corporate recruiters for internships (if you're a college student) or full time opportunities. Not even your Store Leader or Market Leader knows people, you're in a walled garden. -Human Resources is very self-congratulatory and cult-like. Executive level HR staff hold town halls to field questions every year or so (90% of which pertain to lack of comparable compensation) just to offset everyone's living concerns with "it's a privilege to work here." -Bonuses come in the form of 3 year period RSUs, you have to stay with the company for three years for the RSU to vest and thus cash out. Only management and up receive comparable cash bonuses. Every year after measily raises come out, you may get a lousy $100 cash bonus to make you feel better. Some high performance quarters you may also receive a $100 bonus. Don't spend it all in one place. -Because of this, many tenured staff leave to other high paying tech companies in Boston (FormLabs, HubSpot, Chewy, Wayfair) to continue their career because they get capped at roughly $45k without staying 5-10 more years or going into management. That looks good on paper but is the bare bone minimum in Boston.
It is still service. Many days, you will leave extremely exhausted. Customers will not always treat you like a human being.
The size of the company
Working in the store can be very hectic. You have to be ready to work every day you come in. There are no slow days at the apple store.
there is nothing bad about working there
I spend a lot of money on the product.
comp could be higher compared to other companies in the area
Retail- Holiday hours, but can't change that!
requires self-driven individuals who are quick to learn new stuff
Not as many perks as there should be. For instance, Meals for working late are limited and very inconvenient. Apple tends to be very cheap about certain perks. Open offices in Apple Park are terrible.
- tough customers - management can be frustrating (some stores not all) - work/life balance is hard
Poor work/life balance, lack of pathways from retail to corporate. Lack of advanced development opportunities.
there is no downside in my opinion
No work life balance at all
Mid-management teams get in the way of great customer support and work/life balances. Little vertical career opportunity. Regularly hires barista's to mid management IT jobs, because I guess they are used to dealing with customer complaints. Don't be surprised if your manager spells your name wrong as result.
Since idea to product lifecycle is really long, research moves slow. You don't get to publish, discuss or collaborate with anyone outside. Growth may be slow and difficult as you've to really struggle to shine in a basket full of diamonds.
Honestly there aren’t any beat company hands down to work for.
Long hours, emotionally and physically draining because of the tough conversations you have with customers
Heavy work weekdays and weekends as well.
Work Life balance. Not compensated enough for that balance
Definitely gets busy and get some interesting customers for your appointments.
Growth is slower  Harder to move up the ladder
Would Like To Have A Full Time Job, But I Have School.
Management sucks, sale oriented with out commission
Co workers didn’t care about the company as much as I did.  Company worker caused another problem on a personal level
Nothing at all is wrong
What we are allowed to do in the store such as technical specialist go our sustem will sometimes schedule appointments super late at night where it’s like 10 minutes till closing and we have to stay and help the customer for 15-30 minutes even after we are scheduled to leave
lack of development, micromanaging, non-existing work/life balance.
Nothing is wrong at all
Retail job so long hours on the floor, huge customer contact, varying shifts up until midnight
Not competitive wages. Left before 25% pay increase across the board. Pay increase impacted long time employees less than new employees.
None really. The pay isn't the best but it's an at home part time college job I thought it was pretty fair
It's a huge corporation, and you have to do a lot of dancing around to get your voice heard. It is a big brotherhood of bros hiring their bros, and that makes it difficult to work with.
Not very transparent, kind of limited
- If you get hired at Apple, come in thirsty. Real thirsty. You're going to be drinking a TON of Kool-Aid. Throughout your on boarding and training experience you will be forced to drink Kool-Aid, swallow it and gulp down some more. You will be expected to sing the companies praises at every turn. This will not change, either be ready for it or you will not last. - Management varies greatly by location, but is in general, a sad, poor excuse for a "leader" (they give themselves this title, it is not earned). You will, without question come across the occasional member of management of "gets it," these men and women will make a profound impact on you. Sadly, they are far and few between and the rest of the junk will win out. - Nearly everyone is hired in at the entry level roles (Specialist or Technical Specialist) and nearly everyone promotes quickly (usually once per year for the first two or three years). Once you have two or three promotions under your belt, typically just beneath the management level, your development with COMPLETELY STALL. The "elevated" positions (in order: Pro, Lead, Lead Genius, Manager, Senior Manager, Store "Leader") are limited and competition for them is stiff. If you land one of these "elevated" roles, get comfortable. You will be in it for a WHILE. YEARS. - Store "Leaders" are NEVER in the building. Senior Managers typically run the day-to-day store operations. - Turnover is incredibly, ridiculously, annoying high. If you get hired, please expect roughly 35-40% of your location to completely turn over per year. You will see a huge hiring increase around the fall and holiday period, hiring will stop around the New Year, people will drop like flies until the next fall, process starts over again. - Work/life balance is a joke. Do not expect to have it. Do not expect to get any holiday's off, do not expect scheduling to do you any favors. Time off requests have to be made 4-5 weeks in advance and if you want any chance of actually getting the time approved, request it 8-10 weeks in advance. As a result of new product launches, do not even think of asking for ANY time off in September, October or November, EVER. - Development is a joke. - Internal politics are EVERYTHING at Apple. You MUST "play the game." - Time and attendance policy is a JOKE. There is no penalty for being late, calling off, missing work. Other team members will take advantage of this and will leave you stranded. - A ton of "rules" are in place with management that will greatly impact you. A person can only be in a role for so long (they want you to move, up and laterally, often). Expect to be in any one role for just about a year until you are pushed into something else. Please note, often times these are NOT promotions but lateral moves to "add tools to your tool belt." Apple's "culture of feedback" is a genius and evil way of ALWAYS having a justified way to pushback against your plans, development, hopes and more. EVERYTHING at Apple can be looped back to feedback, be prepared to ask management for something and for them to respond with feedback on how you need to improve first. This is a cycle, it happens over and over again. - If you push back against the "Apple way," be prepared to be forced out. ALWAYS ask for and accept feedback. Always speak highly of Apple products. Always support and get behind new services and initiatives. Always defend the customer, never your colleague. Always smile and nod. Never show frustrations, disappointment or anger. Apple wants smile robots - be one and you will go far.
The physical job is so terrible that the benefits do not out-weigh the bad.
Busy, time management for employees was a downside
Little room for career building within structure
Culture, Lack of Innovation, Location, Management, Work-Life Balance
That you can only work in one department at a time. There's so much to learn!
Can't think of any - it's a great place to work. The only possible "con" is having to deal with difficult customers at times.
Little life-work balance, sometimes need to work after hours
Some customers have difficulty with basic tasks and communications. Schedule is not very flexible except in emergencies.
9 week training with 100% attendance
Long hours sometimes, hard to find someone to swap shifts
The individual store politics are often mercurial depending on who the store leader is at the time.
-Shift bids happen every 6 months which leaves a very long time to be stuck with a schedule that is not conducive to your home life. - Frequent Team Manager changes which can be frustrating as each one has certain ways they like things done. This means that tools or skills that one manager coaches you to use, the next one may coach against it based on their personal preference. -You WILL work at least one weekend day and just about every Holiday -The shift bid process is antiquated and leaves minimal room for flexibility. -You will start to feel very isolated if you get placed on a team with a Team Manager is who doesn't check in or promotes inactivity in the Team Chat Room. -Be prepared to get emails from the CEO about Apple's political stance on certain things and then be even more prepared for the customers to contact you about things that are beyond your control so you can be the verbal punching bag
Incredibly busy non stop
Not very much room for growth
Not a lot of promotion opportunities.
Poor work-life balance. Not enough transparency between management and ICs.
Very difficult to even get promoted to even full time
Don't expect to have a life or to be treated well. Oh the stories I could tell. Take this seriously. It matters.
Hard to move up at home and no consistent manager. rotating schedules suck too and triple chats.
Friday-Sunday (10am-8pm) hours only while working inside a Best Buy. Mandatory 1 hour lunch break required. I list this as a con since I wanted to just take 30 minute lunch breaks and then leave 30 minutes early but such is retail work.
Retail, unrealistic expectations of customers,
Nothing here to put. The only thing that I personally didn't like (although I knew it going into the position) was being tied to a phone for 10hours a day, alone.
Leadership Communication Pay Leadership again No real career development
They gutted training and moved from a training their people model to a sit in front of a computer model.
If you work in a larger market, your development is the bottom of the priority list. You will be used to substitute people when they are in need.
Store management could be overbearing sometimes. It could feel micromanaged a bit, but not normally.
Very hard work! No breathing room and heavily analytics based.
Low pay far from home no benefit
too many hours and very competitive
Limited growth within the company. Working nights and weekends is rough, but it's the nature of retail.
Holidays Hours Customers can be rude sometimes
Severly Unvalued Low HeadCount Intense Workflow
Management style and very sales driven (the culture was not like this when I first started working for the company). This ruined the unique experience of working at Apple.
I don’t have no challenge working with them
Workload, Pay and Career Opportunities
Its a lot of work and it can be really draining.
can be emotionally exhausting if you are super empathetic
Management can get too numbers focused and seemingly has a new metric to push on you each month.
Customer service have to deal with difficult clients
Schedule was very inflexible sometimes and the hours were all over the place. Also, it is very stressful. I was happy to move on after 7 years, but still look back and am thankful for the experience.
Politics sometimes, but thats everywhere
Bad working environment which is not what you expect
Angry customers non stop all day
A very toxic , political place to work for. The Hardware division specifically the testing and QA is the worst place you can find on earth.
It’s customer service with people who are mad their device doesn’t work like they think it should. You can imagine. It’s fairly emotionally taxing. I’m tired at the end of the day.
Need a lot of travels.
Demanding hours. You'll never have a free weekend and to request off you have to let management know almost a month in advance. Very low in terms of technical support pay in terms of the market. Even at fully certfied genius, it still ranges around 48k or below on average.
NPS obsessed Poor management Poor customer service training
Have not come across one yet.
This store is dealing with an overhaul of leadership and it makes it difficult to get straight answers from anyone.
It’s retail so wage growth is minuscule. Corporate doesn’t really care about you.
High turnover rate and no room for advancement
Volatile hours and no work life balance
not bad cant say much
It's easier to get hired in at a high level than it is to work your way up. The requirements and standards for an employee are very high and sometimes objective. Ergo if you want to work towards something and your boss doesn't like you for any reason they can block you from promotions and make you tread water for years. This story has been corroborated by a former employee at my new job who agreed it's easier to be hired in at a high level than work your way up.
You will consistently be in a high stress environment that is constantly changing and sometimes ambiguous but you grow a lot.
It gets busy during new launches
It is a creative universe where the limit is infinity
Work culture can be improved
a bit stressful and need to think a lot
Opportunities based on favoritism and politics at retail store Entitled customer base Not enough diversity for Black women Employees treated like numbers
Everything is great about them.
There was nothing negative about working for this company
no path for growth to other groups
Working at the store can be hectic at times but you learn to focus on the customer and suddenly the chaos disappears.
There are some of the management issues within the company
-Empty promises from leadership. -Not making a living wage. -Corporate Jobs require 3+ years for most jobs but there is no training for said jobs in retail... CEs (Career Experiences) are a joke, You take on a corporate role but make retail pay and are (95% of the time) sent back to retail after your 3-6 month assignment is done. -The discount basically makes me feel like I work there for free, as an employee you want to stay up on the latest tech, it is cool but you remain broke because your wages barely afford you to be able to pay bills. -Retail employees do a lot of work but are under appreciated -Development is a joke unless you want to remain in retail for life -They talk about being inclusive and diverse but the numbers speak volumes (unless you are talking about the ramp up of hiring women), I don't see very many, if any in a lot of cases, African Americans in leadership or corporate roles.
Pay is cool, but could be more for such a prestigious and profitable company. Commission would be cool, but I'm sure that would change the dynamic and quality of genuine customer service.
No growth and development for new engineers
none that I can think of
Difficult to acquire full-time unless you stand out and break the goals set for you.
No commision, sometimes you cant get new positions
Little to no work-life balance, very tiring, management not skilled
As the company has grown, so has the bureaucracy. Not every decision happens as quickly as most people would like, and there are stakeholders for everything.  Work-life balance varies widely group to group, but you probably already know that.
Retail hours. Angry customers occasionally
Prefer to outside hire instead of promoting
Can’t think of any
-long hiring process and background check -not a lot of room for growth
Very structured job, you can't really make the job your own. You could get in trouble for spending too much time with a customer, even if they really needed the help. This often made it a frustrating work environment.
change in managers alot survey driven harder to advance
not much upward mobility available
Retail. Rude customers. Mentally exhausting and repetitive day to day. Micro managed and management knit picky on attendance and numbers. Promotions seem very political so be on your managers good side and submit the progress journal monthly even when not asked to in order to be considered. You are told in training that you have power to make your own decisions to make the customer happy, and that a great leadership quality is asking for forgiveness rather than permission, however I’ve seen many times where managers step on your toes when you want to do something for the customer and the fight with you because they don’t want to. I’ve seen people get fired for taking initiative to make a customers day.
it was a lengthy interview process
Management SUCKS. It is totally subjective as to who gets told what even if it is pertinent to your job. At my store there is so much dismissive attitudes it is toxic. Senior leaders act like they know what’s going on and gaslight you if you have any ideas other than theirs. This is NOT what apple is or should be.
Customer service, entitled customers can be rude, working from home can be a bit taxing.
-Not flexible -After a while can become boring
Work life balance can get a bit complicated during the launch of new products. It is extremely rewarding to be part of this process, however.
It's mainly upside with Apple
Hard to move up in company. Very competitive
Work life balance is hard to seek when working in retail.
Some group require extensive travel and work hours.
Senior management was woefully unqualified. The internal promotion system was a popularity contest.
No work-life balance. No opportunity for career advancement or professional growth.
Company is very, very secretive.
Different advice received from different managers Grilled on KPIs Never get to actually meet team
-Retail Hours but other than that, not much!
Work-life balance is SO off balance. Apple claims to promote a healthy work-life balance and they don’t show anything for it. I hate the way requesting time off works because if other employees requested time off months in advance for the same day you try to get off the month you’re wanting it off, you’re screwed because the threshold of people who requested that day off is met. Every. Time. This makes you look bad as an employee because it forces you to call out just so you can get away from the work environment and give yourself a vacation you deserve. The work gets monotonous. Apple claims that they believe in giving feedback to better the work place but when you give it no behavior is ever changed. The managers aren’t terribly helpful and you are micromanaged. Apple is the first US company to make it to 1 trillion dollars and you sure don’t feel it as an employee. They don’t give you free access to Apple Music as an employee, they give you nothing but a water bottle for Christmas and make you attend meetings quarterly on Sundays which are a day of worship for many employees. The ability to move in the company is impossible and if you do want to move up in the company you have to butt kiss your managers because it’s all just a big popularity contest in terms of getting promoted to a better higher paying position. If these things changed then this would be an amazing place to work.
Metrics heavy, customers are sometimes stressful
Can be overwhelming at times
Odd hours. Working from Home. Metrics doesn't reflect your hard work.
Too passive, favoritism exists
No room to stretch your legs.
Nothing, it was great working for Apple!
rigid scheduling, tough to get days off for things outside of work
Politics, Leadership, Secrecy, Not data driven
Lack of transparency at times.
Always busy, frustrated people ,
The con is that I worked in retail, and retail sucks no matter where you are. Apple did a good job of supporting their employees though.
Work environment can be problematic when toxic employees are there for long periods
You ned to sucessfully be able to work from home and be okay with it 100 % of the time. It can get a bit lonely.
Mediocre management who've gotten what it means to be a leader. It's sad to see management fail to understand the basics of each position and barely have anything else to say besides when it's time to go to break.
Bad hours. Lot of difficult customers.
Work hours. Schedule zoning. Small break room
Retail hours and big crowds
Slavery 101 , competition all around , Have to drag my self to work , triple management all from Failed companies, Master salve mentality . No creativity . zero learning ...
-Can be very political -Quality of experience depends on store/market
Management is usually externally hired, upper management is rarely around yet in charge of your career advancement, schedule is demanding and for the pay, not worth it, customers are already annoyed with wait time by the time they get to you, Apple Corporate is loosely connected to the retail environment, AppleCare over phone support tell customers false information as they are not aware of the retail process.
- retail work hours, specifically mall hours
Work/life balance is strained at times. State taxes/Housing costs in the area are ridiculous.
Management has issues with alignment between the team
It’s a retail job, expect to work almost every weekend. Schedule is extremely difficult to move around. If you need to request days off it has to be like months in advance.
Customer surveys. Keeping your job is based on customer stats and meeting a monthly goal. However, majority of the time the surveys left have nothing to do with you (store experience, previous adviser before you or after, Apple unwilling to give free products or repairs, or apple's website navigation).  If you are an apple customer and you're reading this, please, please leave a survey for the individual employee only based on their skill/performance by their means to try and help you. If you leave a bad survey because you're upset with Apple in general, overtime those surveys can cause the person to lose their job over something they have no control over.  Also, Tier 2 advisers - a lot of them don't do their job and are quite nasty actually. Instead of helping, a lot of them refuse to take chats when asked or end consults before giving help.
Micro-managing from superiors. Obvious favoritism from management.
No cons, everything is swell.
Stressful, always-on, customer facing setting. In retail, you are expected to spend 98% of your time facing customers. Off-line development is often neglected.
There are literally no drawbacks to working for Apple. They’re that thorough in their consideration of their employees as they are their customers.
Hard to move up to higher positions
No cons i can think of
Way too many tasks to complete, constantly called away from responsibilities to help other areas of the store.
Salaried workers are treated like indentured servants, working 70+ hours a week for sub-standard pay in the same field. Benefits are touted, but slashed more and more each year, especially healthcare.
I had always wanted to work at Apple. The culture seems so welcoming and inviting. They frown on being technical in the very long interview process. But once you’re in they have no training structure. They fill you will apple core value fluff for 3 weeks , one week reading massive amounts of online course work. That are not realistic. They let you shadow other reps. But most are so arrogant in being the expert they move fast and you miss important information. They tell you half of what you need to know and you are expected to figure the rest out. and then throw you on the floor. Most often doing product zone (something they didn’t train you to do) if you make mistakes the admins are jerks and even some of management. All the team friendly and passionate culture..It’s totally fake. And that’s an understatement . Oh and you have to work 5 years to be genius but you basically die the same job as then and you take harder appointments
It’s a numbers game. As long as you keep good numbers and are goal oriented you’ll be fine.
slightly overwhelming culture if you are introverted
-Possible overnight work -Technical difficulties  Wacky work hours can affect your health. Overall, the company is very good. I didn’t have much to complain.
Hard work life balance. Long hours
Sometimes customer experiences can get a little crazy but everyone makes sure to support you.
none that I can think of
This is not along term carrier.
Cult-like applause at the annual product launch presentations.
The department is a mess. No one cares about the health of the employees. There are many stupid restrictions. The productivity demands are insane.
Being in the retail environment also exposes you to childish drama. In addition, the manager that are sometimes chosen to lead team can easily play politics if they feel they are threatened by employees that may have a better grasp of the role than they do. Humility is key here. Managers should be able to say "I dont know" or "what do you think"?
Base pay should be increased 5-10%, The job can be extremely fast paced and very high stress during peak times. Make sure you definitely find a healthy outlet to decompress
Depending on which group you work in work pressure may be very high
No actual technical focus. Having to explain unfair policies to customers
Weaponized secrecy. Don’t worry 10 other people are doing exactly the same thing, but none of you know it. Charity? I help to produce amazing products you test, what more do you want? I can’t relate to you, please tune your reality distortion machine to match my frequency. You want help? I thought I would spam the entire company because I can’t find help, but I could find a cool sounding DL. (Please unsubscribe me... no seriously... please) It’s the Apple way. Shut your mouth for the first year. Do only what you are told. Do it quickly and at volume. Do not question. Please sir may I have some more? We make ads with quirky people who really don’t work here. Bring your high school backpack to work. We hire smart people to tell us what to do, but then we don’t listen or provide feedback and then fire them if it goes sideways because god forbid anyone who should be accountable really is. We hire Senior Management based on how few decisions they can make, little clarity they provide, but especially how much they can degrade anyone lower than them and still find time to suck upward. Maps
No cons according to me.
Customers. Hours. Retail. Weekends. Changing technology.
Can be stressful in a fast paced environment
- The work can be challenging
Salary not keeping up with the growth in the Greenville area. Retail hours.
As with many jobs in the area, work load can be excessive, depending on your team size and management.
No cons that i can think of
Uneducated customers that express their frustration at you. You can work as hard as you can or do the bare minimum, won’t make a difference.
Working from home can lead to some stressful tedium.
Horrible Management Overworked and underpaid
- Hourly Pay - Work Nights and weekends
None that I can think of
- Unprofessional and inefficient middle management - Old mindset and technology - Not innovative in the software stack - Not much flexibility to grow - Apple is behind in cutting-edge technologies - The cult-like culture of secrecy reduces the efficiency - Also, there is no free snack or food and the working environment looks like a hospital than a tech company (except the Apple Park which is exclusive to certain teams)
They take over your life. Expect to work all day and all night.
Customers are nasty and expect too much, and managers agree a long with them and often over rule your judgment on the situation.
overtime overtime overtime. no holidays.
Some members of management liked to micro manage. Customers were really angry sometimes.
There are some pain points, every company has them. I don't have anything specific to complain about.
Work life balance is poor.
All work with little tolerance of a normal life
Career progression is difficult beyond entry level positions. Positions beyond entry level technical or customer service positions are very attractive and offer great experience. Bid shifts are required for all aha(at home advisor) positions which means you have your schedule changing frequently if you are not able to win your desired shift bid.
Huge company, if you are a fan of jumping ship internally, you’ll have to work hard to network outside of your own organization
I can not think of any cons for someone working part-time at Apple in my role.
Hard to move up fast
management, customers, corporate agendas where only retail experiences the consequences
Limited amount of positions to grow towards within retail.
Mall Environment, Wish it was higher pay for the technical work service provided.
Retail hours, busy environment, success is too driven by metrics and review numbers.
not much to be honest.
None at this moment really
Rotating schedule , sometimes days off are not approved. Working holidays like 4th of July.
Working over time unwillingly Restricted work schooled for students
Big organization, you can hide if you want
Some leaders try to micro manage in a store that is just too big Easy to get stuck in one position for awhile
Low mobility and low pay
Boring, stressful, long hours, micromanaged
demanding customer facing work culture
start at Part-time... hard to move to full-time.
Always will work weekends, and business seasons (iPhone launches) you will need to work long shifts.
None that I can think of
The managers changed like every week it was difficult to get to know someone as your manager and then they are gone.
Apple Retail is NOT the same business as Apple Corporate and you generally do not gain access to a career with Apple through the retail operation. Retail management is mostly amateurish and operates from strict rules, processes and playbooks from corporate. What discretion is exercised by store management is around rather small things. Store employees are constantly reminded to "enrich the lives of others" while a $1Trillion company pays ridiculously low wages in ridiculously expensive markets to live in. Apple is a luxury brand, by and large, and is very clever to market itself via emotion and not technology/computer science, so customers-for-life is achieved and maintained. Recruiting is challenging for many reasons and retention is less than 2 years (this makes the 3 year vesting of stock grants to retail employees look like an insulting joke). Apple loves its secrets but as an employee working with Apple products every day AND not knowing anything about what's coming out makes you look like a rube. It gives pause to realize how incredibly controlling this corporation is with its information.
Schedule flexibility can conflict with family life.
Variable shift hours Not much room for advancement past store level
Some teams are really, some are not...
VERY high burnout rate for those working on the support side. Managers put off dealing with problems as well as problem employees and don't clearly communicate. Everything changes all the time. Hours and scheduling are not conducive to having much of a personal life. Pay is good for retail but not that great for the high level of responsibility and tasks being performed, not to mention the tradeoff in time lose with family and friends because of working lots of nights, weekends and holidays. Priorities are constantly changing. Not much room for advancement unless you want to relocate to corporate. Retail tends not to be very female friendly although the organization as a whole is. Stores need to be much more aware of this.
Contract position made employees easily replaceable
Very high-pressure work culture, lack of work from home.
no holidays off. unfavorable schedule
Challenging when you first begin since you need to learn everything on your own. There isn’t anyone micro managing you so you are the owner of your development.
Working retail gets old. Same customer base, same issues, plus working in a mall isn't the ideal work environment. Apple could hold it's employees to higher standards when it comes to performance management and time and attendance.
This company is definitely not what I thought it would be. Imagine the daily cult-like pounding of Apple philosophies into our brain. Massive double standards exist in regards to the quality of corporate decision-making vs retail. I've seen corporate make the most horrendous decisions that have broken promises, while deeply hurting customers and employees along the way. I've seen terrible decisions handed down that are 100% in opposition to the "Credo" we're expected to follow. The worst part? 100% avoidable. Apple corporate is not held to the same high standards as retail...and retail pays for it every day. When I started, the One-To-One training program for customers was awesome and the primary reason why I joined. Apple head honchos decided we weren't helping enough people and axed it (breaking promises to customers in the process). Now Today At Apple is a total mess. All they care about is headcount. Good, intelligent, talented people have left the Creative position to take lower positions with less pay because it's such a mismanaged tangle of blind-leading-the-blind. I can't wait to leave.
Availability is the big thing you will need to have 20 to 30 hours always available.
None really to think of.
Customers are the worst at apple
constantly fake people backstabbing each other to get .50 cent raise.Golden carrots dangle everywhere but they are holographic. Don't tell when the manager touches you -Hr doesn't care and the will make you the target
None at the moment
a lot of responsibility and pressure for what should be more pay
schedule changes / work from home can sometimes not be good
Management has a major issue with staying in touch. There is a very caste like system built from in store management, that very often leads to good ideas, and people, being curbed for not having a "manager" title.
retail politics. favorites get higher pay/roles even if you slave off for customers
not for the faint of heart.
Management confused on company culture. lack of communication policies are flexible. some stores are in trouble because of certain customers. stores are focused on businesses vs customers technicians are timed to beat markets instead of focusing on the customers little growth no room to flex to cooperate unless you know someone, or 20years experience.
Low wages, whiney entitled jerks call in and are completely clueless about their phone and it’s all you’re fault. No one that calls in can remember a password and they lose their minds when you can’t help them reset it. Apple expects you to act like a disney princess while a grown man acts like a teenage girl over a cell phone, “I hate you!” Prepare to get abused for low wages from a company that has a savings account with 265.1 Billion dollars+.
inflexible hours, can be stressful
no path to promotion at this time (or for the last two years) without moving close to a campus
life work balance is poor
-Frequently stressful work -It's still retail, with all of the downsides of any other retail job -Any change to store operations comes from the top down, which means improvements/known issues can take a long time to be implemented.
Clarity of direction can be ambiguous.
Not a great place for work life balance. Most folks don’t use training wheels so it’s a sink or swim mentality.
There is not really any
heavily focused on accolades from accredited universities
Not a lot of growth
no work like balance a lot of favoritism and politics in the work place apple culture isn't there anymore
Growth is difficult so be aware.
- When you sell millions of dollars a year and only make a hundreth of what you sell it definitely boosts your spirits.
I cant think of any
Bit of a pro and con. The culture is amazing and keeps you motivated but it can sometime keep you from seeing the lack of mobility.
Saturated with middle management some of which are absolutely unnecessary. Due to this many of them feel the need to throw weight around which does nothing but cause friction.
Having to work non-standard hours of operation.
I wish I was working there again
1.Behaves like a startup in most teams. 2.Each employee is responsible for roughly one project alone. They have to pitch it for support and executive funding (and a continued job security). 3.Culture is cut throat and up for your interpretation (I.e, you have to put in a lot of work to find ways of fitting in. This revolves around generating more profits for apple). 4.Poor planning on management side for employees like career growth and opportunities. 5. Benefits are for show. Wanting to pursue them in IS&T is close to impossible and political. 6. There is a very transactional mindset within the job. 7. Work gets very tough and there isn't a specific structure of support. 8. People from software engineering side of Apple behaves as though they are "better".
Work can get overloaded quite fast. Need to balance work-life really well.
What to learn new thing fast easy going
Your experience can be limited to the skill set of your management team... external hires take away from internal opportunities
The cost of living around the campus is alot
Don't always get the hours you need.
Scheduling is rough. Work life balance for part time if you’re in school or something still have you working 5 days. No real overtime available.
It's difficult to be an emotional punching bag for a long time unless you have another side hustle going, which makes it hard to have a career at Apple retail. Scheduling shift swaps has gotten better but it's still very difficult to manage
No job fulfillment, politics with leadership.
writing so many positive fake re views that lack content gets tiring.
The hours can be long and it sucks having to work weekends sometimes!
Nothing really bothered me. Maybe the staffing
Barely promote people of color
Expectations for retail jobs is availability for all shifts 7 days a week. They will work with some parameters with school but are not particularly flexible or interested if you can’t be available to work most shifts.  Apple says they are a culture of feedback but it’s not a 2 way street with leadership beyond a survey they send to all employees twice a year.  Empathy is both a value & a metric for retail employees but the management team in my location has very little empathy for their employees.  Lots of training on customer service but little in the tech, operations or procedural. I was thrown into an iPhone launch with only two days of shadowing another specialist.  For the most profitable company in the world to give their employees a water bottle or t-shirt as a holiday gift it feels like a slap in the face. Most people who work for Apple really value the company for many reasons and that ridiculous gift didn’t reciprocate even a small measure of what people pour of themselves into this. Corporate leadership has a vision for a townhall community space at the store but are increasingly minimizing the generosity towards the teams who create that space. You reap what you sow.
Tends to be a larger amount of drama in Apple retail environments, on your feet all the time
It was retail, subject to retail hours. Also, the business positions at the store level were scaled back considerably, and my position no longer exists.
There are none so far
From a retail perspective, there is a lack of opportunity if you want to go for a career development outside retail.
Work life balance can be off.
management and attempting to work your way up
Super fast work environment. Days go by quick
You are told that if you own your development, opportunites will open up for you. In reality there is little room for advancement past being a manager, and having this job on your résumé has definately lost its luster to potential employers.
Great company lots of work and and stress
Too number focused and less consumer focused
Too many secrets that impact emoloyees
Not much cons in my experience
Poor salary in retail environment little advancement opportunities. Rampant favoritism by management. No work life balance. Management does not recognize you for your work and has a hard time deciphering people’s true skill sets and capabilities. They make poor decisions in regards to offering promotions and career opportunities to those who are truly qualified vs someone who can get by just acting the part, say the right lingo play a role you got the job. Very stressful and demanding anxiety ridden environment Which upper management and executives at corporate are totally unaware of and oblivious of what is really going on. They act like it’s an open door policy to speak to whoever at any level of management but truth is they block information just enough so that doesn’t reach the decision-makers . lower management likes to report they got everything under control that they’re taking care of it for you and they always say they’re going to send it up the chain but it never really gets there because they don’t want to act like they contributed to employees who are unhappy or that they are part of the problem of why you need to see change . It seems only corporate employees are compensated for the type of work they do even though the retail workers are what driving the companies profits in general . The amount of sales a single employee makes if they made commission they would be very well-off and consumers assume Apple employees at the retail level must be well paid for the type of customer service they strive to deliver and shocked to discover they are poorly compensated while delivering this top notch level of service.
I wish management would work with their employees in more of a friendly basis.
Your happiness and opportunities for growth whitin the company (really rare) will depend almost entirely upon how much the managemnt team cares about their own jobs. Some are really trying to get ahead, and will leave everything (and employees) behind. Plan on staying in your role for a couple years, even if you’re the best at what you to. Chances go up to get a promotion if you transfer out of state to another store. (I’ve had managers admit that is is company policy to me).
No real opportunity for growth
Retail hours are not always the best.
There always feels like more work than you can complete.
Loved the company ... fun environment
Not many downsides, if any, pay would be one. As a Senior Advisor, you get many upset customers that, you try not to take home with you, but sometimes the stress of the job is overwhelming .
Secrecy overkill, management toxicity and entrenchment
On your feet a ton. High stress, dealing with representing a well respected brand.
Very stressful environment, no coaching
None! This is the best company to work for. They really care about you
Extremely high stress at times, team in-fighting and re-orgs are not uncommon
Racism and lack of promotion from within
Might have to work weekends
Data Center Operations is plagued with insecure, ill-informed, nepotistic, reactive managers that drive out good workers. You're sold a bill of goods about how you're being hired for your brain, to come in and think/innovate. Once you're in, you're promptly told to shut up and be a good drone. If you think outside of the box or question management in any way, you're "not a team player" and "managed out of the environment". Hard work is only rewarded if politically convenient or if performed by a friend of management.  Work in any other division at Apple other than Data Center Operations and life is golden.
there is no cons about apple
I really don't have anything negative to say
You would think that Apple would be one of the best companies to work for. I worked as a Chat Advisor and it’s truly been the worst experience imaginable. While there are some good experiences, most customers come into the chat with an entitled mindset. Most are unwilling to work with you to troubleshoot the issue. And when offering repair options, the customer will complain and decline all of them and then go on about how the device isn’t working, even though they just finished telling you that they don’t want it repaired. The WORST part though is that your job and your ‘performance’ is literally based completely on what customers think of you, even if it’s not your fault. Apple sends a survey after the chat ends and if the customer is upset about anything little thing to do with Apple, you get a red survey. So many of those red surveys and you get wrote up.
If you cannot be available 24x7, this job is not for you.
Store Traffic, Staff size, Management Responsibilities
There’s a bit of a ceiling to getting to management level from retail environment
Working weekends and Holidays. Launches can be a pain and the hours
No Southern California corporate office.
Nothing to complain about this
They treat their employees like garbage you are better off being a customer.
Work/Life balance can be difficult at times. At the retail level, of course, that is to be expected, but if you are willing to work with the leadership of the store, you can get the time off you need if it's made with plenty of time in advance.
Fast paced and requires a lot of quick learning
It's the best retail job you could have, but it's still retail
None that I can think of.
No bonuses and better free stuff would’ve been nice
Apple Fifth Avenue is a beast, the velocity of the customers, language barriers, and unhappy customers
lack of recent innovation
Hours and expectations, customer expectations, support
People, cliques, lack of opportunity to develop further in career
Hard to move up. Rotations preferred over perm positions.
Very fast pace and hard customers
As another or many reviews have stated, the Apple Inc. We once knew and loved is no longer. Disappointed by the ability of management to actually manage and hire great people. It was a constant battle to keep developing. Once you were promoted to Genius, you were then boxed into that role, never to be heard from again. Now this isn’t the story for everyone, if you know the right person or scratch the right back you could be pulled into another area of the business OR maybe even lead genius, which is just someone who stands there to hover over you to take your break or to let you know you haven’t been ripping through the queue of people waiting fast enough.  Lots of over promising and under delivery.
multi tasking very hard pressure to perform very busy
It is hard to find any work/life balance. Even when you take vacation, it is hard to really disconnect. Most organizations are very "flat" so there aren't too many opportunities for promotions or career growth, although this can be considered a "pro" too because most people have easy access to execs.
More communication with the managers would help with everything.
Top three company so you feel a little pressured to do better
This program works you very hard and commission is hard to achieve.
It's still a retail job.
nothing but i loved it
A tendency to hire overqualified people who tend to be unhappy with the lack of career growth and leave around the three-year mark.
Work load can be Stressful along with the position
misleading, demanding for the pay, not very flexible
I WISH I COULD SAY ZERO STARS. Awful pay they cap what you can make after so many years of being there and unless you move to manager you never will get a raise again They did a way with with the Genius role Work life balance is a joke it was a cage match trying to get time off and if you didn’t get what you needed people would call out sick anyway. Managers did not care and always put the customer first Even if you or the normal protocol was being followed They also would provide passive aggressive advice or fearless feedback how to do better Discount is awful as retail does not make enough to afford anything even with the discount The watches came out and t was 50% off for a month that was a joke. Managers got free iPad pros for Christmas and employees got a branded water bottle. Corporate shuts down for holidays and retail barely gets a few pizzas for working on a holiday Years later and things have gotten worse I would say stay as far away as possible. It is not a good place To be and it is not what it used to be.
Work life balance can be hard in a retail setting.
Management changeovers during training were chaotic New management did not want to honor agreements made during hiring process for new worker This created a high-stress and toxic work environment that cause the employee to leave the company
There weren’t any cons at the job
More work to do than people to do it.
Lack of work/life balance. Apparently Steve Jobs once asked, "Why hire two engineers when you can hire one good one and make him work overtime?" That M.O. certainly still stands.
Varied hours and days off. Extremely loud and overcrowded work environment. Promotions are highly competitive in certain stores.
You are handling customers personal devices, so when something does not work as it should they can be quite frustrating
long hours, long commute if coming from sf
holiday time you are working a lot
bureaucracy, middle management, food, lack of opportunities for lateral movement. lack of promotion opportunities.
Completely consumes your life. More so then any other job I have had.
Customers. Work life balance due to retail hours and inconsistent schedules
Retail get busy Face paced work
Retail hours and office politics
Micromanaged in a retail environment
Demanding work, limited interaction with coworkers
Too many layers of management
No perks, food isnt great, and no freebies like Gym and snacks.
Some of company values, too many different thinking people, hard to connect with many people. I guess it could be like that in many companies but it's hard to fit in if you're different from most company employees with your beliefs.
Apple is too strict on Visual Standards even in our break rooms. Also leadership doesn't always do a great job promoting the right people. We have some people on our team with toxic personalities.
Dealing with entitled and distasteful customers
Lots of micromanagement, no work life balance and no incentive to want to stay in the line work for this company.
Lower pay than other similar positions with other companies
Retail hours, ultimately your job is to deescalate situations, not actually provide value to customers.
-Stressful -It is a call center. Know what you're getting into. Not for the faint of heart. -Repetitive. Gets very boring. Not for quiet types and/or those who aren't a people person.
Impossible to terminate policy offenders unless they steal something. No accountability for those who miss work. Little to no professional development opportunities.
scheduling can be semi inconsistent
It's work to keep from taking on too much work Very demanding work environment
Customers can be very tiring to deal with.
Very stressful work environment. I was working in essentially a call center, they treated us like an "expense" since we were not a very profitable part of the company. Tons of micro-management on every facet of our job performance and whenever there was a performance issue or if they thought you did something wrong, there was always the assumption of guilt unless proven innocent.  The people in general can be very friendly, but management seems to have a distorted view of how things work in "the trenches" (when taking incoming calls) and it leads to unrealistic expectations being set all the time.
Need to show better appreciation for workers. Very difficult to advance in the company.
stressful at times, long hours
Company has gone downhill since Steve Jobs passed. Never a good choice of schedules. Always have to work atleast 1 weekend day. Raises are only 3% every year
Missing the direction and vision of Steve Jobs. Too many folks that don't know what they are doing.
not a a lot of growth opportunities
remote is never great? but it has perks
There is No room for advancement
Scheduling can be all over the place, assuming your availability is open, and so if you want to go anywhere you must request well in advance. Also, communication between some management could be a little better.
If you're part time, you're going to need a least one other job to pay rent. Also, Apple is a little "culty" for my taste.
Secrecy - you think you're working for a highly sensitive area of the CIA but Apple only makes consumer goods. Reminded on a regular basis how certain actions such as taking gifts or sharing pictures on social media can and will get you fired.
Resourcing can be tight at times.
Retail hours, not much down time, feisty customers,
Don't start in the call center trying to make your way to the business side of the company. Its not going to happen unless you stay there forever!
Stress, political, hard to move up, really difficult work life balance.
none, the company is perfect and alwsome
Working with many varying technical understanding customers at once. Retail hours. Difficulty moving up within the company due to limited positions for growth.
no cons at all. i loved it here
I can't think of one negative thing to say.
Management with not a lot of knowledge. Too strict overtime and timeclock policy. Always tried to send to other stores.
Difficult managers High turnover No clear explanation of role Very deeply ingrained politics
Lack of communication between corporate and retail level.
the bureaucracy of the store and favoritism can effect morale
Work life balance can be challenging, it is retail.
Odd shift times but not terrible. It's retail...
Management and lack of integrity
Location and commute are less than ideal
Long time to advance Start you off part time Training is vague
bad things don't exist at this job
Depending on the store, the store management can be extremely political, and drive you crazy. Terrible hours sometimes with clopenings.
I really dont have any complaints
- On your feet all day long (literally) - Can get boring at times
The customers were very rude
Great name on your resume, decent pay.
Fast-paced and demanding of full attention and energy, but never a dull moment.
Transparency between corporate and retail - or lack there of
Multi-national corporation struggling to balance employee satisfaction with bottom-line results. External hiring practices sacrifices internal talents' career ambition.
Management is pressured to make invocation changes even where there is no reason to make any. They create a negative work environment which could make it an unpleasant place to work.
Loss of vision for overall direction
Management has terrible communication and accountability. Apple in general has been cutting operating costs so much that wages aren't keeping up with inflation. You MAY get a 3% raise, inflation around the country is 2.5-4.5% meaning very little growth or net loss in wages.
can get hectic at times, especially during the holiday season
Retail hours. Always educating customers.
none, nothing negative to say honestly
The Pay is low based on how stressful it can be and what the job entails. Though it's retial what the job entails is retial mixed with a tech job. Not much room for growth for long-term job prospects unless you plan to stay here 10+ years and move on to managment or lead genius.
there is no cons, its good
Lack of organizatiin across the board and up the ladder of upper management which trickled down to employees
Compensation, Management Structure and Transparency are areas of opportunities.
Insanely busy, constant stress, ambiguity and change.
Pay not great at Apple
hard for smaller store to have growth
If you have watched Apple's 1984 Super Bowl commercial, then you know how Apple is. Apple has now become exactly that which it despised the most: the IBM of the 80's. The Establishment. The Big Brother.  Apple has grown old and both leadership and management want only to be worshiped, they only want to listen to praise. There are no dissenting voices, nobody from above likes that and Apple is famous for having the most tyrannical and ruthless HR departments in the industry, so don't dissent, and don't expect an ethical behavior if you do.  The amount of kool-aid that Apple employees are forced to drink on a daily basis only compares to the best (or worst) years of Facebook or Yahoo. And again, don't be a dissenting voice or your life will be made hell.  Of course, your mileage may vary. Since Apple is so extremely fractured and isolated internally, there must be lucky pockets where things are better. The large majority is not, however.  Internal mobility is nonexistent.
Depending on the size of your store, opportunities for advancement are limited. Cast a wide net.
High pressure and fast paced environment
everyone is underpaid. cult-like. they give promotions with no raises. promotions are based on new interviews and not performance.
high volume calls/email/enrollments, crazy/rude developers
No cons! Everything is perfect!
Sharp deadlines and lots of ambiguity.
Toxic corporate culture, cult like
Some district managers could use more time in stores
Your weekly hours may get cut to an unacceptable level when the shopping season slows down. ~10 hours or less a week.  Extremely hard to move up (there are a LOT of employees at each location, plus there are internal candidates looking for transfers to compete with).  Always hiring. Also a con, because management is stretched so thin, that adding new people to the staff often takes precedence over the development of current employees.  With so many people on staff, it can be next to impossible to efficiently convey information when changes happen. Things change quickly (and often), but information disseminates slowly.  Some of the upper management (senior managers, etc.) come from management positions that don’t require them to interact with the sales floor frequently (if ever), so they can be a little “by the book” or “bottom line” in their management style. Not guaranteed to happen, but it’s out there sometimes.
Growth is very difficult. Lots of favoritism. If you don't Click, you're not going anywhere. Too many childish employees with unprofessional behaviors go unchecked. Cafeteria - you have to pay for all the food, unlike Facebook or Google which are also in town and include all meals. The metric system used to measure and control quality is EASILY gamed or manipulated. Management comes to conclusions based on incorrect understanding of statistics. Basically, they see a number on a metric and say, "This is because or cause by THIS. So we will do this OTHER thing". And if you try to explain why that is incorrect or how to read into the statistic in a more scientific manner, you'll probably not going to get far either. Cheaters get recognized frequently and management is mostly oblivious to their behavior or turns a blind eye.
hard to fire people that were not performing.
The things customers say when they don't get their way and then how frequently management caves and gives into their ridiculous requests, managers are often inexperienced, workload is ever increasing yet the pay does not match responsibilities or even compete with other companies that generate this level of revenue. Often do not have enough work supplies because "they're expensive" and offsite Genius training was canceled (is Apple going broke??) and so you're forced to learn from the very limited stock of Geniuses at your store who are often mistaken and undertrained. The break rooms in every store I've ever been into are basic and often too small for the number of employees. Too many part time employees. Tons of people call out because they're hungover or just don't feel like coming in and the penalties are minimal, if any. Speaking of, that is another con- most employees are almost constantly micromanaged and undervalued.
Management is very fickle, childish environment, much like high school, corporate environment is taking over the unique culture Apple once had, you will get passed over for promotion if you do not brown nose your managers. Managers lie and say open feedback is desired, but once feedback is given, you will be ignored, or blacklisted.
Salary is hit or miss depending on your experience and education. If you have a degree, your chances of a good offer are far greater than otherwise. Some departments didn’t have as much communication and cross training, so some SILOS, and manual processes. Depending , some departments were a little behind on automation.
It's a large corporation and you sometimes have to deal with lots of politics. Work/life balance can sometimes be poor.
It's a retail store. There's only so much you can grow if you don't want to be a retail manager. Opportunities to go to California are few and far between. Basically you're surrounded by the most talented people, so it can be hard to stand out against that. It does make you push harder though!
Terrible work to life balance
Angry customers were sometimes hard to deal with. You have to keep up to date on advancing technology.
Developmental leader felt like she was all talk, especially because she wasn't the family room leader that i had to suck up to. And the family room lead, for some reason, did not like me at all
- Apple culture does not exist here, but instead a toxic culture does! If you are expecting to work for Apple and experience real Apple culture, this place is not for you. The sole purpose of this job is to clock in, sit at your desk for 10 hours, and be a darn robot by simply just approving/rejecting apps all day, every day. Additionally, it is a very toxic/soulless culture since there is an incredible amount of negativity created among employees due to the way management treats its employees. It is to the point where people are even scared to talk to each other during the day since management has created a culture of fear...  - Career suicide. Whether this is an early job in your career or a job taken on later in your career, it is career suicide. There are zero transferrable skills you will gain from this job. Your best bet out of this organization is to go gain new skill sets on your own.  - Management’s idea to ensure employees are productive is to micro management them like no other. Your clock in/clock out times, breaks, computer activity, and the amount of time you spend in the bathroom are monitored down to the minute. If management feels you are in violation of any of these categories, be prepared to get talked to/monitored consistently even if you are an employee that gets work done on a daily basis.  You as an employee must salute management at all times. Unreal. This style of management is a very childish way to manage adults and such micro management tactics breaks an organization, creates a toxic culture, & makes employees rebel against each other. Due to this, you have a team where 200+ people are looking for jobs all at once, which is not something you see often...  - Lack of real managerial experience, arrogance, & competence among management is a huge problem. Employees on this team have some basic ideas to solve the organization’s problems, but the lack of real management experience, arrogance, & competence at a management level makes it impossible for changes to occur. If you have any ideas, they are simply not welcomed and will be shot down by management instantly. Essentially, you as an employee must accept management’s stupid ideas or go take a walk.  - Employee appreciation? Pffftt. What’s that? In this org, you are treated worse than animals. It is all about work! work! work! As mentioned earlier, you are a robot tied to your desk for 60/hours a week with zero flexibility in work hours. Also, expect to work six days a week all the time, work 12 hour days often, & be *forced* to work every national US holiday. Additionally, management simply does not believe in retaining its employees, giving their employees rest, & thanking employees for their hard work. Management has even taken away company events from its employees. Instead, the philosophy is to throw more work at them until they burnout & quit.  - Taking a vacation & falling sick in this department are considered to be a crime. If you as an individual wish to take a vacation, good luck ever getting the time approved. Everyone’s vacation time is closely monitored and it is up to the department’s discretion to decide if you are allowed to go on a vacation during the dates of your choosing.  Also, during fall employees are told there is a strict “vacation blackout” period, which means you cannot take a vacation during September - December due to “business needs”. Such a restriction ensures employees can never enjoy a Thanksgiving or Christmas with their loved ones, which is cruel and inhumane. In addition, if you ever fall sick and can’t make it to work, expect your manager to guilt trip you for being sick the day you come back.  - Career growth? Ha, good luck. Expect zero guidance from anyone in management on how to grow your career within the company. During your time in this department, you are expected to be an approve/reject robot & nothing else. In fact, many other departments at Apple have figured out the ugly truths of App Review, which make it almost impossible to transfer internally. If you do join this department, your best bet is to look at another company for a job.  - Nepotism like no other. In this department, the ones that get elevated are the ones that simply suck up to management & become close friends with them. If you are a hard worker on this team, you’ll simply be told to do more until the life is sucked out of you. Competence is not a required skill set to get elevated in this org.
Not too concerned on individual growth
Benefits - 3 Stars - Vacation and sick time benefits are on the lower end of the spectrum for Full Time employees when compared to other local tech companies. That being said, having the onsite cafe, gym, doctors, and pharmacy is more convenient than I thought they would be. Many benefits go unused due to not being eligible.  Compensation - 2 Stars - Upper Management likes to BRAG that our compensation is lower that other tech companies because of our benefits. I’d be willing to give up student loan repayment options (I’m not eligible anyway), adoption assistance (not for me), daycare assistance (again, not for me) and RSUs if it meant I could have a paycheck on par with market rates. Raises are a maximum 5% which do not keep up with Austin’s year over year cost of living increases. The only way you will receive a raise is by a promotion.  Career Opportunities - 2 Stars - Upper management will hold you back from promotions or even temporary roles in other departments. They ultimately have a business to run and if you are TOO GOOD they won’t let you get promoted because they need you.  Work/Life Balance - If you are salaried, you are expected to be on call 24/7 and management WILL call you at all times. If you want to go out of town for the weekend, forget it. Apple will not pay for your cell phone, but will require you to use your personal phone number for work related tasks, and even logging into your computer — you can’t work if you don’t have a personal phone. Apple will also require you to use your own personal AppleID to install software on work computers. You will also need to enter your own personal credit card to install updates.
Nothing so far, it's all been good.
Work life balance is really bad if you're full-time
No work life balance. Changes at the top are quick, but take forever to trickle down. Getting too corporate.
-They can offer great benefits because they use contract companies that little to no benefits and treat contractors terribly.
Very fast paced, on your feet a lot.
Retail can be tough, even working for Apple. It can get exhausting sometimes especially being there 8 hours a day 5 days a week.
* work-life balance is elusive * frequent travel to Apple's contract manufacturers/sweatshops in remote parts of Asia * high-stress political environment * high rates of attrition * because of Ops is fast-paced and short-term objectives need to be met, personal development goals are often sidelined
Management Toxic environment Work life balance
If your store leader falls apart, so does your whole store Some people will stomp all over you for a tiny raise.
There are no cons for me.
Work %100 remotely for on-campus roles
Typical big company reward system that gives most benefits to a few top performers and little for the average worker, so it's a pretty competitive environment and that can be stressful at times. And while work-life balance is valued, you're still expected to do whatever it takes to get your job done, this often means working late hours and on weekends.
Strenuous shifts Long hours/ Shifts Not Much leeway not much work life balance Favortism
You have to be able to balance home life and working from home.
If you want to ever create tech of your own, don't stay here too long.
Work/Life balance can be difficult as schedules change every 90 days Opportunities for advancement can be limited at times Advancement opportunities that do arise seem to be more who you know and what you've done at Apple not in relation to complete professional experiences. Managers can be hit or miss. Some are genuinely interested in your career and aspirations, others are just there to manage.
Cons you find in big corporate companies
Oftentimes you will be working nights or weekends. Alas, the nature of retail.
Work/life balance isn't a thing and there's a fair amount of politics and analysis paralysis.
Toxic management structure that focuses on numbers and promotes favoritism. Feedback to upper management puts you on their "black list".  Store Leader is barely there, will do nothing for you once you give her truthful constructive feedback, will stop talking to you, has her favorites that get promoted 3 times within a year (without any experience or skills) . People who has been with the company for 5+ (sometimes 10) years are still being fed lies and excuses not to get promoted and to be exploited in their current roles.
The management and the team’s values didn’t align with the company values. The management team was biased and manipulative. I worked in the retail end for a year, don’t work Apple retail because the retail stores are completely different from the Corporate Apple.
Work from home Multiple rotations with management
-rapport from employee to manager can be a bit strained, depending on store size -customer input can be harsh at times
They are very secretive when it comes to team projects.
Customers are high maintenance and rude.
-Difficult to move up even with years of experience -Certain less-qualified people get moved up because of their relationships with management, not their knowledge or performance -Very clique-ish environment -Not as diverse as they claim -not as innovative and forward-thinking as they were under Steve Jobs -CEO seems more concerned with politics than focusing on products that WOW! customers -Hours are not consistent for employees (4 hours one week, 12, then 24)
Schedules change and the available shifts are never consistent. In over 5 years, nobody would explain how you rank for shift bids, so you never knew what you’d get. HIGH STRESS! This isn’t a job for people prone to anxiety/depression. Working from home causes isolation issues, add the job stress you have the perfect mental health crisis. I don’t know one long-term AppleCare employee that didn’t take a leave of absence for mental/physical health. Typical call center metrics and monitoring. Once you hit Sr. Advisor, that’s as far as you can go from home. They’ll say there a multitude of opportunities but that’s not true. They do offer a Team Manager apprentice. So you get to do the job of an AppleCare manager but you don’t get paid for it. This job is nothing but another glorified call center job.
No cond that come to mind
None I can think of
Company could do much better at career development
Retail is retail Working holidays
No work/life balance whatsoever. No control of when you want to work
It takes a long time to get hired
Retail environment and random hours
nothing needed here for cons
None. No possibility of advancement
Sometimes you get really bad customers come in, but that became an opportunity for you to grow.
No work life balance, no growth opportunities
the hours, the metrics, customer service is rough
People are so hardworking! But that may be good peer pressure!
Political nature of retail, focus on numbers over experience, opportunities disguised as careers can mislead, lack of transparency surrounding pay brackets for difference experiences
Hard to get a promotion. Must stay for years before moving up.
complete miscommunication within leadership.
None that I can recall
Poor support functions like HR, poor career management structure
Dealing with multiple appointments, people are mean when they have issues with their devices. Part time tech, part time shrink.
Not a lot of chances for advancement unless you are on campus.
Not very flexible hours, must work 4 days a week which sucks as a college student  Everyone too friendly
High pressure and long hours
Less cross-team work, sometimes work load is to high
The Dangling Carrot - The work to pay balance isn't right. You're expected to help multiple customers at once, talk about ALL Apple Services and Store Programs with every customer, help them quicker and quicker and constantly be in a high stress environment that makes the higher than average pay mean next to nothing when you realize you're doing the work of 2 to 3 employees - Apple is one of the largest companies in the world and staffs it's stores like it may be going out of business any day now. Customers regularly wait 20-30+ minutes just to get the opportunity to talk to someone to buy something. This can even happen if the person knows exactly what they want, has no questions, and is ready to pay. That stress is directly put on you as leadership hides behind an iPad or in an office but tells you to work faster from afar. - Apple's goal is to positively impact humanity but they seem to forget their own employees are part of that humanity. Your career ambitions are ignored, favoritism is rampant, they put more and more pressure on their people while giving them less and less resources to deal with it. - Their promotion practice is hidden and vague so that they can always make up excuses about why you aren't ready to get promoted. There are no clear metrics or avenues for job growth just management preference and their favorites are forced to the front of the queue while much more capable and deserving team members are passed over. When you're told you're not able to interview for a new position or promotion they make up reasons like "what books are your currently reading about self development?" or other vague open ended questions that have no right answer because whatever you say they will tell you its not good enough. -It is a regular practice that they will handpick people for promotions, interview them, and give them the job before they even let the team know the job is available. The day the job is posted is the same day they tell the staff someone already got the position. It's ok that they choose who they think is ready for promotion but the hidden nature of the process makes it look like under the table deals and favoritism is the only way to get ahead. - Apple has the clout to hire managers etc from outside of the company in a job role far below their last job. This means department store general managers and district managers are regularly hired as entry level managers at Apple (2 to 3 steps below their past position at their prior job). This makes an impossible void for anyone internally to get promoted to management. You're essentially shown that you need to be able to run 8-12 stores on your own before you can be moved up to be a basic manager at Apple. They give no opportunity for people to exhibit these skills internally so there will always be a very large divide between what they expect and what they allow internal candidates to show the competency for. This means that you're far more likely to move up at Apple by leaving the company, getting promoted elsewhere, and then coming back several years later to take a step down in role when you return. - Managers do very little to support the sales floor and technicians throughout the day. They blindly stand around and wait for issues to escalate before they step in.... in the meantime they are online buying sneakers, sitting in a closed door office drinking coffee, or having meetings that have no purpose while the rest of the staff handles the pressure of the day.
high customer volume as a technician
Management never wants to talk about money. Very hard to get work related items paid for or reimbursed. Even getting new work computers only happens every few years if you’re lucky. Never enough test devices. Pay is below par. RSUs are great at first but never get re-upped. Many managers play favorites heavily and no one checks them. Feedback up the chain without going through them is discouraged and seen as insubordinate. Previously the couple of months before WWDC was crazy crunch, but now schedules are causing it to happen year round. You’ll never work 40hr weeks.
too much work . too much work . too much work . too much work . too much work .
lots of flexibility needed and high hours
Has a "big company feel" that sometimes can make things feel impersonal. Maybe one of the more conservative of the Silicon Valley companies. Very "chain of command" oriented. The team you're on can make a huge impact on your overall happiness as all the hundreds of teams throughout the company can have their own "mini-culture" and work environment based on the management style of the managers up the chain of command. Generally, I'd say these cons are outweighed by the pros.
This is not only an honest review of the App Reviewer position, but as many recent reviews here also a cry for help. This department is in shambles. The mixture of horrible management and a toxic environment that becomes worse and worse with every passing day is not sustainable. People reading these reviews might be confused as to why some are positive and some so negative. I will clarify that for you - look at the dates! Once upon a time working here was amazing. The previous director knew you by name and the team was very tight and close. We all worked hard but were also rewarded. More than anything there was a true sense of teamwork and community. You could rely on one another. Everyone was there to help each other no matter what their role in the department was. This is one of the most diverse departments in all of Apple and that used to be celebrated. People were happy and proud to work on that team and for each other. The older positive reviews are for the golden age of App Review. Unfortunately, those days are long long gone. So what happened? Management changes. And it’s been a free fall ever since. The new director put in is never there and just doesn’t care about his employees. His only concern since being put in this role has been the implementation of new tools that he created without ever having any kind of understanding or insight on how the reviewers do their jobs. They started hiring people from AppleCare - arguably the worst department of Apple corporate. First it was the current operations manager who just has been hiring his cronies ever since. Instead of hiring from within with more than qualified candidates who also have a deep understanding and knowledge of the job function and where to improve he brings up his friends from AppleCare of his golf buddy. The managers that were with the department before have become spineless as their complaints fall on deaf ears too. Most just come in to work everyday to collect their paychecks and wait for their stocks to vest. The others have become so stressed out and take it out on reviewers by micromanaging every aspect of their time at work from what time you punch in to how long you take in the bathroom to checking your screens to see what you’re doing. Their unhappiness and helplessness trickles down to the already unhappy reviewers. Instead of being a united team this department is now filled with interoffice politics and drama. We no longer have fun events. we no longer have lunch provided. We work longer hours and significantly less flexible shifts. Reviewers are in fear of talking to each other and everyone is on edge. Other departments at Apple have figured this out and will not hire you from App Review. They dont want to touch us with a 10 foot pole. And so unless you decide to start sucking up with the head of operations you have no future in Apple in this department or otherwise. And trust me you do not want to be at a dead end job with this high of a work toxicity level. And if you still decide to take this job you cant say you weren’t warned.
long hours at work really long
Schedule is all over the place
Call center work can get repetitive, but that’s about it. Management does it’s part to get workers involved and motivated.
the job itself (Tech support/customer service) was incredibly stressful and eventually wore me out. Apple customers can be entitled and rude to deal with.
We struggle to compete in market in regards to salary, perks, and training. It is also unfortunate that we don't have more Bay Area office space in San Francisco.
Very hard to get promoted
Nothing to share here in this section.
No down time for the most part, so busy, need to hire more people
Lack of training and support, hours isn't consistent weekly
Very kool-aid type environment. Lots of talk but management can be kinda useless at times, worked in two different apple stores. It can be a logistcal nightmare and the customers get away with a lot because of service model
Scheduling, Low Salary, and no Upward Movement in Company if Retail.
Retail schedule environment is challenging
Oh boy where to start... No work/life balance although they say there is.  Constant pressure if you work on the care team that you either have to multitask or finish what you are doing.  You are very under paid compared to other tech jobs that do the exact same thing elsewhere.  Someone that is great at their job and deserves a promotion will get passed up and the position will be given to an under qualified person that has become close friends with the upper management.  Customers that get mad at you because they either set their own expectation too high or do not want to take any responsibility for their own mistakes.
The employee experience in the retail stores isn't what it used to be. I don't mean this in a grumpy old man, "back in my day" kind of reflection. It really has taken a shift towards a sales focused leadership guidance - which anyone who worked there prior to 2014 will say managers used to never mention sales numbers to the team. It was always about customer experience and the numbers from customer surveys.  I'm not sure Angelas vision of 'town centers' is a possibility in the majority of stores. I love the idea at the flagship locations but the mall stores aren't ever going to be someones 'third place'.  It's been a bummer watching them slow down the amount of in-store repairs. The genius' are slowly dying inside as they ship more and more things out of store for repairs. Also, they stopped sending the new genius' out for training and while it may no be necessary it was certainly a big event in many folks career here. To see Apple invest so much into you really created some loyalty and made you less likely to leave. Not so much any more.  Yes, it's a retail environment, even though it's not a 'traditional retail' feel. So the hours can be hard on a work/life balance, but the vacation days and ability to request time off allows a certain flexibility (unless its between Black Friday and mid January and it's all hands on deck).
Management, Work/Life Balance, Leadership isn't always aware of your role's responsibilities.
company culture has changed in the past year, corporate presence is felt strongly & leadership isn't entirely focused on setting their team up for success like they used to. Pursuing a full time position is considered a promotion, comes with no pay raise and more responsibility.
Not only is is not the company I thought I joined - it's no longer even the company I joined (if that makes sense). Things have really been going downhill as growth has increased without sufficient pruning and evaluation.  The results of that are  * The company is full of processes that work great for a very high average quality engineering population of 1,000 or less, but are terrible for a medium average quality engineering population of 10,000 or more. As a result management is re-inventing the terrible practices of the past, such as:   - Making project too big to fail rather than small enough to succeed   - Adding people rather than competences   - Treating everybody as interchangeable parts rather than individuals with strengths and weaknesses   - Restraining employee mobility and growth, presumably to retain head count and talent for local reasons, which hurts the company on a grander scale  * Bad to terrible management on all levels that I encountered. Internal mobility is often curtailed and actively opposed, even though that should be one of the big benefits of working in a big company that does products on the whole stack.  * HR is definitely not on your side.  * Too many people seem to think that success is assured, and revert to pointless, zero-sum infighting instead of working hard to keep the products successful by delivering value and delight to the customers.  * 1,000s of uncoordinated, small geeky features added rather than 10s of simple, useful and customer-aligned features.  * Products getting long in the tooth with no new hit in sight.  * Too many products compromized by tying them to each other without consideration for whether it benefits the customer.  * Base pay levels below average. Bonus is too high a % of your comp.  In conclusion: Time to trim the fat in products, management and peers.
Pay wasn't good when compared to industry standards
This position is wonderful if you're are an outgoing people person. But if you are not, it can be a major struggle.
Time off must be requested three weeks ahead of time The customer is always right....but not really Long retail hours
Culture of secrecy Work life balance
Best Buy partnership, sometimes Best Buy doesn't see eye to eye with Apple. Not much development
No career advancement, a lot of false promises, and they utilize contract workers like a revolving door because it's cheaper.
Their datacenter is set up really moronically. They have millions of servers and they load them up with hard drives so each server is a ticking time bomb with failed hard drives. What they should do is use filers but they are moving away from it. They literally have thousands of tickets on failed hardware and most of those are on all those hard drives. They also write everything into /var so /var is constantly filling up and locking up machines. I saw the same problems over and over and over and no one cared about fixing any of it. They just fixed the issue and closed the ticket instead of permanently fixing the issue.
No set work schedules, Promotions are usually based on favoritism or seniority.
Incompetant leadership. Lack of communication between management and staff, no room for growth.
Like any retail job, working nights and weekends are a must.
Limited mobility, New Boss was terrible
Hectic work environment, lacks flexibility
Using the pros against you to limit your growth within the company.  Please up the pay for employees. They are selling $719-$1200 iPhones and 1200-10k Macs. It doesn’t make sense why only in San Francisco they will make a few dollars more. It’s still under $20 an hour and benefits don’t translate into dollars. How can you afford a vacation or to use any of the perks?
Hard to grow in company Poor work life balance
Retail hours (weekends) but it’s part of the job, in general nothing to complain about.
Upper level management (market leader and above) sometimes don't take guidance from store, internal disconnect
travel, not a lot of room for growth
Rank stacking employees .. Work life balance...
Leadership is awful, favoritism, racism, poor organizations. Coworkers having psychological breakdowns left and right. Exhaustion and gas-lighting.
Bad management and team environment
Some highly unorganized departments you must avoid to work for within Apple.
Such little turnover that growth takes along time and a lot of investment
- You can be scheduled to work as late as 12 AM - You have to work one weekend every week - Your overall score is based on customer reviews. Reviews sent in that are dissatisfied with faulty products negatively impact your score.
No longer supporting remote employment.
No work life balance. Management does not care if you're burnt out. Compared to other companies, they pay is below average.
- Customers are on another level of difficult at times - Your coworkers are competitive and often times wont help you and give you the "you were trained for this, look it up in the knowledge base" - FAVORITISM is huge in the retail world and Apple is no different
Retail hours (nights and weekends), and some very difficult customers
Depending on position, hours may vary wildly from month to month Managerial turnaround was ridiculous - 6 managers in as many months
The worst part of the job are some of the customers that you have to deal with on a day to day basis.
No advancement within company unfortunately as a part time employee
As an admin I wish there were more growth opportunities financially and career wise
Not a lot of work/life balance. Expected to work too much.
Rotating schedule, some early shifts some late. Honestly there aren't very many negatives to working at Apple Inc. I have thoroughly enjoyed my experience
Workload and schedule pressure are highly cyclical, ranging from country club stress levels for a couple of months, to OMG-hair-on-fire-I'll-never-sleep-again for several months . However, I believe this is inherent in being a physical design engineer, so this may not be specific to Apple.
Can be a difficult home life balance, can be frustrating at times when customers are difficult, on many occasions exceptions are made for the customers that give you the hardest time rather than a customer that might really need help.
ZERO work/life balance, Management are mostly outside hires with no relevant experience, Management can be hit or miss (some are amazing and decent human beings and some are absolute monsters) HR is useless and doesn’t protect employees from sexual harassment, CEO seems more concerned about sending employees emails demanding they take his views on political issues rather than focusing on creating more innovative tech.
Hard to move up if you're not one of the chosen
Open concept offices taking over and making it impossible not to have glare on your screens. No visibility into promotion opportunities, org changes always come as a complete surprise to most. Leads to confusion about career growth potential. Very little emphasis on training managers, lots of growing pains when people get promoted. Can be a bit on the bureaucratic side.
Thankfully, I haven’t come across any reason to say anything poor about working with Apple.
There were no Cons for me.
None worth taking the time to mention
Scheduling can be a pain. Only so many moves to make at a store level.
Being a CSR is a thankless job
customer facing retail for consumer electronics young managers very liberal work environment availability will causes issues with potential promotions some building are poorly designed, causing issues with with heat during the day
Rude customers from time to time
I have no cons now.
This specific team was a contract position
horrible culture with not accountability of management
Apple's culture definitely isn't for everyone. All knowledge is silo-ed and tribal. There's no documentation. The internal tools are clunky and counter-intuitive. Sometimes the tech stack is creaky with age (though it's slowly but surely evolving).  It's not a particularly friendly or inviting place, even now after Steve's been gone for years.  Some parts of Apple are also absolutely riven with internal politics and dysfunction. This is slowly changing for the better, but for the time being I'd avoid taking positions at Ad Platforms or IS&T unless you're confident it'll be a good resume boost (in case you need to bounce in a year or two, which you just might).  Apple is also a very demanding place to work for many teams. If you're working on a team that's *really* getting things done, don't be surprised if you work as hard as or harder than you've ever done in your life. That work is really valuable and rewarding, but don't come to Apple and expect as much or more leisure time as your last job unless you're coming from i-banking or something.
No cons that I can think of b/c I enjoyed the fast pace and the challenge of thinking outside the box
managers are fake and only care about how they look to their bosses
Work Intensive and very demanding for pay
None I can think of
No growth opportunities. Every time you express an interest in growing there is a chance management will forget or not care
Cranky customers, talking on the phone all day with no breaks, glorified call center job
Since it's always growing, there are constant changes at the high level which propagates to the low level. I would love to see the company grow in software quality and stability. It's not easy for some folks to adjust to some of the rapid changes.
Be prepared to do a lot of standing around. Also, there was around 4 interviews so be prepared for that as well.
No real sense of directions, “leaders” have less schooled knowledge than their subordinates, and have clueless managing.
Package is not that good. You've got to work over the weekend sometimes. But if you are not acting an indispensable role, you may find out that your hardworking is not recognized fairly.
Working in a mall can be difficult at times.
- Career growth path not clear - Salary growth is slow
Nothing in general, it's a fine job
Moving within the organization to other business units is not encouraged
ZERO. WORK/LIFE. BALANCE. ZERO underlined, and in bold. Good luck trying to ever get a shift covered in the likely event that you need to have a certain day off. Full Timers do not get to pick a designated day off, rather, they only get a "preferred" day off which is never granted. You cannot have any weekend days off. You must have full and open availability. Part Timers must have 4 days of full availability... which makes it impossible to be a full time student and have a job with this place. You will get sick A LOT. They do not use anything even close to something that sterilizes when cleaning... Oh and don't sit on those little squishy ball seats at the kids table... We call them "pee-balls" for a reason... You will be constantly micro-manged to the point it's hard to tell if they're actually harassing you. You will get zero training time and expected to know everything about the latest software and hardware. You will be constantly running around like a chicken with it's head cut off helping multiple people, answering STUPID questions that could've been simply googled from customers and coworkers. There is little to no opportunities for growth. Unless you become the managers little pet and bend to their every whim, then MAYBE you'll get an interview for something, but end up losing out to an external hire. Lastly, you will not be valued there. You are just a mere cog in the big corporate machine that is Apple. They can easily replace you regardless of how much time, blood, sweat and tears you gave to that place. The Apple culture that made the company so awesome and unique no longer exists. It has been long gone. It died in 2010. Angela Ahrendts is a cancer to Apple Retail.
Busy busy busy with calls all day and week
Micro management, favoritism, none other
Retail hours, amount of hours standing daily. Dealing with ambiguity and an ever changing technology landscape can be a lot at times. Working with over 100 people and different personalities every day. Nothing unique to this job
Fast paced company. You have to stay on your tippy toes.
nothing that I am aware of
Working from home can get lonely, job can be monotonous
Chaos. Terrible fluctuating retail hours so you cannot plan your life. Chaos. Managers are completely out of touch with each role. Metrics focused instead of people focused. Makes me sad.
Work/Life Balance, Management only care about the sale and getting the customer in/out
No work-life balance in retail
- I feel like lately they are starting to turn into a more sale environment. Some managers won’t talk to you about sales but some will constantly. There’s like 7 managers per store. - won’t follow foundation
-hours are messy -management can be messy -hard to move up
Less open compared to Internet company. No free food. No free gym. Work overtime
Typical non-flexible hours in regards to working retail.
Work culture was difficult at times. It all depends on your manager.
slow change to increasing staffing employees based on customer traffic needs so wait times for customers become ridiculously long leaving the burden on employees to deal with angry people who can be abusive emotionally and physically. Money should not be an excuse for this issue. Pay us more for how hard we work considering how much training we have and how much money we make for Apple on the front lines with our technical expertise, sales skills, emotional intelligence for customers. Apple is known for their beautiful stores and their AMAZING employees who are knowledgeable. Not competitive in pay/benefits with other tech companies in the area and use being a retail location (ie like Best Buy) as the reason. Talks about being sustainable but uses financial institutions (Barclays/Citizen's bank) that invest in environmentally destructive practices.
not many cons besides constantly dealing with people that can be mentally inept but hey thats customer service
sometimes they were not as flexible with hours as i needed.
Working with the public can be a challenge especially when they come in with unreal expectations.
Company culture was very cliquey
Bureaucracy due to secretive culture
Lousy pay and politics. Mgmt cherry picks favorites.
Not sure there are any, to be honest.
Corporate retail policies, high paying for retail but low paying for tech. Inconsistent schedule, and difficult to schedule around or hold other jobs. Environment can be emotionally exhausting at times.
Inflexible top-down decision making, non-friendly / non-collaborative atmosphere
Slow to make anything happen
- The commute - Parking situation  Outside of that, the job is phenomenal and an amazing company to grow with.
Retail is retail and that will always be a challenge
Can be difficult to move upward in the company. Working at the retail level is still a retail job in the end, despite position. Some standing issues can take a long time to change, as it is a large global company.
The work environment can be very stressful and hostile if you struggle with interpersonal communication.
The execs micromanage too much and drive unnecessary work. Somebody is always panicking. Hard to move to other groups outside immediate org.
-Difficult for growth in corporate environment -Unbalanced hours
- The amount of work can can be overwhelming
Very quick training, felt rushed
- poor work-life balance for full-time: you work ALL holidays and don’t have a set schedule. You could be working until 10pm 10 days in a row - upward growth is very slow in retail, opportunities to move to corporate are scarce - can be extremely fast-paced and overwhelming depending on your store - working with the public is exhausting and requires a lot of tolerance/patience - work can be repetitive—it’s easy to get bored with day-to-day duties  Overall, among the best part-time opportunities for those in school or those who have other projects they’re working on. A great, fun place to grow and develop as a professional if you’re willing to put the years and work in—and you don’t mind staying in retail.
Cant think of any cons as its a great company
The good at Cafe Macs is great and in reasonable price but I believe it should be free. It could have a better vacation policy for AppleCare.
Working from home is not for everyone
Random scheduling. Difficult customers at times.
Advancement is difficult because it's very competitive, and positions are often occupied for a long period of time. Job opportunities upwards are infrequent, but Apple does offer different options to develop and advance.
Hard to break into corporate positions
Feel like a cog in a wheel at times Customers can be rude
No weekends off, picky customers, standing for long period of time
It is extremely busy and you have to work every holiday.
You never do a good job, there is always something they criticize you on
None so far I just started here so I only gave 3 stars for Everything
The mountain is steep. This makes moving up extremely competitive and time consuming. Things move very, very slowly and every decision is wrapped in an inch of red tape. By the time anything gets done, you forgot why you were doing it in the first place. Pay is average at best.
Very competitive and hard to move around within the company itself. Perks are great but pay could be better, could definitely make more elsewhere in the same role.
Growth is in your current role, they do almost zero internal promotion.
steve jobs is no longer with us :(
Huge company so it feels like you get lost in the shuffle
The commute via the T can be frustrating sometimes.
I did not like working weekends but that is when the stores are the busiest.
Retail... Young coworkers who don't have work ethic. Inexperienced managers chasing bonus not supporting the team.
Kinda limited to retail. No opportunity for growth within the company at a corporate level. Retail hours suck the soul out of you.
Hard to move up, people who don't care aren't reprimanded
Mostly part-time positions. Pay is better than many retail jobs, but still not commensurate with cost of living or expected job performance. Seniority is really not valued much as to promotions or career opportunities. A lot of "hoopla" and "fluff", but little substance as to employee development.
Having to deal with some idiots.
schedule is pretty much set in stone time off is hard to come by penalized for calling out have to work holidays with rare exception
Long irregular hours. No way around this in retail at this point in time. The culture is changing and that is causing some turmoil but time will have to tell if it shakes out for the best as far it’s employees are concerned
Retail hours and retail scenarios eventually get to the point where no amount of money could make it worth it anymore. After 10 years, the company treated me like a highly valuable badge number, and our customers treated me like a punching bag.  You start to miss your dignity, and you realize that you won't find it again in Apple Retail.
- Low Pay, have to pay for all the cool amenities - Busy most the year - Not enough opportunities to try new roles - Weird schedules, not consistent - Worked too hard, excelled in role, no opportunities - Lots of burnt out employees who need to get fired, drags down the good people - Not enough training
Hours are retail and many holidays and weekend work. . Apple doesnt close for inclement weather. Learn to drive in bad conditions
corporation, no humanity and no regard for personal issues or stress at work. No support for remote agents. no room for improvement
None it is a great place to work
Work life balance is hard No advancement after senior advisor at least not enough At least one weekend day for each shift you get to choose
A lot of "office" politics going on,
Hours can shift, especially if you're apart time
Limited career development opportunity to grow
Management was not encouraging and were critical
It was exhausting working there, and I felt like I was being babysat by the managers.
Ultimately still a retail job.
I don’t enjoy the Micro managing
Job not based on honesty, integrity, and knowledge but how good you make superior look. Good employees don’t last here, only ones who pleases superiors and say what they want to hear. Open feedback abused by anyone who dislikes you to tell you what they think you should do. Culture of taking everything at face value even if you are being accused of something you didn’t do. Leader can place you on a documented coaching when you are given bad promoter rating. Not everyone gets documented coaching when they get bad promoter rating, only the ones who can’t please superiors. Many get away with what they do, lacking in performance and slacking.
Limited ceiling of advancement from personal experience for PART TIME employees
nothing bad to say about apple
It can be extremely busy sometimes.
Hefty workload as well as competition
I don't have many cons about my experience.
Hard to move up, tons of competition.
Absolutely nothing needs to change!
demanding, very fast pace environment
I have no real issues with Apple
the coworkers can be too good to be a little intimidating
Just another number that can be easily replaced, not really valued
You have to have thick skin - you interact with a lot of frustrated people who will say anything to get to you Can't change much about operations and big picture since its such a large company
I don't have any issues with this job. A job is a job, so of course, there's days that I don't feel like working. Of course there's hard days, but that's mainly due to customer issues or someone having an attitude. Working for Apple is great. I'll probably never leave.
Not a lot. I have not been with the company enough to identify any. I wil be abke to post something soon
Poor management and poor vision over worked, nothing changes for the good
I don't have anything negative to say about apple except there is a lot of stand. aside from all the standing I couldn't imagine working for a better company!
Mandatory Overtime Work life balance
The days can be pretty hectic Customers can be pretty bad Sometimes it feels nonstop The pay is relatively low for what your asked to do everyday
Flexability is difficult for students in the college cycle at times depending on classes and timings
not a lot of growth within the company
Not much chance to move at all.
Things get crazy leading up to big releases, but that's all part of working here.
Lack of support from colleagues and managers.
Horrible expectations. No growth. Told to leave company if I wanted management.
Leadership can micro manage time.
None That I can think of
Retail hours don’t allow for a true work life balance. Unrealistic customer image to uplhold.
You switch managers every once in a while, and some managers LOVE to micro manage. Some don't. Just be used to all types of managerial styles
Lib culture, could be more accomodating
My biggest problem with the retail environment is that there is a constant push to extricate the word “no” from your vocabulary, and thus a “how to get to yes” mentality. Where things go sideways is that every manager has a different idea of where yes is, and so there’s very little consistency. Because of that, as an employee, it’s VERY confusing on what will fly and what is off limits, because it’s constantly changing (sometimes even from hour to hour). Rules and policies tend to be more of a very general guideline than a static expectation.
Tough to get promoted. Can be stressful at times
none, except the specific store I worked in had terrible management.
Relatively rigid scheduling for lower tiers
Retail hours cannot garuntee a paycheck during busy and/or low times.
Emotionally exhausting (as most service industries are) Management is hired externally which can cause gaps in the culture Retail hours (work/life balance can be difficult)
It feels like a cult. I feel like Apple try’s to brain wash you and insert premade reply’s and vocabulary into your short term memory. Management plays favorites...bad. They will pick people arbitrary who they like and developed them and work to get them promoted and ignore all others. Upward momentum is abysmal, and the glass circling is 5 foot thick plexiglass.
No work life balance. Pay not even close to other FAANG. Too much of cockiness, every engineer is busy proving someone wrong Managers are just engineers with terrible people skills
Lots of customers coming for very trivial questions.
During busy seasons high volume stores can be lacking in meaningful customer interactions due to time constraints, but a large staff (compared to other retailers) definitely helps.
Too metric driven, and the work life balance is terrible. Expect to work full weekends with split days off. Also outside of an applecare manager(extremely hard to get) there is almost no way to advance above a senior advisor.
-Always hectic -Small workspace -Internal politics depending on various managers -Overworked
-If you want any sort of promotion you have to leave the College Program and go full-time -Limited internship opportunities for any majors other than engineering -Usually you have to work nights and weekends, which can be tough as a student
Only con is that they are strict when it comes to taking days off.
Wish the discounts where a little larger
Biased hiring process. Retail = on your feet all the time. My location has the worst parking situation. No gripes with my actual duties.
Very demanding work at times
track to leadership is slow and very selective
Sooo busy all of the time!
- 0 HR policies that protect company from being infested with crappy middle managers. I know HR is supposed to protect the company, but you have horrible untalented people driving out talent and rotting you from bottom up. Making sure that such people don't infest the company should be a priority for HR if they want to protect the company. - HR is an admin call center. This may be fine for a small company but this is a company of a 100k people. My advice to anyone considering an offer with them is: make sure you like your manager and document everything from the beginning. If you get along with your manager, this is a great company to work with.  But know that there is 0 accountability for bad managers and so there are toxic teams that go undetected. HR is useless and they will have all the power if you make them insecure or if they suddenly decide they don't want to work with you. Also like other notorious hardware companies, some teams here try to put people on PIP to get them to quit (quitting could be for whatever reasons, including mis-management and then realizing they over-hired). I have now heard more than a few stories along these lines. Since there is no manager accountability, they can get away with anything.
Each department is a close environment, that grows a lot of politics and slavery. Some of the departments are low productivity, which surprisedly last forever.
Busy customers, retail, on your feet a lot,
some of the crm software needs updating
Politics can sometimes get in the way.
At times micromanaging becomes quite annoying and the push to keep up with the numbers sometimes loses then main goal of providing a wonderful customer experience. Customers can also be quite harsh regarding comments if something is not done their way, especially if there is a cost involved, but that really isn't something that is due to Apple. Depending on the size and location, foot traffic can be overwhelming and there may barely be space to move around, especially during peak periods like the holiday season.
The initial time after training is difficult because much of the skills needed will be learned on the job. Honestly there are not a lot of cons. People who like face-to-face interactions may go stir crazy but otherwise it’s no problem at all.
Have a hard time moving up before a year, can sometimes be overwhelming during launch and battery programs
The scheduling is atrocious, it is a shift bid process!
Unless you are one of the favorites you will not move up Very little opportunity for growth into corporate Easier to advance by leaving the company and returning to a better position than growing internally
The long hours away from home.
Shift bids every three months. Work is repetitive and dull. Path to management is long, crowded and competitive.
Some of the tools and processes used at Apple are either old, restrictive or both.
No free lunch, and free dinner isn't spectacular. Free drinks are very limited too.
Little opportunity for growth
Depending on your store employee size, you can be overseen. Annual review, you are graded on overall store performance as well as your individual review. Employees are fresh out of HS or in college, so they do not understand the value of working retail - ie: you don't take work home. Young staff - so you hear a LOT of complaints and deal with immaturity Customers can be pretty savage and rude so you have to learn tools to de-stress them or talk them down. After a while, it wears on you and the conversation/work you do feels unrewarding.
There is really no work/life balance
The Silo model of specialization can be frustrating for people who prefer being generalists and don't want to keep changing jobs to get breadth, and the disclosure restrictions between groups can be frustrating to those who like to talk about their projects.
nothing, but just the competition is very intensive
Some managers do not belong in management. They need to learn a lot more.
It is hard not to get burnt out on the troubleshooting end as you usually see people when they are unhappy or have problems.
- Unclear career paths beyond store management - Emotionally demanding
The customers are legitimately horrible to deal with, low pay for what they expect from you
full time employees treat contract workers like second class citizens
It's a retail job, so expect a lot of customer interactions, including interactions with angry customers.
the schedule was every changing and the customers were very challenging. Not a lot of room for internal movement into corporate or upper management
- Clueless middle management interferes too much and changes the scope of the work leading to frustration - Favoritism in all forms is very prevalent, the favorites get the best projects, tasks, opportunities and visibility while the rest are made to slave away for the cause of betterment of the managers and their favorites - QA gets treated very badly and most of the time it’s because of the middle management who volunteer their engineers for all kinds of tasks out of scope from traditional QA roles - Promotions are based on favoritism rather than by performance or value added - Management is solely focused on kingdom building and this has resulted in lax hiring - No respect is given to truly knowledgeable people , promotion is only given to people who can talk loudly even though it’s just empty noise - HR will always side with the management and you will get screwed during the review process if you rub anyone in management the wrong way
Mundane job tasks. Little interactions with team members and management.
Can't think of any really. Maybe a larger break room was needed at our store but that's about it.
None for this current position.
pressure on numbers, lower pay for work
people do not quit there jobs they quit their bosses
Poor work / home life balance
Limited job duties makes everyday repetitive and slow with no room for advancement unless not in college. Would recommend job for at least 2 years but after that point it’s time to move on/up
The attendance system can penalize you if you need to take extended time off due to an emergency. I was out for over a month after working for the company for 3 years, it I had to jump through a lot of hoops to get the time approved. They automatically move you into more complicated lines of business and the schedules aren't great and always changing every 3 months
When I started at Apple, it was a great place to work - very relaxed and welcoming. The managers I had were creative types who did interesting things after work (musicians, yoga teachers, comic book artists, etc.) and they were supportive and made work a fun place to be. I felt appreciated in the beginning.  Little by little, though, everything became more corporate. A lot of middle manager types were hired who were obsessed with micro-managing and metrics. It didn't matter seem to matter if you worked really hard, did a good job and pleased your customers if you didn't always hit the required metrics (which were often arbitrary and based on things you had no influence over). Towards the end of my time there, I felt very disheartened and unappreciated every day.  There is also very little room for growth at the Austin campus unless you are interested in going into management. If you have skills that your team or department values, but you want to build new skills or move to a new department, management will make it very difficult for you to leave. They are not interested in your personal growth.
Company is too compartmentalized to have a unified culture
I'm honored and regards when have opportunity to became Appleagent. This is the respect for me and the honored for the Asian Vietnamese like am I. Thanks and regards
I see it as a career booster/starter career to open up other opportunities to others either within or outside of the company. Apple retail compensation may be ‘considered’ competitive in each market to the company but most companies in AMERICA need to improve imo. 45-50k minimum a year should be a starting compensation package not 30-35k for the technical expertise and efforts required for the high amount of traffic coming into the store.
Promotions only go to certain personality types. Boring work. Exhausting to receive employee recognition surrounded by obvious (insincere) over-achievers. Random hours. Global leadership completely out of touch with customer and employee experience.
Leadership was not that great. They didn't take feedback very well and were not open to trying new things. Leadership could never be found and would often have to radio several times before a response was given. There didn't seem to be a lot of room for opportunity within the store. in the 10+ years they have been open, they just had their first individual on a CE.
Work schedule is tough sometimes but work life balance is top of mind
Unfortunately, it was a political environment for Manager level and above. They spent a lot of time judging leader performance and spent little time on actual support and individual development
It's retail - and on top of that it's tech support - some customers are extraordinarily difficult and draining, best not to take things personally.
the hours can be grueling
Work in silos. A lot of secrecy in the big picture
They ask a lot of their employees, but very understandably so. You're dealing with people's finances and extensions of their lives. It's sometimes high stakes, but very understandably so.
Hires bad Leadership from failing companies like Target, Walmart, Best Buy, etc.
Depending on the store you work at you might have amazing managers or horrible managers. In my case I worked at a store that managers only cared about selling product and not the customer. It was a toxic environment where no one enjoyed coming to work and the only way to move up was showing them how many more phones you could sell than the person on your right.
It sometimes wasn't so great
work-life balance while getting better is still pretty bad
Global scale requires adjustments to time zones and flexibility with work/life integration.
A LOT of internal politics, Secretive culture, Compensation could be better, No free food (only dinners from 7-8pm)
Often unrealistic expectations, entitled customers, not much schedule flexibility, emotional labor, superfluous meetings
Lots of work and late nights
Scheduling could have been simpler
micro management at its best
Sometimes management needs to be your boss first and not your friend.
Evening shift hours for retail employees.
Amount of workload is too high
Upward mobility in career development
Very little opportunity for career growth or job advancement. After nearly ten years with the company, I was terminated for an easy mistake.
Once reached T2 ,there is close to no further advancement. VERY VERY VERY Stressful in iOS T2. Way to much responsibilities and the pay doesn't match
The job can be quite demanding
Long hours and angry customers
No actual company culture Skimped on perks for Employees (unless at Apple HQ) Does not encourage individual thinking
Work life balance needs review.
Nothing bad to say about it.
Work life balance needs be carefully worked out. It will take a couple of years to find the right way to manage the work and life. Be patient!
Time management can be tricky.
Management is rarely hired from within so you get a leadership team who don't know what they are doing. Micromanagement from a select few managers.
Lack of development, misaligned management
not a lot career opportunities to develop
Very little room for development. A lot of favoritism. Unfair pay. Be aware that number of hours available fluctuates with retail seasonal.
- typical retail politics - lackluster management
Limited upward mobility for contractors
A lot of time getting berated by self-righteous Alpha-moms and greedy, entitled people
Say one thing but expect another Freezing sales floor Work on holidays Limited room to move up
seniority, competition for positions, may get overlooked as an employee if the store is too large
Low pay, difficult scheduling, micromanagement at times.
No downside in my experience
super high expectations, sometimes hard to meet
Retail hours and lack of focus at times.
It is still a retail position
Lack of work life balance, no perks.
none none none none none
I don't have any cons about the company
customer service jobs are hit or miss. this was a miss
- Learning the App Store guidelines has a steep learning curve. - Lack of communication across all teams and levels. Ideas get lost into the abyss. Messages are always misunderstood. - No transparency with any business and operational changes. App reviewers are never told how or why management came up with the "solutions". We are only told to act upon the decisions that have been made. - Lack of devices = sharing devices. This is APPLE! Jeez. - Rely on many many many many many tools. - Tools are frequently broken which prevents us from reaching our goal on a consistent basis. App Reviewers pays the price because we have to work overtime to catch up to our goals. - We have to work mandatory weekends on very short notices. - Lack of work/life balance easily burns us out. - Supporting teams are apathetic towards operational needs. - Lack of Apple and team spirit - Lack of recognition and personal accomplishments - Managers don't know how to motivate and galvanize the team. They themselves look lost. Some of them sit in their offices all day. - Management has stated that there is no career growth in this department. - No work from home. - This is a very large team. We have a very small restrooms. - If one person gets sick, many people get sick.
Very hierarchical and top-down command and control culture Provincial and proprietary approach to tech, with very little knowledge sharing Culture of confidentiality and not-invented-here syndrome can be stifling Products and launch schedules are frequently put before families and people
Nothing really comes to mind. Retail can, of course, be trying at times but it is overall a fantastic place to be.
I worked at three stores across the country, the store in Chicago and incompetent management that didn't listen.  Not sure if it was just the poor management team I had later on, but despite the great values of the company they can be thrown to the side when they're no longer convenient
customer service for the known free world
Prefer to hire versus promote current employees.
Very little room for movement incredibly boring customers are entitled
Few opportunities to grow, hard to stand out. Repetitive work, so you should always keep yourself motivated. But I like it
-Sometimes it would get way too busy for staff to handle and managers didn't care
Very minimal work/life balance. Considering I was a student at the time, it was hard to work a nine hour shift on a weekend and still stay caught up with school work and make time to be social (just an example). I was part-time and I pretty much worked every single day I indicated availability for. Many full-time employees don't notice it, but for part-timers, it can be hard to balance a few different things when one weights so much more. Also, being that it is a retail store, you will also have to deal with irate/difficult customers on different occasions, especially if you break some bad news to them about their device. But, customer interaction aside, I feel that the minimal work/life balance hindered me from being a well-rounded student/friend/employee, and eventually caused my final decision to depart the company and pursue other routes.
Can be tough at times to move into a position of interest of you don't remain consistent with management on your interest. This can lead to being burned out in your current position.
In order to live in Silicon Valley where you can raise a family, it is extremely expensive. I had to live a 2-hour commute (each way) away from Sunnyvale in order to own a good house in a good school district. As a high contributor in my group, I made a substantial amount of money, but it was not enough to live close to work. Living in Silicon Valley is not a problem unique to Apple, but that's the biggest pain point that I had. I willingly gave up many evenings and weekends for Apple because I loved working there and I was 100% behind the mission of contributing to the building of Apple's wonderful products in my area of expertise.
I personally have nothing bad to say about this company. They are the most 'real' people not just corporate employees who don't care about others.
I honestly can't say that Apple has anything that I would want to change. For people that want consistency... this isn't the job for you.
Overworked Competitiveness Corporate culture Back door opportunities Medical copay
the job can grind on you if you don't have the right personality
Impossible to move to Corporate. Worked a lot longer hours than others based on need.
Work hours, sometimes managers are stuck up
High stress job, Long hours
Sometimes it is hard to find a work life balance
Limited opportunities to transition to corporate
Retail hours so your schedule isn't always consistent.
Very messy and unorganised place. Terrible work envirmont. Always treat you bad. friendship and sucking up is your only way up.
Working from home full-time is something that can be isolating occasionally. As a deeply connection driven person, lacking the in person coworker experience is something I missed.
Pressure, Work, and Life Balance, Stagnation
Its not what you know its who you know, I would give it a 5 stars but thats the only big issue really from my experience.
Despite all of the hype, Apple retail is just that, a retail job. Corporate makes promises and dictates rules, and you do what the iPad tell you.
Just another call center job, with all the negatives associated with it.
Long shifts in a stationary position and customer interaction isn't always pleasant.
no Cons. Everything can not be better as a company
-Retail hours/life -Low Pay -Exhausting (mentally and physically)
The drive from home to work is long especially with traffic. And well some people in upper management aren’t leaders just authority. SO BE MORE CAREFUL WHEN HIRING OR PROMOTING. LETS NOT FORGET OUR VALUES!
Schedule is chosen for you in the summer if you don't take classes Calls can be a drag
Working retail is never fun.
Some internal politics can affect the overall productivity of the team.
Burn out is real There has been and continues to be ZERO work like balance- this is something that has been well known for years and yet very little has been done to adjust for this.  The days are long and the work is emotionally, physically and mentally exhausting. If you are passionate about the work you do, you will experience stress and anxiety like no other  The people you work with are some of the brightest most passionate individuals you’ll ever meet, and retail can feel like there’s an obvious ceiling over your head.
Customers are very difficult. Some managers are not best.
Still working with the public. Working in customer service is not for the weak...
no window computers or phones
The company likes to keep teams too lean.
The culture of secrets can get in the way
Schedules are based on the needs and you can work many days straight.
Tough job providing phone support but worth the challenge!
You're constantly being asked to go above and beyond your normal 40 hours because they are too cheap to hire more employees to support their products. So they pay you an entry level salary but offer a lot of overtime.
Talking on the phone entire shift, documentation of every case. Very little face to face interaction. Hard to move forward in your career
hours and excessively "type a" people
Long hour of working, limited benefit and allowance compared to other departments
Terrible pay for the amount of work and certifications Genius Bar employees have. Apple Retail and Apple Corporate are like two totally separate entities, and Apple Corporate seems unsure what direction it wants to take its retail stores.
no work life balance at all, does not offer part time
Many. Lots of internal politics and bureaucracy. Senior sales management more focused on sales process vs the client. Ironically Steve Jobs’ warning to other companies of a “bozo explosion” is happening at the very company he founded.
Long hours are quite common.
They promise you so many opportunities but they are not as probable as you would like. Management can show favoritism. You need to "fit in" with the culture there to feel successful.
crazy customers who feel entitled
- salary is somewhat below market, and they will work you to death. - difficult to move up or even laterally
nothing to complain about, had a great experience.
Managers do play favoritism and you have to be full time to be able to do career experiences at coporate.
Compensation could be higher The ability to move up into a higher role can be challenging
From store to store there can be a lack of clarity on the development of employees.
Retail branch working schedule is not a monday to friday type.
- Management - Useless people - No work life balance because for assistant director. - Job will get you nowhere as you get no valuable experience. - Management hire friends for management and micromanage - Some in management think they are drill sergeants. - Close to no flexibility in hours. - Useless people get promoted (if you brown nose - as another review said correctly) - raises are a joke and doesn’t keep up with actual inflation so staying in this job you will be losing money.
very challenging work environment
big company you don't get as much work
Limited opportunities for growth No focus on training and employee development
Hard to move up in the company, store managers can spend up to 10 years in the company before making management status (some 10-year employees are still in the same positions they started in)
None at all. All good things from me.
-none I can think of
high stress, a lot of last min asks to handle
only downside is favoritism between certain managers
nothing really i don't have anything to write here
As with every company with strong International ties, travel and odd-hour phone calls are frequent.
THE worst managers and leaders of my career
Sadly my store was biased towards woman, agest and treated part timers like they where lower class.
Employees are always an after-thought. It's all about the Apple brand. Very little information to employees, it's all about the external perception. Terrible internal communications. Managers are known to instruct employees not to ask questions at company meetings, for fear of repercussion. Industrial-era management practices.
Management is not always the most supportive or genuine,
Very limited growth opportunities. If you're someone who is comfortable doing the same thing every day for years, then this might not be a problem for you. If you're interested in learning new and different things, however, there's only so far you can get in a retail store. Unless you want to be a manager, things become very stagnant after a while.
Poor Leadership Development and upward mobility
Ageism. Nepotism. Internal chaos and competition.
With every great job comes the downsides of allowing yourself to become complacent. However, that more subjective to the person.
stress no career growth not enough stocks
Retail job + bad management = terrible time. Does not matter your track record, or experience, if you are not in a position to make your managers look good, no promotions.
Incompetence of management Pay Hours Arrogance of management Lack of accountability Lack of meritocracy
Holidays are blocked Queues are impossibly long
work and life balance
Limited promotion opportunities , retail hours. That’s it, not much to complain here. 20 words? really got me digging deep here.
Very liberal environment Managers and coworkers always making negative comments about President and conservatives Even Tim Cook sends company-wide emails about him trying to convince trump to change his mind on certain things Very hard to move up the totem pole. Genius spot was for people who completely accept Apple as a way of life. Coworkers were Way too serious about their “passion” for Apple. Only the most Apple-hypnotized would be promoted. Had to work every weekend always.
Inconsistent information regarding policies, low pay raises, lots of lateral movement but not much vertical
No work life balance. High stress
Racist policies. But like most tech companies, blacks are not deemed a good "cultural fit".
Can have a high work load.
your experience can vary by store
- Retail ours with little flexibility - Constant reminder you are not a corporate employee - Management does not help you grow even though that’s what they sell you on - Clique culture
There is not a lot of opportunity to grow within the company at the retail level
Vertical movement is political not merit Oppressive social justice culture
Limited access to management for addressing e mediate issues in real- time
information is parceled and it's tough to see the big picture
Sometimes the customers come in upset, especially if it's a longer wait time to be seen
I've worked collectively at Apple for over 14 years. When I first started working at Apple, Inc. the group I was in was highly collaborative with many growth opportunities. The group I was with was a complete nightmare. These are the top issues.  1. Severe harassment of employees that was encouraged by upper management. Apple is not a diverse and inclusive place. My manager, who was a female, believed that women who had children should not be allowed to work at Apple. She complained to women in my group and to management that "breeders" destroyed the culture at Apple. She told me that she will only hire young men and she has held to that promise, she hired three young men. She said she would never hire another breeding female. Her behavior is known by HR and management and encouraged. When my coworker had to drive her sick kid to the doctor she was furious, she said when she was a kid she rode her bike to the doctor and she didn't understand why we had to drive our kids to the doctor. When I was out for two days with the influenza A virus (only two days were missed) she required that I send a positive test result (which I did because I didn't realize it was illegal) to get the two days of sick time approved. My manager also spoke out against larger size people in public spaces. Calling people, including me fat and saying fat people are lazy and shouldn't work at Apple. After working almost 10 consecutive weeks without a break I ended up in the ER with a heart arrhythmia. I was told by my manager that people with my heart condition should not be allowed to work at Apple and that I should leave. I only missed one WEEKEND of work because I was in the ER. My manager also had a policy that if we were sick we had to publicly email everyone about our sick leave and the nature of the illness. Talk about embarrassing. Thankfully HR did stop her from doing this. Also my manager and Apple in general is strongly agist. I've been a part of interviews where hiring managers would pass by older (in 40s) candidates based solely on age. There were also snide comments and decisions made about clothing choices (too nicely dressed) of people interviewing. Myself and many others were repeatedly called stupid, it was humiliating. I have 13 years of engineering with graduate degree. If she found your work to not be of value, you were called stupid and publicly and privately humiliated. One of my coworkers use to go to her car at lunch every day and cry. They eventually drove her out and forced her to retire.  2. Speaking out is strongly discouraged and if you're brave enough to speak up about the toxic culture your career at Apple will be destroyed, even if you have HR involvement. HR promised me there would be no retribution for speaking up, they lied. My breaking point is when my manager threatened to fire me because I wouldn't give up the name of the person who heard her talking about me and others as being fat. After years of harassment I went to HR for help. After an extensive HR investigation nothing was done, at least nothing I could see from my end. Her treatment of me and my team members got worse. Her reputation of being a lethal bully transcended our group and organization. Her own husband admitted to my friend she would be a nightmare to work for. The end result of the HR investigation was my career at Apple, with the help of HR, being destroyed. Speaking up has destroyed many people within the organization.  3. Promoting people to management position that have no idea how to manage or even interact with other humans. Just because someone is a good engineer doesn't mean they can be a good leader.  4. No opportunity for growth or even transfer within in Apple. There are some organizations, mine was like this, they took complete offense if you asked to transfer. I wanted to learn how to automate, learn new skills and take on more responsibility. I was told that I was to stick to what I was doing and I would be nothing more than that. When I first asked for support to transfer I was told I was not allowed to transfer. When I interviewed with other groups, who were very excited to have me working with them, I was blocked by my manager. If you want to grow or transfer, it will not happen.  5. Women are payed significantly less than the male coworker doing the same work. For example I had almost 14 years of experience at Apple, had managed and had multiple degrees. A male new hire who was new to this kind of engineering work (recent grad) was paid $25k more than I was making. My other male coworkers (who had much less experience) made significantly more than I and the other women did.  6. Apple will work you to death, literally, with no remorse. People are fodder for the engine that makes Apple billions. The working hours are brutal. Families are destroyed. Employees burn out, have breakdowns, health issues, some have even committed suicide (shot himself in the head in a meeting room). This is true for every group I've worked at Apple. There were many nights of sleeping under the desk, when you get a chance. I once had 10 weeks in a row with no weekend break. There was one week that I never got to see my kids at all. When the weather became horrible in California I was trapped by roads that had washed out. I was told to leave my children at home (alone) and get a hotel (which cost more per day than I made) next to work. Because I refused to leave my kids at home for the 2 days I missed, I was called out in my review for not getting a hotel. Can you imagine? The stuff that happened in China and Apple was not surprising given how they treat their US employees.
Lack of experienced and inspirational management. False or slow preogression from documented career path.
There isn't much flexibility in your schedule. You have to work a minimum of 20 hours/week with three 4 hour shifts and one 8 hour shift on Saturday/Sunday. That's where things get kinda sucky. Most of your 4 hour shifts will be either right before or right after class. And then of course, no one wants to spend all day on a Saturday or Sunday in their room answering calls from disgruntled customers
It’s extremely busy all the time
management could be a lot better
the work is not interesting
Very stressful at the Genius Bar. Promotions are given to people who are better at politics, not necessarily better at their jobs.
Store manager was always away from the store and was therefore unaware generally of what was going on, even during the busy holiday season. No room for promotion or full-time opportunities.
Working with the public is a mixed bag, advancement largely depends on people above you leaving
Poor upper management. No career growth. Department has no vision. Hard to move up in role. Management doesn’t know what they are doing.
Horrible judgement in selecting management staff at the individual store level. It is true when people say that employees leave their managers not companies. Highly unqualified and unethical assistant managers. I have seen my share or great managers but they need a better vetting process. When we spend the majority of our days at a job, its not possible to continue to work everyday with unqualified peers and bosses.
no career growth , mgt only cares about project execution
It’s very competitive so while you can still move up it can be pretty annoying,
No pay change for a year and hope to get on by apple.
Working with US and Asia you rarely feel that you are offline, expensive cost of living without all of the other tech companies' perks.
They hire the best for retail, and then treat them like low-level retail.
-work/life balance -management -90% of customers are horrible -Flaunt of favoritism -lazy coworkers -on-floor communication -lack of resources -overly competitive -nonsensical policies (color of undershirt. cant have keys latched to beltloop, etc.) -not allowed to accept tips. who doesnt allow tips? whats this the NCAA? -Company no longer promotes individuality
A lot of pressure and expectations
Advancement Heavily numbers based, although company says opposite.
People felt entitled for things they didn't earn.
- Slight brainwashing/ cult-y team environment - You'll often do work that is more advanced for your role but won't get paid accordingly (this is disguised as a way to climb up the ladder but very few actually move up) - FAVORITISM-- if you don't drink the Apple juice, you won't move up - Product training is very poor
Micromanage, lack of trust, talk about NDA's ALL THE TIME, no life balance, lack of leadership, tons of politics and gossip within teams. Learned that all people here are just working mainly for benefits.
-no paid time off for part timers -no room for advancement unless you are free almost everyday to work (even if you’re part time they want you free all the time if you want a promotion) -customers can be rude -management may not communicate efficiently
You can only know about things on a strictly need to know basis
Dealing with Ambiguity, difficult to advance to different departments. Lot of tenure in education sales, with most reps working 15-20+ years same position.
None, enjoyed my time there
Poor training, some evident favoritism in promotions and hires, not a lot of growth from retail into corporate and the pay scale is less than it should be considering the work, but not entirely unfair considering the benefits. Also a lack of work life balance
Unrealistic expectations from employee measurements. The larger the store is the less it feels like a family. Employees in the genius bar are meant to focus on building a relationship with the customer but also keep the appointment sessions to about 10-15 minutes on average while also talking about: Today at Apple sessions, our business team, we are encouraged to slow down but at the same time are pushed to speed up all while trying to probe the customer so that we can figure out how to solve the issue brought in today. Managers bend to many customers who act childish and demand that they get their way but for a father who brings in their child's iPad that just won't power on anymore and they're less than a week past warranty they say, "Well, it's out of warranty so they have to pay." Seriously? Then that makes the employee look like the jerk because they have to relay the bad news. Their employee rating tool is very flawed. Customers receive surveys asking how they're experience was. One rating the actual person they worked with and the other side of the survey pertains to their overall store experience outside of working with their technician. Even if they like who they worked with but didn't like the wait time or something else, then they will give a lower rating out of 5 stars and anything below 5 is a negative on the employee. Co-workers didn't go the extra mile for the customers (activations on replacement phones, making sure things transfer completely etc.) and I found myself having to clean up after their missteps. The company rolled out software that slowed down peoples phone once they're battery degraded passed a certain use and told no one, not even the employees. so for so long we would say " oh it must be the software, let's restore your phone." and this entire time we were giving them wrong information and we did even know it. Now there are quality programs for free or highly discounted repairs. Customers treat us like a doormat and although we were paid well, we weren't paid well enough for the things that we had to go through by being the "face of the company." Often people spit in that very face.
terrible hours and must work through holidays
lack of career development, too much politics between teams
demanding and fast pace but rewarding
customers complain a lot, but its not unbearable
Workload can be staggering, especially if things go wrong, as teams are surprisingly small. Lots of calls with Asia around dinner time.
The company hasn't been very innovative since the days of Steve Jobs.
The people or managers - it’s luck of the draw. If your managers don’t know how to help you with your career path within Apple (but outside of Apple retail) you might end up hitting a wall and lose engagement.  Retail - enough said.
Dead end job, no upward mobility.
Retail, dealing with customers who don't quite understand how to properly use products so you get blamed.
Standing up all day, customers are sometimes crazy and demanding. Hours are all over the place, different shifts every day.
If you're not the yes man they won't advance you or offer you promotions, you'll sit stagnate for a long time
No downtime, back to-back calls. Generally rude and difficult customers that ask advisors to do ridiculous things like organize their photos, clear up their hard drive for them, and issue new phones for dropping theirs. Few opportunities for advancement, you would have to last as a peon for multiple years and network with the right people for any hope of promotion.
You sell your life to the company. The expectation is that you will work all hours and will travel at a moments notice. The management views its people as all replaceable, and they see you as expendable. The obsession with cost is also tiring, and makes it difficult to develop good supplier relationships.
Apple talks big about internal growth and development but when it comes down to it, you can move as high as Expert or Pro positions and then your career is topped out . They seek management from other retailers like Target and Gap. The pay raises don’t account for cost of living increases, just your standard 3-5% increase annually. Which is poor when you have an hourly wage.
Virtually none. The only thing your weekends will be busy.
It is a big company so things can be slow Due to the secretive nature of Apple we can discuss the things we are working on to friends, spouses, or on social media. Can’t contribute to the open source community or speak at conferences.
no work life balance. very bad work environment. extremely bad management style. Management has no respect for employees.
Hated the hours. Wished I could have a job with a better schedule while working here. Wish my opinion mattered
None. There will always be difficulties and challenges with any job, but its how you deal with them.
I haven’t noticed any cons so far
- It can take a bit of time to move up the ladder in the AHA environment.
Lacking in original creative / entrepreneurial people
Direction from management is not always the best. Communication between department is lacking to the point that it causes issues between those departments.
if you are an employee you are NOT allowed to do an exchange after 14 days
Things change a lot within the company, so if you aren't comfortable with ambiguity you will flounder here.
I have no cons besides having to stand all day on the floor, but that's part of the job.
Bay area is not a great place to live, with a high cost of living + overpopulated
You will probably start part time. Pay and benefits help to supplement part time hours, and moving up to full time isn’t that difficult.
Leadership has a tendency to micromanage and drive employe turnover. Really hard to move up. Moving up is most likely taking on a role with more work and responsibilities without pay increase
It is part time. Do not expect more than 30hrs a week. You’re in charge of training, communicating, being the middle man between Apple and their partner store with no actual managerial influence. You influence by example which isn’t a bad thing it can just be difficult for some.
I dont have any yet
Retail hours micromanaged LOW pay for the expected work Once you reach Genius, there's NO room for advancement People are being put in technical positions just because they have been there awhile, or are friends with management. Training for new technicians is done "remotely" and consists of them self training in front of a computer for a week. ZERO Hands on experience before touching customer devices.
Lot of unfriendly people, hard to work with them. Always try to undermine you. Learn to treat all people with respect. You are just working fir a company
Growth opportunities are very slim Not really a feedback culture Mangers play favorites
Genius lead should be technician as well
I can't think of any cons.
I'm not a fan of working weekends and they are mandatory
Sometimes the expectations become unrealistic. The job can also get very political and if your not in the in-crowd your career can be halted.
None at all very good
everything else: people will work with will make your life miserable
Working weekends can be degrading at times
Male dominated , Hard to advance ranks, Deal with rude people often
- Not that flexible - A lot of micro-management - Managers often don't know as much as specialists.
Hard to be taken seriously if you are over 50. Take a look around the store and see how many hipsters you see and how many specialists are "grownups".
Lack of innovation as of late
*Minimum growth/opportunity *Not many paid holidays
Competitive Work you to the bone
Can get boring as it is retail, and there is a lot of in fighting and favoritism, but if you're ambitious and hardworking then you can grow here.
Always busy, lots of work, not worth the pay
No fast track for promotions, lots of politics, work on holidays and lotto system for hours
This job is what you make of it and of course there are good days and bad days but in terms of what Apple does there are no cons.
There is no life balance in some teams. The team I was in - everyone worked nights from home and weekends from home. In Monday staff meeting all you listened to was what problem people solved on their free time over the weekend. If you want to live to work by all means.  Apple has high internal security. Some employees are cleared with a RED badge and live behind walled areas which other employees and consultants can't access.  You can't talk to other employees about what you are working on. Period.  You need to do exactly as you are told with no questions.  When something needs done - it needs to be executed precisely and on the day as requested. Or your job as a consultant could be in jeopardy.  Internal politics were as there is only one right way to do something and yet your boss and his boss "The Director" have differing needs - can land you in trouble as you need to decide to please one or the other. I chose the Director. Mistake.  You will probably be required to work at home on weekends and at night. This is not something I want to do week after week and month after month.  Know that you will be pushed to your limits and expected to assimilate any instructions instantly.  Hint - use your iphone to take pictures (notes) of difficult instructions.  Apple is what it is.  If you are in the IT section of Apple you will have to follow orders exactly. I have never worked in a creative job at Apple. Probably would be wonderful.
Management lacks action in the store, whereas at other Apple stores I had visited, they seemed very hands on.
While working for the most powerful companies in the world, there is a struggle of up keeping a healthy work-life balance.
There was not a thing I would have changed
The company is worth a lot of money, but that doesn't mean they pay like one.
Not very strong in planning out in advance procedures and expectations of releases and bigger events
Terrible work/life balance, like any retail/food service/hospitality job. A lot of the downsides of working in Retail with the added pressure of needing to keep up on a huge amount of product/technical knowledge with little to no time allocated to do so. Crazy schedules, can't have a social life really, frequently work and personal life becomes very blurry because it is difficult to spend time with people who have "normal" jobs. As you might expect, customers are rude, stupid, cruel, or all three, all the time.
No cons at all great
It's very competitive, and not being at the top of staff ranks usually could mean a less desired shift as for many front-line roles, schedules are changed quarterly in which your staff rank determines your place in line in a "shift bid." So with a late shift, sitting at your desk all day in a cube farm-type setting, plus having your doctor and food on campus, it can feel like you're living at work sometimes. Especially for those unfortunate soles who work the weekends where the campus is basically closed. With it being such a large company, it's difficult to sometimes find out who to talk to for things like benefits and compensation. Despite leading in performance and extracurricular contributions, your annual raise might barely be a few percentage points above the typical inflation rate.
This job can be soul-sucking if you let people get to you. You will have difficult days and interactions. If you're a person that cant handle stress stay away!
Cult environment, favoritism and no recognition to loyalty. They gave me a plastic framed letter for my 5 years. Seniority means nothing here. Discounts are not so great, also even if you work at the store you have to make a line to get an iphone x.
cross functional collaboration and hierarchy in department could get political
one can only work under a management for so long
I haven't had many cons that would be Apple's doing.
not many cons at all. we take advantage of the big business
Very hierarchical. Working six or seven days per week. Mgmt. .
I get only 10 free shares of stock a year. I'd like more :)
If you're having difficulty performing because of personal issues, you're pretty you feel pretty helpless and overwhelmed by expectations.
Lots of management, ideas and/or plans get lost in translation.
The work can be very busy and stressful. Sometimes there is friction within the team. Not a lot of opportunities to move up.
Not the most considerate management staff, scheduling is a nightmare, discount is pretty much only 15-25% off.
1. Unreasonable customers. 2. The hourly wage should be higher.
sometimes had to work hours didn't want to
Hard to find work and life balance.
No upward mobility. Managers don’t know what there doing because they are hired from outside the company. No set schedule. Must be available from 7am- 1130pm.
pay, management, no upward mobility, no diversity although they say they are. no roles for women, boys network
Dealing with the public can be difficult at times, comes with the job. Weekend open availability is a must. Hours scheduled vary upon customer traffic.
Apple as a company is a place that makes sure they can do anything possible to move you forward. The management become family and friends. The job becomes a lifestyle.
The store can feel chaotic in the Product Zone with customers getting frustrated when they don't get immediate attention. Some of the colleagues are very self absorbed and not terribly easy to approach for help if you're a newbie. Can be exhausting standing all day and dealing sometimes with irate customers.
Nothing much to share here
Managers can be demanding and selling apple devices can get boring, repair seems more fun.
Limited opportunities to move to leadership positions. It’s still retail so schedules can be challenging. Promotions are not always based on merit.
Lack of advancement opportunities. Management in AppleCare isn't consistent and they have people in management that shouldn't be in a leadership role. Benefits aren't as good as they were when Steve Jobs was at the helm, but they are still better than most companies. Pay isn't great for a major market.
You have to work VERY hard to move up
No Cons at all at work
Tool support is laughably bad for a company of this age and size. A lot of stuff is still being done the same way it was when iOS was a couple hundred employees, and it just doesn't work well at the current scale. Different organizations within Apple are very different depending on the VP/SVP at the top- some are much better to work in than others.
Low rate, Micro Management Very rude managers
Stressful and hard on your body, at times. It's difficult to move up to different positions in the store, and they typically start everyone at the same entry-level role (in sales).
- Constant pressure to do better than what was previously expected as exceeding expectations
Few options available for those interested in rising within the company.
Fitting it in with my time scheduleBut I can manage because Apple is awesome I would be honored to work there
All about pushing AppleCare, NPS system is broken.
Bad management, treated the team like children. Micro managed. Low salary. Once you get to genius level no real room for advancement.
Work life balance takes a hit.
Takes networking to move up
Be patient (very stressful environment dealing with some rude customers )
It's not bad. I recommend.
I do not know any cons
only part time, not even money
Work shifts are all over the place (8-5 to 2-11). A small amount of customers have absurd expectations.
The retail store environment is incredibly aggressive, all the time. The customers are angry and entitled and Apple hires us to pacify them and get walked on with a smile. It’s none stop. The creative position has straight up turned into a sales roles and the higher ups are out of touch with the needs of their individual stores. The pay isn’t worth the abuse.
customers attitude were sometimes bad
nature of schedule impedes good work/life balance
In the end it is a retail lifestyle.
long working hours if you are early in career
Absolutely None. This company is every bit as amazing as everything thinks it is from the outside looking in!
Hard to switch jobs internally within company.
You work long hours sometimes
Talking to customers all day long can sometimes be difficult to handle.
Nothing to report in here
Work life balance, training, expectations for new hires
Low salary and highly confidential
Poor management and no respect
Can be grueling through the product release cycles
As with any company, not all work is purely inspirational and awesome. Eventually there will be monotonous drudge work. Eventually there will be politics and they may not play to you. This is to be expected with any company, especially a large company. Part of the magic of apple is that there are many autonomous groups. Your experience at Apple will depend largely on which group you find yourself in. There are great groups, and there are not-so-great groups. You may or may not find all of the bad situations you may imagine or have encountered elsewhere within these groups. You may not have much recourse against it, short of risky politics of going over your boss. HR typically does not engage in low level politics and primarily exists to protect the company from lawsuits (as with any large company).
-None, I have no complaints.
a little bit busy work
Management of App Review is a complete joke. ZERO work/life. They would chain you to your desk if it was legal. This place is a joke.  DO.NOT.WORK.HERE.  Don’t walk, RUN!
Wish specialists would be paid more and there was more way to move up/around the company
The managers get in their own way. Things are HIGHLY political. They will dangle the carrot of promotion in front of you and then just promote the people they like. It really is a favorites game. There are plenty of employees who are obviously incompetent that get promoted because they can talk the talk, even though they can't walk the walk. It is honestly really sad. As long as you make an appearance of doing work you are gold. "Experts" will often time have "meetings" in front of the store to appear like they are trying to "develop" other associates just so they can appear to management like they care. In reality the conversations are all talk and nothing happens.  My advice to new associates: kiss up to all of the managers and you will make full-time and then advance in no time.  Griping aside, navigating this made me able to dealt with any political environment I faced in the office.
I have nothing I do not like there. It's great
Extremely hard to move up in positions.
If there are an "cons", they are so negligible as to be not worth mentioning.
No cons at all great place to work
Living in Silicon Valley, different names/classifications for job tiers or pay grades
stressful, no mentorship, no work life balance
Definitely a retail position
-- good management varies store by store
It’s a Retail setting, so the work is somewhat introductory, repetitive, it’s hard to find enough time to advance my skills unless I am researching and answering a customer’s query.
Some customers really shouldn't own computers...
it can get really busy and hectic sometimes, and they dont give you bonuses or commission
The commute to Cupertino is horrible. Parking can be improved.
Taking time off is a hastle
work life balance is not the best
Stressful environment not meant for everyone, can get very overwhelming quickly. Customers can be your best friend or your worst nightmare.
Many of the roles force you to learn very quickly and adapt to change quickly.
There his nothing that I have personally experienced that is worthy of listing as a Con.
It's retail. At the end of the day, it's still just retail. Which is fine if you don't care about spending holidays with your family and friends.
Like a pie eating contest where the reward for winning is more pie.
Great company to work for. No cons
Honestly disregarding the given cons for working retail there isn't a lot to complain about.
Extended hours, working during offshore times.
Sometimes you have to deal with snobby customers
not much, its fine for me
- poor work life balance - difficult to deal with people - people look for scape goats
Hours. work/life is messed up.
No cons that I can think of.
Exceptionally awful traffic, difficult to balance work-personal life due to hours and OT requirements
i mean it is retail
the atuall job itself can be quite depressing after having customers complaining to you all day.
Retail jobs have their challenges, and Apple is no exception to that.
No Control over schedule, working holidays and weekends without the ability to swap days/shifts easily with co-workers
metric based job repetitive work constantly talking to customers
Some managers like to micromanage and/or aren't good at their jobs...but those don't usually last long.
noisy street noisy cars boo
Working retail hours is very draining after a few years.
The commute from Aptos became much too long and tedious -- couldn't spend enough time with my kids.
No room for growth Value Employees
Don't get to pick hours or days Mandatory Overtime
lack of life and work balance
None that I can speak off
My leadership team could use some working on, but Apple tries to do well by its employees.
As much as I applaud the accessibility of their items for the customers they serve, do not become handicapped yourself while employed by Apple because you will become the Milton Waddams (if anyone has seen Office Space) of getting squeezed out into oblivion. And they’ll do it in such a way that they’ll make it look like it’s your fault and you’ll thank them.
Kool-aid drinking -- Apple speaks to thinking outside the box. Being innovative. Being creative. They don't allow for any actual creativity. Something is always controlled, even if so slightly. Being a contrarian here, the kind of person that actually would challenge your peers to be better, is frowned upon. Being different isn't beloved here, being the same kind of "different" (actually completely the same, over and over) is.  Monthly/Bi-Monthly food can often be actually pretty disgusting. You'll find one small plate that you'll like and reccomend that same plate to everyone. Who am I to really complain about free food though, right? Except when I look at start-ups and other large companies that make Apple pale in comparison.  Social circle supporting, as someone who has seen the good and bad side of leadership, the contrast from being in favor to not is astounding.  Attempt at listening to employees happiness and feedback falls INcredibly short and is dependent on your being in favor. Leadership claims to have open doors, but employees have been chastized for going over their direct supervisor and upper leadership is very dismissive to anyone they do not care for. This is not open doors. This is a front. It's common word to "pick your battles".  Leadership openly talks trash about their direct reports to other people on the same level and below them. It is incredibly inappropriate.  There is NO equal opportunity here, but there IS a facade that there is. It's unreal. I'm speaking on behalf of several people who work hard who may not be a) outspoken or b) a brown noser. These few are completely passed over for the same handful of people that make friends with leadership on insincere terms.  The overall decor of Apple feels sterile and unwelcoming - and not at all creative/innovative/anything Apple is supposed to stand for! They paint the walls white each month so the stench of paint fills the halls. Each month you feel like the walls are closing in on you, layer by layer.
Secrecy culture gets in the way of getting good work done. Way too much politics, misuse of power, weak HR, no focus on succession planning. No acknowledgment of great work and only select few get appreciated for what are actually team achievements
They are so friendly and genuine.
Poor training, workplace attitude/culture, disrespectful upper management.
strict limit on workable hours,
Honestly I have not had any negative experiences
- Too many teams/departments doing things their own way and not adhering to corporate structure. - Many newer employees lack the Apple culture and don’t even care. - Hourly employees don’t make a decent wage unless they put in loads of overtime. They also don’t get amazing raises/bonuses/RSUs like salaried employees do.
You have to be the best you can be every day and sometimes that can be tiring. It is intensive, which I personally like. This is how to make fellow employees proud to work at your organization.
long work hours and a lot of dedicastion
- retail hours/holiday schedule - being on feet entire day
No cons other than it being retail.
Crazy Hours but great benefits
Hard to stand out amongst so many other employees, especially in work from home environment
Pay, attendance policies, awful taxes
Sometimes tough work culture. Long hours and difficult to maintain work-life balance.
Limited upward mobility and professional growth
Retail side of company requires long hours, difficult customers, low pay
Peak time gets really busy, but hey, its Apple
The cons are definitely gonna be your retail schedule. The plus is that they are very god about working with you.
Hard to have a personal life. Everything becomes "apple" didn't want to tell ppl where I worked.
Work, life, balance are not always easy to juggle. Projects will consume you until the product is ready to ship to the public.
None. Great place to work.
HR can be a little confusing sometimes, so you have to be proactive.
Retail hours can get quite exhausting at times.
The worst company I have ever worked for. Maybe if you work with with their core business in hardware this may still be the company you think it is.  If you are anywhere in the administrative side all I can tell you is run away! They hire very incompetent upper management who create a horrible work culture. It takes you at least 30 days to schedule an appointment with a psychiatrist in Austin and if you ask them why it's because they are full of the Apple employees who are trying not to lose their minds! Even the doctors on campus will admit that they can't believe the amount of employees who suffer chronic stress issues because of the work culture.  My advice is simple, if you have ambition and seek to grow in a successful career, run as far as you can from Apple. If you are a more relaxed person who only cares about getting a paycheck maybe you should consider it.  This is the type of place that makes you regret getting a promotion. Every time you go up the latter you are exposed to more and more incompetence until you want to throw your iMac out the window!  There is no respect for employees, no effort in providing what is needed for the job they ask you to do. Everyone is expected to deal with enormous amounts of ambiguity simply because they don't want to spend the money on clarifying anything. The internal tools are by far the worst I have had to use. Your hair will fall as the system crashes constantly and management refuses to spend the money on decent software. While I was an hourly employee we had to use a software to punch in and out except the tool would always break when you were trying to leave. It still baffles me how a company with as much money as Apple treats their employees as second class citizens compared to their customers.  I regret spending just under 4 years of my career in this madhouse. Bragging rights are not worth it! Keep your barista job along with your sanity.  They also discriminate with Texas employees and offer a crappy version of the healthcare they offer in California. California employees get a much better deal with Kaiser. Texas get crappy healthcare that will leave you owing hundreds every time you actually need to use it.
None. It was the best job I have ever had.
Nights and weekends, can be frantic
hard to get offer, high work load
company retail structure has recently changed to address some of the challenges, such as more customer facing leadership roles.
The positions started to mesh into one. Individuality began to disappear. There were some clear direction from higher ups to kind of level everyone out.
Sitting at your desk answering calls for hours on end can be mentally exhausting over time (3 years in my case).
not many opportunities for vertical growth working the weekends and holidays weekly hours are not guaranteed nor consistent
The store is always freezing. Other than that, its an awesome place to work.
I really can’t think of any cons aside from the fact that it’s retail hours which can be hard for some people.
Lack of efficiency,inconsistency, and also to exhibiting negative attitude towards work.
Bad schedules, nothing else except that
Difficulty squeezing every diagnostics and solution into the same time quota. More training on positioning at On point.
Better opportunities for Management and Handling of advisors who need coaching. Better opportunities for Advisors in promotions.
Retail middle management. The cultural vision of the CEO and Retail president stops at the regional level. Everything below that is just like every other retailer. Favoritism, lack of compassionate leadership, inept HR and non-inspirational leadership is rampant. They take internal employee surveys and have some of the worst scores yet no one looks at middle management. CEO pushes his political agenda via email and those who don't like it stay quiet because of the money they make. HR makes up things as they go. There's no consistent messaging and one person can be written up for something and another can be passed over. I'm surprised there's not been more lawsuits. Sadly even while I was with Apple retail I steered previous peers away from interviewing. I didn't want them to say I didn't tell them.
off site not as appealing as it sounds. Little room for growth. Minimal engagement between TM's and advisors
it was a mess the store wasnt very well organized some employees didnt want to work or greet customers rather they sat in the back and did nothing
-Company still tries to act like a startup -Often you can’t get things done without involving a large number or people or going high up in the chain.
Very specific job roles Poor new manager training programs Poor information sharing between different groups Can be difficult to get visibility with Executives
Always Busy Not a clear growth path
favoritism plagues the company culture
For those who think you’ll move into a corporate job, think again. This is a retail job. The glass ceiling is real. 25% of the time you’ll be left spinning your wheels.
-Your schedule is at the mercy of the needs of the business. Making a somewhat regular schedule means sacrificing weekends or normal business hours.
Fast Paced, work-life balance heavily variable
Pay isn't great. Scheduling can be limiting.
My job is not face to face, which is what I love.
Management needs to keep up with employees and their needs
Unrealistic expectations, no work life balance
The hours are crazy. Most of the time, you’ll never get the same schedule twice. Sometimes I wish there wasn’t so much secrecy and confidentiality within the company too.
odd hours, high expectations, redundant
long hours and many groups/management are very political.
Hard to move up to management
Some employees stay on their jobs for many years, limiting upward mobility. It is hard to find how to get things done, as it is not common to publish job responsibilities internally.
I have no cons really
Stricter scheduling I was switching mangers often and it was draining sometimes Directly speaking to angry/impatient customers can be exhausting at times
Work life balance at times
they do not respect lower level people at all
too strict,i think that is all, i like apple ,that is why i am in here.
Working with the public can be exhausting, at the retail level.
low raises, working holidays, high pressure. high standards they want me to add more words so here i am typing more stuff out. lame
Anything and everything. Countless system issues, poor/two-faced management at all levels, ZERO work life balance, you will be/are a slave working here. In the beginning the job will appear as it's the best thing there is, but over time it will affect your physical and mental health. Inter-office relationships between departments and HR make it impossible to voice your complaints - nothing gets done. You're watched/timed in EVERYTHING you do, from going to the restroom to how you should be documenting your cases. Management give no positive feedback, it's always nitpicking and finger-pointing. The products are great but the entire company is operated by a management with poor decision making that affects the employees and the customers. You can encounter cool employees but nobody can be trusted - employees are often there to pretend to be cool with you so they snitch on you later. To an outsider looking in, it's a great company and people imagine that it's a dream to work for but on the inside it's a completely different story. Working here may fit some people's lifestyle in the beginning but that will change over time. It's getting worse with more changes that allows apple to have more control over its employees.
Cut throat back stabbing within the ranks!
They have a huge lack of diversity. The higher you advance, the more you notice the evident lack of promotion to people of color and women.
Difficulty with transfers and limited set days off.
The discount could be better but instead you get a 25% off one time and a 500 epp plus which be only used once every three years. Hate that!
Its retail-don't expect holidays or weekends off
Growth is very difficult and lack of development conversations. Leadership isn’t as supportive as peer to peer. Retail expects you to work to live. It is a very demanding environment with little work life balance. Lack of empathy and more business driven environment than employee driven. It’s a numbers driven business. The passion that Steve Jobs believed in has disappeared
The hours are so intensive, the work/life balance is hard manageable
Few locations - unfortunately, they are where they are.
Work life balance isn’t always great and they could pay more based on the demand.
Absolutely no work-life balance. Politics affects decision. Arrogant people. You won't get time to think through what you are doing because of the ridiculous timeline and micromanaging.
Really bad work culture Borderline HR violations in interactions Very difficult to move to a different role No access to senior management Strictly enforced hierarchy Surprisingly tight fisted about benefits and perks
I was terminated for “misconduct” long story short I defended a fellow manager and employee from a customer who was claiming we are racist (mine You I’m a person of color as well) he ended up calling our corporate office and it lead to my termination, I assure you I did nothing wrong, but better to sacrifice the one manager of color, then stick up for him doing the right thing.
Rude customers, standing all day and location of the store.
Work and life balance is bad, change in schedule every 90 days makes planning anything very difficult, management needs a lot of improvement, internal interviews are the worst I have ever seen, not much advancement from support side.
Extremely negative work environment*** - Everyone, both customers and employees are miserable. Written all over everyones face. Energy is so negative its hard not to absorb it.  0 work life balance. - No such thing as availability, required to have open availability weekdays and weekends. Typical shifts are 12:30-9:30, 1:30-10:30, 11-8.  CONSTANTLY HAVING TO BE THE BEARER OF BAD NEWS: - Wait times for appointments being HOURS for same-day service and at least a week for book-from-home. - Repair prices typically starting at $149+ tax for failures entirely out of the customers control. Devices fail for no reason frequently. If the customer is outside one year without extended warranty 0 exceptions are made and the customer has to pay out of pocket. The company has grown so massively, the products are made in massive increments and not with close attention to detail. - Customers losing all of their precious information (contacts, photos, text messages etc) because they don't know how to backup their information.  Customer expectations are high and they feel entitled - belittling constantly - angry customers cursing - getting called names solely because you were the shirt and work for the company  Compensation - They start you higher than the average retailer but for what you have to deal with and for how much the company makes daily, weekly, annually.. its actually a joke. - After taxes and benefits get taken out, only average $10-12 an hour. Constantly having sales and business goals to meet but no commission or incentives based on fantastic performance. Average sales were over $100,000 a month and you see absolutely nothing. - Annual raise is a mere .40 cents
At times they are strict with schedules and hours
Poor work life balance Hard to move up due to lack of movement within the retail environment No real reason to try to overperform, you get the same rate as the guy next to you who does nothing. Unrealistic expectations of crew members, especially given the lower rate of pay
Working overtime a lots of fun
The cut of hours during the holidays is rough for a part-timer. Moving up in the retail setting seems difficult because there isn't much opportunity.
Depending on the location you may enjoy it or not. Mall stores are horrible. Lack in organization in malls.
- salary is medium to low - a raise is essentially off the table - rigid organizational structure, to a fault - very little space for creativity and innovation - growth is slow to nonexistent - employees at the department are hugely undervalued and underestimated - no possibility of working remotely or on Apple busses - extremely long hours + unpredictable schedule
Management is horrendous and very obvious favoritism. HR will not help you unless it’s part of an agenda for the managers. You better be good at brown nosing if you want to move up.
Management is incompetent Favoritism No balance with work Overly Stressful
Management is inconsistent, policies aren't fair to customers, long hours, underpaid for the work that is being done
Poor communication from management and lack of resources
Cupertino is a bubble, so hard to stay on top of tech and life outside of Apple. Great Pay made off equity, and Apple doesn’t promote aggressively.
Sometimes long hours, but nothing too bad
pay could be a little better
They often hire externally rather than promoting from within...
Fast paced environment that isn't suitable for all people.
Working at the Genius Bar can be very hectic and stressful
managers are under immense pressure to meet deadlines and keep costs low so they bully and belittle their employees trying to threaten us into more work. The company innovates so fast that they cannot train employees, the hire for the best skill set.
A lot of frustrated costumers
There is not easily a clear career path within the company
No work/life balance, work most evening and weekends, easy to get burnt out. Not really any chance to try out different roles. Not very flexible in terms of being able to work from home.
Although expected, working retail hours were not always that wonderful. The employees and management made it worth it.
Not always the best organization from management down. Things change often and communication not always best. At times there is too much ambiguity
The pay at the time (which I think since then has gotten better since 2015) was difficult to live on for the cost of living in that city / for the job description.
Long hours. Shifts could sometimes become busy depending on the night. Coworkers always asking you to cover weekends because college is college.
-scheduling is rough. Weekends and holidays obviously but good luck seeing any consistency in days/shifts, it’s always a crapshoot. -Favoritism runs deep so buddy up with your store leader if you wish to move up. They’ve added some new positions over the last year to increase the length of the ladder but in reality there’s not a lot of room for vertical growth besides looking at Management. -retail employees get the short end of the stick compared to corporate employees. -it can get a bit overwhelming on the weekends. Prepare to multi-help -attendance policy sucks because you have no grace period yet you will almost always stay over 5-40 minutes, sometimes longer. -hour lunches. Sure that’s nice at times, but most retail employees have a decent commute and that hour lunch just adds to a long day
Long hours and no room for growth
Work life balance is a struggle
Work/Life balance at the Williamsburg location was inexcusable and if the Store Leader deemed you as one who did not embody the stores "Brooklyn Values" (a non-measurable irrelevant non-job related way of rating you) you were not given opportunities to grow, transfer or move upward).
experience varies greatly by manager. A certain understandable wall exists as a AHA employee
During the weekends gets a bit too hectic at times
If you aren't a minority it's hard to advance
policies are too strict & their management style is lacking.
Unpredictable shifts make working while starting a family a challenge.
Obscured leadership, not a real game plan to execute. Inconsistent source of support, lots of compliancies within the ranks. Development is suppose to be the ultimate priority, but leadership will claim that development is not as important and productivity.
Not many opportunities to advance, in store or out of store. Rolls only open every so often and some never. Retail schedule sucks, Monday through Friday is the dream.
Intense environment filled with so many smart people.
Development and overall management team
Depending on the store the management can be brutal.
lower than average pay rate
- Always Busy - Working retail hours - Limited opportunities for advancement outside of retail locally
Even being part time you still need to have very good availability. They will generally work you 25-35 hours a week.
too much work and little time for family
Retail hours, hard to plan
Nothing wrong at all if you hired fulltime.
little upward mobility in the store
The pay for specialists, including experts and pros, is low when compared to other positions that get paid much higher. As large as Apple is, the salaries could be better.
Long hours, Project usually don't go through
less than ideal hours customers can be difficult high stress environment
I have no negative comments
A lot is expected of your role, even entry-level positions. Must be a people person.
Horrid work environment. Money makes people greedy and willing to do anything to get ahead and reap monetary rewards
No advancement, poor management, low pay, limited staff support, extreme stress, no training.
high pressure environment, not easy to move between divisions
Concerns about protecting confidential information can create delays and make new employees feel untrusted.
No real cons to mention.
-High expectations from customer base
I didn't have any cons at all, one of the best companies I've ever worked for
In a retail position so holidays are insane. Customers can be overwhelming. Hourly rate for specialist position. Hard to move up in this position.
Moving around within the company needs to be easier. More development and growth opportunities.
Work holidays and late hours, management is constantly changing
looking for one from last year.
Lack of accountability, internal politics, lack of accountability
They changed their policies and procedures and caring for their employees.
Strict management Performance evaluation is too dependent on your team
management (sometimes). Not enough hours if youre part time.
Boring place to work
Basically would find one manager who says one thing then another who does the opposite. Everyone knows who they are  Clients are terrible (especially in short hills)  Seriously. Short hills residents are hell  Apples open secret about new products. Everyone knows and reads the leaks but you have to pretend youve never heard of a new iphone 2 days before it is announced.
I did feel like i was constantly watched. I got questioned for going to the bathroom for longer than 5 minutes. Their rule really make it hard to get time off. There is a system that punishes people for taking too much time off. I can see how that is good for an organization but it is a little excessive. I feel like I had a job opportunity that was killed by office politics.
Management micro manages WAY too much. Many managers are bullies. Current store leaders do not care about staff. Apple has become about the dollar and not the user/employee. Had a great credo when began and that is now dead.
Top-down approach to innovation, field was rarely used as a source for development feedback. Not a lot of opportunities to go from retail division to other areas of the company. Tough hours for holiday season (but that's a given with retail).
Promotions happen at a very slow pace.
Have no cons for this position
you're by yourself all the time
Lots of type-A people you have to work with, definitely feel like a cog in the wheel. Company doesn't make you feel like you're important. Lots of corporate bureaucracy and disorganization as far as management goes - very much figure it out on your own type of attitude. Poor leadership because of lack of training and promoting people who are hard-nosed and many times lack empathy and people skills. Very little mentorship and career advancement opportunities, and poor work life balance for the most part.
Sometimes you just had too much streess. but it was not all the time.
Intense work environment. Very competitive.
Closed wall so a lot of secrecy leads to duplicated projects.
Not a lot of schedule flexibility.
Work life balance was terrible never saw family on holidays. You never work the same schedule for more than 6 months. The managers drink the koolaid way too hard and are most of the time unqualified to even be managers. The job is great for a year but just like everyone who does it you will get burnt out and will start to hate your life. That is guaranteed!!! I’ve never seen so many people take off on leave because they needed to get out and reset for a little while or so many people complain about hating their job.Like double digits of people out. Every month. There is no chance of upward movement because Apple likes to make people do jobs and not pay them for it. Lot of rotation shifts so that they never have to pay you more for doing more work. You do the same thing everyday answering phone calls and the only motivation you have is to get off the phones. Oh you do get 3-6% raises every year which is almost laughable . The day I left was one of the greatest feelings I’ve had in a long time . There were days when I would rather take off and not get paid then go to work and hate my life. Think about that
With high standards comes micro-management
As with any retail position, dealing with difficult customers.
Cult, lies to employees and customers alike. A lot of nepotism and playing favorites. Extremely Difficult to move up no matter what your experience. The company is not anything like it says it is. Environmental parriahs.
There is no work life balance
Your back is always against the wall, because you never know when someone will try and put a knife in it.
The job is too Busy
Work schedule requirements (different requirements for different individuals), Lack of growth (Alaska is so far from the rest of the US), If you want to move up you have to play your cards right, and lastly what you do in January will be brought up in your review in September.
Pay could be way better
hire initially as part-time employee, retail environment can be stressful
Sometimes office politics get in the way of doing really great things.
Rigid scheduling, required to work every single weekend, RTO is hard to do at times.
Don't fire, and promote often based on time at company rather than contribution.
Horrible management Disconnect between Corporate and Retail teams Short Staffed Very hard to get promoted from within
Applecare sales goals. Entitled customers. When all the that matters are sales and customer reviews, the only way to differentiate yourself (for a promotion or just to move to another area of the store) is by sucking up to management. Management can be unapologetically dishonest, at least to certain employees.
None so far. So far so good
Too much secrecy everywhere. Kinda stressful job.
Long hours, always on your feet
Upward mobility is a challenge with no clear personal development path. Was to get caught in the monotony of the job.
Hard to move up. Work politics at play. Management often does not folllow Apple’s culture. Apple is not what it used to be
Management drinks the Kool-aid a little too much, can sometimes not make you feel like a person when running into issues. reads from the same script etc.
Stressful holiday/launch seasons, limited upward mobility, company culture is evolving to be more sales-driven, inconsistent schedule/hours, management choices can be questionable
Management very conflicted, slow to promote internally, racism
I don't have any cons to share.
I am going to start with how it feels to work here. First I should say, I LIKE Apple products and own one or two. That being said, the culture at Apple feels like a professional cult. There is a definite feeling of being watched... all of the time, and then being "corrected" whenever you think the wrong way. Examples:  -Chats being monitored - any negative statements are immediately addressed by a manager you were not even talking to. (e.g. saying in a chat "I am pissed that I am not allowed to request Christmas off" will be followed by a manager messaging you and saying "Let's remember to keep things positive!") -Your call/phone status is always on a timer.. including going "idle" (which is what you have to do if you need to go to the bathroom or something so you don't miss a call) and if you are idle for more than 3 minutes.. well you be contacted by the manager monitoring you that day. -Your issued iMac is setup to allow a manager to view your screen at any time without notification to you, so you never know when they are looking at your screen. -Recorded calls -Constant feeling of secrets you cannot know, like being assigned new managers every 2-3 months, or having teams broken up and re-assigned for not obvious reason.  The list gets longer and shorter depending on who your manager is.. some are really invasive and some are really laid back.  Some other more general cons are: -little to no flexibility in schedule, it is basically a lottery on what schedule you get and your requests or availability have no way of being addressed. I asked about moving my schedule to accommodate a single college class and I was told there was no way to do that because they "do not control the scheduling". -no break in calls for entirety of shift and no ability to walk away from your at-home desk. -Working holidays is required, they actually have a vacation "blackout" period that covers the Thanksgiving to Christmas to New Year's period where you are not even allowed to request vacation. -Only robotic ways of evaluating performance and being rewarded for good performance so if you are doing well, but the simplistic metric system is unable to analyze that.. then you are not doing well and no further opportunities will be presented to you. -Troubleshooting and resolving issues comes last in priorities, with priorities being to keep calls under 15 minutes and manipulate customers into "feeling" like they have been helped.. whether you actually solved a problem for them or not.  I actually think in this position, it is somewhat of a necessary evil, because they are ensuring no time is wasted. With as many employees as they have doing this and for the pay they receive.. it is a requirement to ensure that people aren't just slacking off under no supervision in this at-home environment. However.. personally I find it the environment to feel dehumanizing and exhausting.
Working at Apple retail is an extremely high-pressure experience. The demand for service is non-stop. Apple Stores are always busy. Customers would frequently ask me, "When aren't you this busy?" My standard humorous response was, "When we're closed!" I'd say it with a wink and a smile, but it was essentially the truth!  Out of a 10+ year career at various Apple Stores, I spent about four years as a mobile-device certified technician, (a Family Room Specialist, or FRS for short). Eventually, the daily pressure of dealing with customers' issues with their Apple technology got to be too stressful for me, and I needed to take a medical leave. My store's leadership was very helpful and supportive of me throughout this period, and when I returned even allowed me to transfer to a less stressful sales position (a Specialist in Apple's terminology) without any negative consequences. I was able to speak openly with my coworkers about my anxiety attacks, and never felt unsafe doing so.
Some petty, political people. If you work for the wrong one, good luck.
Rare opportunity to move upward as org is relatively flat compared to other large companies No fun perks like free food (even paid food is overpriced and inconsistent) Extremely political with "tenured" people staying for decades (thanks to RSUs) and resisting change
The tools are poorly built and prevent employees from being productive. Difficult to move around and try other jobs.
Long days and long commute.
- can’t take pto that’s planned bc of strict role requirements - often cannot attend holidays, kids or school functions bc of the over demanding role requirements - upper management being brought in is not aligned with Apple values, taking business objectives and goals from Apple trying to implementing it internally which leads to stressed out over worker employees who either get fired or leave. - the pay is not competitive for how much you end up working. On average a AppleCare manager works 12-14 hours daily. Yearly reviews are too harshly weighted resulting in barely 1-3% annual increases. - advancement is tricky. If you want to move into leadership it’s not common knowledge to speak the Apple lingo and spend time frequently networking with upper management. You can spend months or years doing this before being selected for a simple rotation in the next role. - Most of your managers time is spent managing attendance because the hourly employees don’t show up to work. Caliber of hourly employee hired are extremely low way different then the store employees for sure.
- Highly dependent on customer reviews : Sometimes you receive the bad reviews that were even meant for you due to call transfers! - No big incentives on staying past the one year contract
I really had no complaints while working there I just wish I could have had my own franchise !! Oh well
New ire executives that do not understand the culture. Coming from clothing stores and trying to change the world while eliminating positions.
One word “Retail”. You work most holidays, weekends etc. Work - Life balance non-existent. Pay for Genius is very low. They expect so much from their people but the wages do not come close to the amount of work expected.
Drinking alcohol is encouraged, if you chose your family over going to happy hour, the leadership will hold it against you.  I had a young family member pass away from a vehicle accident and was told that, “It is dark that I am bringing it up and was refused time off.  There is no sense of customer service, instead you are told to give concessions to appease customers, but than you will receive corrective action for giving concessions away.  Coercion and special treatment run rampant depending again on where you fall on their social ladder.  There was a representative sitting in 3 inches of water at her desk with exposed electrical outlets due to her being afraid to leave her desk for fear of what the company would do if she chose her personal safety over her job. Even with water flooding the floor from a leaking fire valve. Even building maintenance requested her to move.  Best feeling I ever had was to walk out of the doors of the Austin, Tx offices for the last time.
Slightly lesser pay than other companies, slow advancement in design career, not so great middle management, siloed teams
None. I could not find anything wrong.
• No work/life balance • Understaffed often • Inconsistent training • Insane focus on accessory sales for all departments • Daily struggle to maintain positive environment
Too much CYA middle management only concerned with managing upwards. Extreme lack of empathy, flexibility and growth opportunities. No decision making power- that rests only with executives, which means your brilliant ideas often go nowhere.
Apple is still learning how to do fundamental technology R&D, particularly with integrating acquired startups into the Apple culture.
Work/Life balance can feel impossible. People will call/text you about work during your vacations, late at night, and over the holidays.
low pay, stressful always being tracked for time
Customers are our friends but they can be hard to deal with.
there are no cons cons
Hard to grow within the company
As a specialist, the work can get mentally and emotionally draining because it is still retail and apple is the type of company that brings in all types of customers so you'll be dealing with a range of different people on a regular basis.
Management shows favoritism by tapping employees to apply for postitons that have yet to be posted, majority of management is under qualified or checked out. New hires paid more than seasoned employees and when confronted management will say their hands are tied. Technical specialist role will take a toll on you mentally, emotionally and physically. You are expected to go into a new appointment with out proper time to reset yourself. Every 10-15 minutes you go into a new problem with a new person and a new attitude and sometimes you are juggling multiple customers at the same time. Customers mostly take the frustrations they feel about their products, the warranty and software and direct it towards you the Apple retail employee. Lack to training on new products
- The company grew too fast over the past 10 years. Lots of new faces brought lots of new management styles. There's high variability in your working experience between teams, departments, and divisions. - There are hot teams, and there are not hot teams. You'll know pretty clearly based on how many miles your desk is away from the main campus.
At times I do wish people on retail level had a little bit more decision making power.
Very low salary for bilingual, $12.50, when they advertise $15.00/start, for the amount of work/hours put in, work every WE because employees call in sick/quit all the time, work from 7:00am to 11:00pm (and beyond) mon thru sun, no time off, discounts are only 25% so you still can't afford their products on your low salary. Be careful because all the good, 5 star reviews are posted by managers at Apple. People quit all the time, every 6 to 8 months. Treat your employees like human beings, not slaves or animals, and maybe you'll be more successful. The customers who are calling for help, are always mad and nasty about their expensive Apple products not working or breaking. They take it out on you, then you take the blame and get a warming. GOOD BYE, APPLE. FOREVER!!!
Very secretive even when it comes to project you are working on. Making it hard to communicate cross functionally. Extremely over crowded, you get invited to meeting that requires driving but when you get there, it's impossible to find parking. Very few team uses web conference making your life very difficult. Overpriced cafe food, most of the items are $9 and some are creeping towards $10~$12. There's no reason to choose cafe over local restaurants since you paid about the same and not particularly convenient. Only selected team gets to go to Apple Campus 2 (Apple Park), and you quickly realize that your team is considered 2nd class citizen because you are not working on flashy features. Help is getting harder and harder to find, because of how expensive Cupertino is getting, and Apple is making it worse, because they continue to build high density housing without invest a single dime to housing. With hiring taking longer, most management rather settle with lower quality hire and getting the rack filled quickly. Which is very disrupted to current work and projects. CEO only fight for causes that'd get him national attention so he can make headline. In reality he doesn't care about any of this. It clearly shows when the company provided zero benefit to local community compares to local tech giant.
Deal with a lot of ambiguity and repairing relationships with difficult customers can be aggravating.
Scheduling depends on store’s needs
I don’t have cons at this moment.
there are no cons just some lame managers
Sadly, Apple Retail has become just like any other major retailer in the last 5 years. There isn't really a stark difference any longer compared to Best Buy, Microsoft, or even Target. The stigma of "retail" continues to hamper the enriching culture and values that Steve Jobs once reinforced for so many years. The "Retail Evolution" was merely a smear to introduce ways to maximize the dollar with every customer that visits. There used to exist a time when Apple Retail employees felt genuinely cared about and inspired when Leaders actually focused on them, and now that focus is all about the customer...say yes to every customer in effort to "restore faith in the brand". Tim is a great human being, his expertise is Supply Chain Management though, which means penny-pinching and extreme cost-saving measures are felt to a greater degree every single day. Apple has lots its magic, its competitive edge against other companies that lead through their people. When customers tell you every day that Apple's experience now feels corporate-controlled, they are absolutely right. Every shift comes with the feeling of pressure to satisfy metrics metrics metrics, because if you don't satisfy daily metrics goals, you're essentially a second class citizen. Growth and development is at a snails pace and for those with Bachelor+ degrees, it isn't valued in any way. Needless to say, Apple is a great job, not a career.
Unattainable metrics, company clearly trying to get the most for the least with its employees.
No room for vertical growth outside of retail (they offer 'career experience', but they rarely ever result in movement from retail), questionable leadership, company more focussed on being politically correct than fighting for its employees.
You have to put in long hours often.
not as flexible as id like it to be
Long days and impatient customers is the challenge you'll need to overcome.
Heavy workload and long working hours
Sometimes long hours, but overall fine.
Work life balance is not best
management plays favorites and it's hard to move up in title
The store is constantly busy. It’s sometimes difficult to be able to assist customers with devices that have software issues.
No free lunch. Perf review only once per year in some groups. Initial PTO has only 12 days. Too few positions for new grads.
Specific schedule to stick to with little room for improvement/creativity
Politics plays a big role in getting ahead. The work can be overwhelming at times. Constant pressure to get projects done and unreasonable amount of time.
-Very top down flow of any work, no transparency, engineers do not know what and why a particular decision is made -Unnecessary high level of secrecy blocks engineers mind in doing creative things -Playing catch up in machine learning/AI -Unstable in machine learning projects due to managers who do not anything about recent machine learning trends -Culture promotes racial biases, No one questions why a particular decision of promotion or performance review was made
Schedule and work hours are terrible
there is none for me
Not a ton of upward mobility unless you start as a manager, etc
Almost everyone starts part time! No promise to be full, even for employees who’s been there, two yrs +
Extremely tight timelines for every project, very little time to plan as most of the teams are in execution mode
It’s a busy place to work. If you don’t like working with people you won’t fit well. It’s a fun place with great people.
There are some customers/employees who are a little bit too passionate about the company. I guess it's not really a con.
It's still retail so working weekends is pretty much mandatory.
Lack of ability to advance, Apple makes moving up extremely difficult, and managers play favorites, new hires are often paid higher salaries then tenured employees with more experience and responsibility. By saying they want to be "transparent" managers think this removes accountability for not effectively managing. Inconsistency among management teams. Simply too many managers all trying to run the store at the same time. Lack of communication. Unable to work overtime even though understaffing is a problem.
Pay was pretty rough and if you're in tech support eventually the attitude will wear down your soul.
Salary is under market rate and under rate for the type of work performed. Treats employees like contractors in a dictatorship environment. The organization does not value experience and hard work.
Too much focus on surveys from customers which in a lot of cases are due to issues that you aren’t the cause of.
They do not put their employees first and lose a lot of talent to hostile work environments.
Awful work/life balance. A lot of corporate disorganization going on! There recruiting department is a joke. They don’t know heads from tails. Internal systems are awful. Always breaking, and of course in the middle of the day when it’s busiest.
none there an awesome team
They are too focused on metrics
It is a retail store. Can get very busy and stressful depending on the day. The mall isn’t great to stay in all day.
Not a lot of room for growth.
The biggest opportunity that Apple has to retain talented folks is to get competitive with its pay scale at retail stores. Across the board, people doing “desk” jobs, supervisory jobs and positions with accountability above and beyond device sales are underpaid. In our market, an equivalent position for my role would be $10-15k more, plus commission (Apple doesn’t believe in commission). Below average salary combined with long hours, weekend work and stressful retail life equal high employee turnover and dissatisfaction that is shared by a number of employees.
Remeber this if you apply for this position: Customers will yell at you from time to time, and you have almost no recourse or backing from management if you hang up on them. Apple’s policy toward irate customers is essentially suck it up and let them yell, which will lead to bad customer surveys for you, which will wreck your stats, which will impact your raises and your position in the quarterly shift bid process. This policy enables the kind of person who has learned they can bully their way into anything they want and helps cause this behavior to become increasingly a societal norm. It doesn’t take many of these types of customer calls to make you forget about all the others that went really well.  Your first two levels of management are going to be hit or miss. You’ll love the good ones, and hope you can outlast the rest of them. Take a wild guess at which group is the larger.  You will work 8 hours on either Saturday or Sunday. Make sure you can deal with this and its impact on your time with your family. You will be required to surge to full-time 2 or 3 times each year, and one of those will be for Christmas from about 2 weeks before through 2 weeks after. Be ready for this impact on your time with family on holidays. Full-time surges often come with (mandatory) overtime as well.
Customers with bad attitudes Difficult to advance to a full time employee
stressful, customer needs exceed reality
In a company this big, office politics can find their way into the workplace and put a damper on morale as well as advancement. Being as busy as Apple is, these shenanigans can go unaddressed or taken seriously leading to unneeded stress that can affect performance.
micro management, long hours, lack of communication
Some of our tools are horrific. When you are expected to maintain the same level of performance without the correct tools it’s disheartening
Pay is way to less
Hours constantly changing every three months
Have to work most Holidays, no set schedule.
Extreme secrecy aspect of Apple's culture can be burdensome. It's important but sometimes a bit excessive in terms of the restrictions.
Work life balance, not enough headcount
Almost too many to list.... horrible schedules, crazy hours, demanding bosses, little motivation
Management is too political, very sterile environment, not a lot of career progression opportunities, schedule is a nightmare.
No room at all for advancement
Rapid growth has resulted in a significant loss of the culture which has made Apple a great company.
- Business lead (warm chair environment) - no growth - crappy competitive environment
when customers don't get wont they wont its crazy
The stores can be quite loud, so troubleshooting can be difficult sometimes owing to the ambient volume levels of the sales floor.
Busy times which isn't necessarily a con!
No growth with in company, can never get off on the days you want, schedule never stays the same, managers don't know anything, lack of communication and respect.
Limited movement can be an issue
Workload can be heavy at sometime
None, I liked working there.
Time: It's hard to work on other projects if you're part-time. You'll likely be scheduled in such a way that limits being able to maintain a second job/side gig.
Sometimes career movement can take a while because of all of the layers of management.
-Frequently changing schedule- every 3 months, making it very difficult to plan ahead -Required to work weekends, or at least one weekend day -Required to work holidays -Required to meet metrics, causing many catch 22 situations -Schedule selection is random and based on metrics -They do not accommodate for having/wanting to attend school -Raises and promotions are based on metrics -In most cases, you are required to work through a temp agency for about a year before getting Apple salary or benefits, and it's no guarantee (sometimes they decide to randomly hire outsiders although a lot of people have already been working there for almost a year and still aren't officially hired. It's a bit of a slap in the face) -Technical advisor positions are very taxing, lots of angry customers and can take a toll on your mental health. -Constant call evaluations, someone is always listening in on your phone calls
Often times is a little too much in terms of training and hours per week needed to put in for a part-time worker.
scheduling is kinda complicated specially weekends
Nothing that I really experienced in my time. I really enjoyed working there! Keep up all of the great work, Apple!
Long hours and hard to get promotions.
Too much politics. You need to be director's and manager's pets to advance your career. Some bad engineering managers are just bad humanbeing and harassing people. Managements don't do anything as long as the projects done.
As "Diverse" as Apple claims to be Homophobia/Racism/Sexism is prevalent and controls the hierarchy of achieving leadership. Very "Trumpian" Additionally, "career experiences" serve as a way to pay lower wages to those who are not smart enough to realize they are doing job duties well beyond their pay grade from "experience."
- Management makes up rules about weekends, sick time/time off, and doesn't care about work-life balance.  - Management also forces part-time employees to work past the 28 hours per week rule in the summer time, but does not compensate you or even consider you for full-time positions. They will also force you to work all holidays because they want the time off instead.  - Since gaining a new Market Team leader, it's been all numbers and favoritism, I could sell 2 phones and make great promoters, but management turns around and writes me up for not "doing my job."  - Management will ignore your requests or deny you in the scheduling system.  - Management will also schedule you for all closing shifts if you have open availability and when you complain, they fix it for one week.
Not really any, can make pay a little better. If there was commission involved could make things a little more interesting
No advice needed for management.
No room for growth, stunted pay, a lot of politics to getting full time or another position.
Everything is very secretive Can't speak negatively about the company
Nothing was black and white. Everything was in the gray. Every store would do things differently which caused customer complaints. Try getting more tangible feedback and not just personal feelings from employees. It’s called positive intent, it goes a long way.
Not listening to the employees and paying them the same as new hires. Promoting people that should have never been promoted.  The thing that I knew that we going on at different stores, it was really making my choice to leave even easier.
Your weekend will be filled with work. Shift hours are weird because if youre part time, you get 4 hour shifts
Not racially diverse Does not offer free food Discount on Apple products is not that nice
Health insurance plan is only good for employees located in California with Kaiser Premenant, but not nice for employees residing in other states.
Don't expect anything other than serving business interests i.e. no personal development, no recreation, no learning unless its related to your current work. No flexibility to move/work for different team. No promotion. You can be stagnated in your current position for years inspite of working day and night. Smart work is more than hard work.
For such a philanthropic company, under the leadership of Tim Cook, it's disappointing that overall treatment of employees does not always match this.
Work life balance all over the place. No set schedule. Very hard to plan accordingly with your life.
Sometimes the customers aren’t the best. They can be rude, but your job is just to be a nice person, so being nice can do no wrong!
Sometimes there are long hours, and holidays are normally mandatory work schedules. However, there are definitely pay incentives for overtime/holidays!
clinical and not personal mgmt approach
Not always able to get the days off needed
busy, management overlooked hard work, micro manage
cliquey hard to move up if you don't drink the kool aid
Miscommunication between managers, horrible horrible customers and sometimes the rules were ridiculous and made no sense
Lack of communication all around
There are too many smart people!
* you will get Ownership of some application but not for splunk, ats, monitoring, etc. so you will be pure application support if you are on SRE. Usually, you do heap dump, thread dump and resolving tickets. Interview is happening in less quality * Management considers only long-time employee as a "super heros" and callout their name only frequently. * No learning as we force to do things. * Solo groups and duplicate efforts from multiple team on same time.
Growth is often fleeting. Easier to move about the store in lower-level position, but leadership positions are the pot of gold for most people who want to stay with the company. Apple does not hire many of its retail employees for its corporate offices, and management was, at one time, rarely a position given to an insider (without some major sucking-up). Wonderful place to work, but go in knowing what the end goal is, otherwise, you may find yourself eight years in and still just a specialist. It is quite easy to get complacent at Apple retail, even if you go in with other goals.
It's a retail, so the hours of our location covered a good deal of the day. Hard to balance being a single father and a flexible schedule. And due to the high visibility and working directly with the public, there was a lot of managing peoples outlandish expectations with what was actually within an employee's power to accomplish.
You have no control over your free time, and are made to feel like you’re not contributing if you ask off more than they’d like. Your personal life is a joke.
Poorly defined career path, highly competitive stack ranking, culture diluted by influx of employees from other companies (e.g., Dell, Cisco)
Difficult customers can lead to headaches at time. Some people can be cheap as well which can be hard to explain why things cost so much.
Very Tech heavy- Con if you are not tech savvy
Time to promotion is longer than most.
Long Days, Tedious Repair Policies
Rude customers Always busy never any down time Working in a mall Stores can be claustrophobic, no windows, can be depressing at times. Not enough time for personal development
Retail work and retail hours.
Scheduling if you have a family
not flexible with holidays or set schedules
Limited career growth in Retail.
too much micro management, and need more real talented people instead inefficient work environment and people Too much nepotism makes it hard to move forward
Weekend shifts can be demanding.
I wish I had more time to do the job with my course load
At this time I see no Cons
Work hours vary from day to day which can be a challenge however there is a lot of flexibility with your schedule.
Apple fired me because of my mental disability. I filed an EEOC and they wouldn't help me, but wanted me to sue Apple instead. I didn't bother because I is hard in California with the "at-will" employment law to prove discrimination.  I was also not reimbursed for my interview expenses of travelling from Canada to Cupertino.  Growth at Apple is extremely challenging because you end up getting stuck in a single role for a while. Compensation is decent. Work/life - expect to work every weekends every.
Retail leadership goes through many ebbs and flows and seems to stifle the career growth of these incredibly talented leaders. Focus is contained in maintaining ranks within retail and developing retail leaders, even if their individual skillsets would be more applicable in more elevated roles. Even as a Senior leader within the team, I still was challenged with the lack of focus and direction that is felt on a store, market, and overall retail organization. Impactful change occurs from within and this is very rarely a focus of market-level leaders.
long hours, lots of international travel
Customers expect efficient, friendly and expedient results. The staffing for stores and repair options rarely meet these expectations.
Hours are rough, not much room for growth. If you're a college student, you'll most likely leave after college because it's hard to get out of retail in Apple.
Customers have a sense of entitlement and can be very rude and disrespectful.  Promotions are in short supply, and offer marginal raises. The road to moving to corporate is tough.  No bonuses or incentives for reaching sales goals, or any other goals.
The customers are abominable. I was called a liar to my face when I was telling the truth. I was blamed for things that were not my fault. I was constantly pressured for free things. If you can handle that, it's a great job. I could not.
You will get used to not commuting places like work, so rush hour traffic is a real drag. Even commuting for leisure and getting dressed seems like a chore!
Some employees make it a cult
Work-life balance is always important and could use improvement.
Although we’re paid above minimum wage, the pay could be more competitive with other tech companies. We endure a lot of emotional stress from customers in the IT department and our paychecks don’t reflect the amount of hard work we put in every day.
Politics play a big role in this organization.
Repetition in daily functions, leadership is inconsistant
Hours you have to work between a certain and one full time day on either day or sun. Which can be pretty annoying.
My team manager he didn't like Arab and always he thought that many American who born and grow up in the USA they dream to have my job
The compensation is low considering jobs demands and expectations. While it is a retail environment, employees perform at professional levels in a much higher paced setting, but are still compensated at only slightly higher than typical retail rates.
No cons it was great learning experience for me
Pays well but does not always pay as well as competitors, little room to grow without moving to a new job once you hit the salary range cap for your role.  Required to work most holidays (though you do get paid overtime for it if you're hourly)
No commission for sales Hours rely on store hours (mall vs street location)
level of responsibility and pay rate do not align for sales based positions. support roles are understaffed compared to demand causing significant challenges.
Location, some parts of corporate take time to work around
Most employees don’t get paid enough. Especially with what they’re asked to do. Apple is going to need to be more competitive in this area.
micromanaging. lots of fake people especially management. Too much routine. the random shifts throughout the week can take a toll on work/life balance
Price, I think it costs a lot
Long commute No work from home policy Poor work-life balance Limited opportunities for growth
need more vacay time like netflix
busy paced, pay, complaints,
Work-life balance in a highly competitive environment.
Politics, politics, politics. Blatant backstabbing and toxic culture that promotes this. Lots of people who think they are best when they are not. Investment banking like culture where management openly talks about people easily being replaceable as this is where everyone wants to work. Endless calls w/ Asian suppliers that goes 24/7.
Office space is very sparse, bring your own tea and snacks kind of a deal. Lunch isn’t free, although dinner is. Nobody is going to pat you on the back for your work, and you’re expected to advance your own career, or find the mentorship you need.
Must be really careful with transactions because you never know what may happen to be put against you. Communicate everything
Upward mobility is limited unless relocation is acceptable.
Work/life balance but that's any customer service place
Only downside is the retail environment of changing hours and long hours on your feet. Also it is a very busy store so it can get a little overwhelming at times.
Can sometimes be hard to keep up with pace of Store. Customers expectations can be a little crazy as well.
Retail schedule can be random. Stores are run very efficiently, which means that one always feels like we have "just enough" employees to get by. Lack of opportunities for upward mobility unless one is open to transferring to a new store (most of which are in other countries these days)
Usual large company bureaucracy persists at Apple as it does elsewhere.
growth the potential to move within the ranks in the company.
At the retail level, compensation can be way better.
Long hours, lots of politics.
Class Scheduling and Work schedule can sometimes overlap
Maybe offer slightly deeper discounts on products and better scheduling options for online and retail employees. I come from the hospitality industry originally, and the only thing I could say that can use some vast improvement is the scheduling, because there is a way to give a better work life balance to all employees especially when you have a dedicated team that handles scheduling. Some things didn't make sense with how the folks were managing our time in regards to scheduling our training and time off.
Every thing is great there nothing bad
The pay definitely could have been better. I understand for the entry level pay for specialists, but an operations specialist should be compensated better.
Rigid roles and timelines. No transparency among different projects
It's retail. There are some crappy hours, some crappy customers, and some crappy coworkers who don't care as much as I do. Compensation is great for retail, but bad for sales in general. I know it wouldn't happen, but I would love for Apple to take some of that $100 billion in the bank and give even 1% of it to those of us who are on the front lines with customers.
Time consuming and had other things to do. It can narrow the search faster by my Location and expertise or skills
Somes shifts can get long
-limited to part-time work -required to work weekends (although this was not an issue)
If you love what you do it's not work.
I see no cons, maybe just far aways from my house.
-Working in a retail store environment can be rewarding in some aspects but once you've reached a certain goal or a higher position, personal growth starts to decline.
- Sadly, not a lot of salary growth past hiring. They prefer stock grants to raises beyond inflation adjustment. - Large, organic organization. Things have improved, but there are lots of silos to protect from leaks and sometimes that means the left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing. The people at the top do, but you're a bit of a mushroom. - Ever growing middle management - More departmental politics than there used to be
There are not really any negatives to this job
same politics as anywhere else, you got to drink the kool aid to be a part of the inner circle.
Take forever to get back to you after your apply.
-You will be subject to something called Net Promoter Score, which is straight out of an episode of Black Mirror. This is where customers rate you out of five stars and leave comments, if a customer gives you five stars they are a "promoter," four stars and they are "passing," less than that and they are a "detractor." Did I mention that the managers read literally all of the comments you get, and routinely bring them up? It's incredibly obnoxious. -You will CONSTANTLY AND CONSISTENTLY be blamed for things that are not your fault. I have had customers blame me for misinformation which I got directly from my managers. -For the most part, the managers are horrible and do not care about you, or even their own jobs. They care about money and that's literally it. -A tip for women: the company is ridiculously misogynistic. Every time I visit the Genius Bar I notice that there are something like 20 men working there to 3 women. Am I supposed to believe that that's a coincidence? Also, I am a female who worked in an IT position for a year and I was given the specialist role, whereas my male friend who has never worked in tech was given technical specialist. -The company is also racist. A recent product was a line of Beats headphones called the "Neighborhood Collection," which was "inspired by the urban environment" (a verbatim quote I had to hear every day for about two weeks). The colors the headphones came in were red, blue, and "army green." Also, again, the vast majority of Genius Bar employees are white or East Asian.
Sometimes stressful, but overall a wonderful place to work.
-incredible micromanaged -low wages for at-home-advisors
Cons are the things what make you grow your life and your own family is a great way to get your life
Working with the general public, many of whom have a huge sense of entitlement. Apple has a boutique reputation as a result of their high end products.
The perks are being watered down more and more. Insurance is getting worse and worse. Its retail so the hours stink.
They are flexible around MY schedule, work life balance is great, nothing to complain about.
Not enough hours a week
Hard to move up and get full time.
Hiring could be improved. As a manager it becomes obvious that many advisors barely want to be there and it is really difficult to promote an advisor to customer unless they do something major.
Sometimes it feels like the pay not worth the amount of work.
Must be flexible with your time
not so good work-life balance
Retail Evolution. Promising employees promotion without delivery. Complete absence of loyalty to employees who have been there five plus years. Favoritism.
Poor management at the time I was there. Believe most are gone at this point
The really high standard people put on you on day one
Nothing I can think of
work/life balance needs to be applied.
None the job super litty
Long hours at times near ship.
Scheduling inflexibility for students and others pursuing personal development. Lack of continuous training for people in the genius role. Lack of career pathways for people in the genius role. The continuous rotation of direct reporting managers reduces the observation and awareness by managers of employees. The effects of these rotations are most apparent during the yearly review period as the managers knowledge of employees are incomprehensive, fragmented, or deficient. This lack of knowledge results in inadequate documentation of an employee’s performance and further limits or prevents that employees ability for movement within the company. Increased pressure around metrics of traffic and revenue versus customer experiences. Inconsistency of guidelines from store to store, market to market with vague reasoning or rational. Continuous changes around procedures, policies and systems without clear rational. Lack of paths for internal feedback or acknowledgement of given feedback in the scope of changes in procedures, policies and systems.
low pay difficult to move up.
Schedule, management (at my particular store at least), and if you get a position taking technical appointments you literally get yelled at the entire day by customers.
none, it's a great place to work
difficult to go corporate, have to deal with lots of people daily
Weekends tend to get too hectic and a lot of pressure from cranky customers
Hard to break out of the retail environment.
Retail High customer traffic High quota of customers/hour lead to extra stress and lowered quality interactions
nothing bad at all, good
Lack of proximity to some low-end restaurants.
Couldnt think of anything because i didnt have any problems everything was just great and well put together just awesome
- Work life balance - Getting more bureaucracy
Hard to move up the ladder
Limited upward mobility Difficult to move teams
none that i have found. unless you dont like to work then its a hard job but, try any other resturant and youll quickly realize that you had iy made here.
There need to be more opportunities to advance.
Nothing, this is the best job you could ever possibly get
Secrecy and need to know sometimes gets in the way of learning freely. Food is not free (hello Google!). Gym is not free either, although symbolic payment only.
Constant change. Confidentiality's impact on internal preparation. Management and team cohesiveness is dependent on the store you work at. I am blessed to be a part of a location that is strong in these areas.
- Very stressful work environment
It’s very difficult to transfer stores if you are moving out of state. The company needs to improve on the transfer processes
Stressful work environment. Little employee options, you are just a gear.
work and life balance, complain customers
people can get impatient
You can get lost in a sea of employees. There are so many people doing so many vastly different things.
Must work holidays, management always pushing sales and typical recycled retail environment
No movement and/or training
Schedule bid, no bonuses and very busy
busy to work all the days
The work is difficult but manageable.
This can be a very high pressure job, and you must need to know how to communicate effectively with customers if you want to survive.
Secretive environment. Can be very hard to meet people (professionally and socially both).
Unless you fall in line with the store and fill the managements ego you won’t get very far. Upset people come in very often and must know how to keep a cool, calm and level head
Not a lot of room to grow in small stores
Bad Management, Bad hours, Not understanding
Hard to move up in company
Not a lot of influence
Retail schedule (you're serving the public), working with the public,
It is still retail. The hours can be long, and the customers can be incredibly cruel to you for things that are out of your control. If you can separate from that, rock and roll.
Pay Lack of management focus on what matters (ex: they don’t care about the employee experience and tend to just lay more crap on for you to do.... or jerk you around in departments)
The compensation for the amount you sell!
Your voice will be shot from talking all day and your feet will hurt from standing on trendy concrete floors all day.
Working weekends and later hours.
No set schedule Work life balance is difficult unless you are an very good planner
None at all. I love apple..
-Too many managers, communication among each other sucks -Managers usually side with customers over employees -Most Apple services and subscriptions are not free to employees
It takes a long time for leadership to reprimand people who don't work hard and recognize the people that do. The attendance system is also very "grade level" - I've seen incredible people get fired because they were consistently "late" by 2-4 minutes. A time that other jobs I've had didn't care about and that doesn't effect our stores or teams negatively. Not having a grace period and/or respecting people as they are individually is a huge con. "I understand you exceed expectations in every way and are dedicated to helping the company succeed but those two minutes really effected your team negatively." (Face palm)
Kinda slow at advancing in position, there are so many working on a particular level and opportunity for individual skill to be noticed.
Very political, office politics make focusing on the best outcomes difficult.
-Push back from different roles if you tried escalating an issue. -In my Senior Advisor Role, I had issues with a manager and I couldn't do anything about it. I had even requested a team change and they were unable to do that. -If you leave the company it's pretty much impossible to try and get back on.
On the retail level attention has turned away from the employee as a person to the employee the machine. Everything is about numbers and the bottom line.
Absolutely no work/life balance, arguably one of the worst among large Bay Area companies. You should be OK not seeing your family and friends very often, and it helps to have a personality that thrives on constant stress and work. Schizophrenic upper and middle management, changing priorities constantly and treating engineers like disposable resources. Release goals are often unachievable, and code is often hurriedly thrown together. Software quality suffers as a result. Poor facilities: employees often have no place to park, and are all but required to eat at the on-campus cafeteria (which is not free) to avoid losing parking spots. It wasn't uncommon to have to spend 30 minutes hunting for parking in residential Cupertino after getting back from a doctor's appointment. Campus is generally overcrowded with work environments that aren't conducive to productivity.
Very operational, no flexibility, always the same work. We had a tool that used to control every time that we left our desk.
Life/work balance can get hectic There is no hand-holding A tough environment for some introverts Office can get a bit loud sometimes
Quite Overwhelmingly busy at times
Apple used to be an amazing alternative to retail. Now it’s the same as any retail job.  Slowly but surely it’s become all about numbers and hitting profit quotas.  If you’re think of joining the Genius Bar team STAY AWAY. Instead of having a varied day at work you’re gonna be taking appoinements from angry customers for 8 hours straight.
A con is that there are so many people is seems hard to advance in your field and an excess in tools can cause more hiccups than efficiencies
No cons unless you don't like a busy work environment.
Work life balance is often impacted as a result of constant meetings and calls that take up the balance of the day. Working 10 hours or more is the daily norm.
Company is dying a slow painful death
Very busy store (Fifth Avenue, NYC), takes a lot of energy to work here on a daily basis.
Busy, I can't really think of many cons though. The team was great, the environment was also great, etc.
Work life balance Hard work yet worth it
not enough $ covered for transportation
There are no cons there
- Talking to ignorant customers - Apple system has a lot of errors - the managers don't really listen too your concerns.
First and foremost, transparency and accountability. The hiring process is a bag of nonsense. Even internally, when you apply for a lateral transfer or a position inside your own store, the management lies to you about your chances with impunity, the Store Leader has no clout with the recruiting process yet promises upward mobility.  There is favoritism, avarice, and a highly political nature to all hiring decisions. The customers are either incredible or absolutely horrible. This job requires the highest extreme of negotiation skills, customer service, and tolerance as people will test you beyond your limits with what they expect and require.  Apple Retail needs to clean sweep its management tier, the majority of whom were hired from Wal-Mart, Best Buy, Target and Pacsun...companies that share no values with Apple and love to focus on numbers. Having worked under Steve Jobs and Ron Johnson, the philosophy used to be "work on customer experience, because the products sell themselves" but now it is all about results even though we don't make any commission (which is insane if you do the math) and the management brags about results and company wealth while the average employee is required to know skills required for 80k tech support and IT jobs while paying them half or less than that and asking them to perform harder on top of those unfeasible numbers.  Apple needs to reshape retail and get rid of the people who have taken over the top tier and are running it like a boutique Circuit City.
Terrible schedule, pay was somewhat decent
Busy, sometimes stressful, long hours I've heard
SOmetimes very hard, always rewarding
Little room for advancement into a higher position.
Hard getting hired with them
Favoritism, very little opportunity for part timers to develop
This is the dream no cons
Since the employee retention rate and the company popularity is so high, it can be very difficult to get hired.
May take time to climb the company ladder
Time is so short and use a whiteboard to write code
No part time career experiences
Retail hours and working in a mall.
None best place to work
Honestly there aren't any besides the excepted overwhelming of people who come in the store
Moving into management feels saturated.
Stressful environment with emphasis on rushing over customer experience.
Lots of politics with managers and cliques.
No set schedule, large company, lots of qualified people means a lot of competition for not a lot of spots,
Very busy, fast paced environment
Challenges include international customers and language barriers. If you know what you want to do don’t hesitate to voice it
You will run into people that have worked for Apple quite a long time and they have found a way to do the bare minimum to keep a job.
Big company with many different groups, so experiences will vary, but here are some of the negatives I noticed... So many people work obsessively for fear of being judged an under-performer rather than b/c they are truly passionate about their work. EXCESSIVE email, phone calls, meetings, and travel. Internal work flow is rarely efficient/elegant. Most work is accomplished through brute force and shear will of ICs. Key decisions continuously deferred, and very often, past the last minute with team members having to develop contingency on contingency to address management's inability to pare down options. Too many [wannabe] leaders and not enough role players. Firefighters are promoted, planners who work to avoid fires in the first place are often forgotten. Too many teams who want to tackle everything under the sun without adjusting expectations, rather than focus on the big hitters that the team can actually execute well and sustainably. All of this means lots of pressure and stress. Apple can take over your life.
Rotating shifts. Working on holidays.
Leadership is subjective. Some come across like they have their favorites. I had colleagues that did really great work but often would get overlooked for new opportunities.
Forty hour work weeks are few and far between Systems and tools are proprietary which makes it difficult to work cross functionally Some managers are not well versed on assigned roles and responsibilities, so expect to be given work that's time consuming and out of scope
They do not care about the employee. Everyone is replaceable.
Not as fun as it was before apple become popular
management but that depends on store.
No bridge from retail to corporate
Nothing really the pros outweigh any cons. Can’t think of anything worth sharing. This is a great place to work for.
It is a very large company so it can sometimes feel like each department is it's own company.
Slow customer service, not enough employees
tough schedule but very flexible
Lack of training. Too many changes.
culture being lost somewhat and appearing more like a large company. Lost it's startup feel.
Dealing with abrasive customers could be mentally and physically draining.
Sometimes secrecy can make it difficult to meet people outside your department
new place for me so I don't know how it will goes
Advancement very difficult. The company is so big that it is almost like you as an enployee are just a number and a robot there to figure out peoples needs and situations
The customers expect an enormous amount of care - often well beyond what is reasonable. Many therefore behave in ways which appear inappropriate or unfair. Unless you learn to shake it off, it can really take its toll. There is also limited opportunity for growth. Few people advance beyond the retail side of Apple - or even to the top of Apple retail (though this doesn't mean it's impossible).
Work life balance, bureaucracy and politics has taken a priority over innovation
They make you choose your work schedule before class even starts and are unwilling to shift dates based on if you are involved on campus.
Same cons as any retail job. But I don't mind retail. Apple just expects a lot from you.
nothing bad to say about apple
the holidays, but thats any retail place
high cost of living in the area which makes comp not as great
Customers are sometimes not the best. I was not passionate about the position what so ever.
lack of advancement, seasonal OT
the so-called 'metrics' - other reviewers remarks are accurate - perfection is the only acceptable level of performance, not kidding
no growth potential at retail level
work work work work work
Apple is such a large company that it's difficult to move fast.
can get boring when working at home
- Training - Work on weekends - Picking shifts is very hectic - Very repetitive job - Time goes slow while working - Breaks/Lunch time - More Negative/Toxic Customers than positive - Mic is very low quality - Too many requirements - Vacation System is very bad and its requirement - Day off = Fired - Simple mistakes gets you a talk with the manager - "Customer is always right"
crazy odd hours, schedule accommodation, promoting external over internal hires
- Scheduling flexibility - Was too difficult to switch hours - Don't have a weekend preference, be able to pick what day you work
Management can be kind of all over the place. Some inconsistency in policies
You're a cog in a small part (store) of a small section (retail) of a huge machine (Apple). It's only a con if you lead with that thought. Learn to recognize and find the people that encourage you and challenge you within that and you'll start to recognize why people stay for so long. But, yeah, you're basically a cog.
Sometimes it can be a challenge getting the schedule you want.
They do have high expectations, but it's nothing ridiculous. There is a bit of kool-aid drinking, but frankly, the kool-aid is delicious...I didn't mind it one bit.
Career growth is hard due to political system and favoritism game amongst the leadership team. Internal advancement is not based on actual performance and metrics. It is based on how well you can sell yourself. Customer base tend to be stressful to deal with.
Wish they would hire more
Changing schedule from week to week Working post-holidays
Hourly rate, not enough increase.
Retail schedules can be difficult. Pay probably should be a little,e higher in busy stores as it can be stressful and requires a great deal of knowledge.
Unqualified supervisors that have little to no experience in the tech field. Retaliation when any disagreement with an evaluation and it's all downhill from there.
Very little room to move up, rude customers and clients, a lot of the managers are not as trained on what to do as a salesperson so they aren’t good to help more than changing a schedule.
No complaints yet so far!
Dealing with a constantly busy store and high customer traffic. Can be hard or take a while to move up within the company.
- ZERO work life balance - Proprietary software constantly has issues that you WILL get blamed for - "Promotions" are essentially you taking on the job responsibilities of other departments while they benefit off of your hard work. - Terrible communication from management. They will tell you they are "working on a fix" for any issues that arise, but the fix never comes, they typically push your issues onto another department and then get you in trouble if it is not fixed.
Regional Managers up are all big box and the company is nothing like it was when Steve was around. Very political now with many layers of management. Retail has no work life balance and terrible for families.
Overly competitive and extremely “clicky” at times and everyone is disposable because of the companies popularity. Thus leading to a frustrating career path at times for the truly hungry and hardworking individuals
This is still a retail job, and you are on your feet all day and have a variable work schedule.
None honestly, Apple is very amazing
-Communication among managers is something that every company has to strive to be excellent at. At Apple the reason why this is so important is simply because of the amount of employees each store has.
Sometimes you don't always get the best customers
There is no downside at working at Apple.
Retail and Corporate are two completely different worlds.
You still have to meet certain goals that can become stressful when you have some bad weeks metrics wise. Promotions are more based on your numbers and less on your passion.
Horrible hours, no balance between work and life, office politics become more important than merit, too much on emphasis on money but is disguised as something else.
Not much compared to Pros
It takes a thick skin to deal with certain situations.
Schedule is set 3-6 months at a time with very little flexibility. With Apple having so many employees career advancement can be difficult especially in an At Home position.
Unless you get a corporate position, you are still working retail and retail hours. There is also a lot of clout that comes with working for apple.
If you are using Apple as a job while you are pursuing outside goals, then there isn't a lot of upward mobility.
absolutely no work life balance
No room for growth there. Management doesn't make you feel valued like the company tries to make you believe.
Management bases promotions on friendship and not the work you produce
can be stressful during project dead lines
The customers can be rude and you have to learn how to deal with each costumer differently which can be a real hassel.
Apple is a large company and you can get lost in the shuffle.
The customers can be challenging and some company goals seem a little difficult to attain. If you dislike customer service, this is not a job for you.
-Weird cultish attitude among coworkers and if you don't follow the attitude of all the other Apple minions, you are really looked down on and shunned. As an Apple employee, you must bow down and worship Apple, and if you don't, you are treated like a leper. -In every company meeting, training video, presentation, etc., variations of the word "excite" and "innovative" always come up. Come on, there is more to life than Apple and some of us aren't "excited" at every little "innovative" thing Apple does (or doesn't really do). -Coworkers seem very pretentious and fake, like "I work for Apple. I'm something special! Oh, I care about you as long as I benefit from it. If I don't benefit, I couldn't care less about you." There does not seem to be genuine authenticity among coworkers and lack of actual care/concern for others and backstabbing has taken place. -Individuality is "encouraged", however if your individual ideas don't align with Apple's culture, you should forget voicing anything in fear of harsh criticism. -Benefits for part-time employees aren't very good. For a company that makes billions, the benefit package for part-time is pathetic compared to full-time. -Training is sub-par and more "fluff" than actual useful training, such as "This Apple product will change your life. You can go to the outer reaches of space and back. It'll blow your mind. It's so exciting!" Okay, how about telling me something ACTUALLY useful, such as what the device actually does, its tech specs, etc. and not silly garbage like "It'll change my life." -Sometimes, you're expected to do company training on your OWN time because you're only allotted so many working hours per week on part-time and you have no time to do the training while working in the store. Therefore, to get training done and not go over your allotted working hours, it's expected of you to do training in your "free" time and not be compensated for it. -Asking for time off is like pulling teeth, even with a supposed "flexible schedule". -Even if you work only certain days of the week, company emails/texts/calls are coming in at all times/days and you MUST respond even during non-working hours.
Management, Management, Management, and the raise structure is horrible. It is also almost impossible to move up unless one of the managers are your best friend etc
there is nothing i can think of
It’s retail, so the hours are not flexible especially over weekends. The workflow can feel transactional, too fast paced, tiring, monotonous and draining. Especially working with angry customers all day—this tends to suck the energy out of many employees after about 3-4 years.
QA is vastly understaffed and products rarely get the thorough testing needed before the software release date.
Not easy to get promoted within Retail into Management. Political in a way where if you have children and some management experience, you will get pushed ahead of someone else more qualified which can be good and bad.
Can be stressful. You have roughly 170 other coworkers and 10 managers. Customers can be great or a pain in the... Also Apple really doesn't have a clear path for the creative team at the moment.
Approach to talent is old fashion and requirements for onsite vs. remote workers means loosing good talent on a regular basis. The company is a bit self important. Work life balance is not great. You are expected to be on 24 / 7.
hard to get promotions, can be micromanaged at times
Although there are annual reviews for raises, I wish the starting pay was a bit more.
You have to work holidays but you get paid extra so it is worth it to me. Difficult and needy customers will drive you crazy.
Very stressful, very tiring.
sometimes it lacks work-life balance
Poor management consistency. Corporate is tone deaf.
The abundance in resources has engineering team think of elaborate, expensive, one of a kind solutions to periphery problems that others in the industry are solving with really inexpensive, fast, simple solutions. Kind of weird but true in some instances.
there are no cons !
Retail is still retail, even at Apple
Was unable to secure a full time position after 3 years of working with the company
Lots of stress for people, need to nice with people.
No work life balance, not a good long term gig
awful work life balance, mysterious and un-transparent performance rating and bonus payout, poor professional development from managers
Moving up in your career would require relocating to Cupertino
Minimum availability requiremets often did not allow me to balance my work/life/school schedule.
Work schedule is hectic and dealing with the average joe who assumes they have a degree in technology can be kinda overwhelming and your always on your feet
Open availability is required for full time retail. Weekend work is not ideal for a family. Store is very loud most of the time.
Too much nepotism makes it hard to move forward.
PART TIME HOURS SUCK ESPECIALLY FOR NJ AND NY AREA
There happens to be a lot of fun
Well... Discounts are not a big deal.
Nothing at all say to anybody
Frustrating constantly tying to adapt to a business that is growing very fast.
Extensive Interviews but keeps the silly people away. Sometimes "Clique" depending on your position.
It's difficult to get a promotion. Bonuses and raises are small during performance review. There is not a strong job rotation program.
Growth wasn't the best, it depends on what manager you get.
very little to have cons .
No downsides, you get what you put in to the role.
No free lunch/dinner options. Long working hours and typically tight deliverable dates.
Always short staffed. Retail hours.
- employees are kept in the dark on corporate level operations - leaders are not well versed in all areas of the store - micro-managing at its best - focuses and priorities change rapidly - not enough technical training
If you don't enjoy working weekends, it's not the place for you.
Customers act entitled and as if they own you.
Can't get promotion if you are outspoken, in spite of that being a primary function of each role with company.
No room for growth. No work life balance. Company hires high performing creative people and treats them like an average retail employee. You expect more from the richest company in the world.
No cons.no cons so far
The political environment can be extremely tough to manage. It's common for people to be in role for 10 years
Big Brother Vibe because the apple always is listening evaluating and reprimanding
Some management hired from outside company with skewed scope, facilities in a mall, long hours on release weekends, mandatory meetings on sundays, uniform
none i can think of
Erratic retail schedule Entitled customer base Can be a very stressful environment Work/life balance
Had to work on the weekend
Fast paced, high stress. Apple is always innovating which can lead to change for changes sake. Not all initiatives were ready for store roll out.
No cons. I like my job
A lot of secrets to be kept
Management doesnt care about the customers
Middle Management needs improvement. Not much movement.
Customer service, after all it is retail no matter the role.
Hard work need to be highly knowledgeable
None it was great all around.
Some stressful situations. Answering the same questions over and over for customers gets old. Retail hours are rough.
I work for IS&T and my review and opinion is not for entire Apple. - Its very hierarchical with outdated management style. Engineering managers with poor people management skills are in plenty here. They cannot be trusted and they make no effort to build trust. Don't expect a transparent appraisal process like in other big league companies. - There is no standard work culture, compensation and rewards across all divisions. It varies very widely. Knowing about the hierarchy, their products and its visibility are important if someone is planning to join. In general, products that are used by end users of apple products have high visibility and people work there get well rewarded for good work. Its better to avoid auxiliary or products made for internal customers. They have very tight budget and rewards are hard to come. Hence lack of transparency and silly politics. - This is of least concern, but if you are a foodie, then you will be disappointed. No free food. Food in Cafeteria is average and expensive.
Lack of hours when needed
No work/life balance, scheduling
Needs of the individual are often overlooked
Every year it feels like you're grinding to the next deadline.
Long work hours, can be hectic and stressful around holidays, frequently unpredictable and inflexible scheduling. The company overall places a high value on secrecy, there is minimum transparency about business objectives and future plans.
Senior and executive leadership. Pay for managers is also way to low considering what the expectations are.
Still has the cons of being a retail job, so angry customers are still common due to the nature of this position being tier 2 technical support
Long term career path is available if you stay within your line of business but not if you want to move into another division Increase in third-party vendors for T1 iOS
You're just another employee. It's hard to get promoted, even if you buss your butt every quarter. Long hours of standing on your feet.
It is still retail, and can wear you down. It is also comfortable enough it's easy to get stuck.
Retail hours and inconsistent schedule.
Mall hours, often rude customers, constantly busy
Occasionally work/life balance can be difficult.
Pay inequities between new hires and tenured employees working in the same job role.
Poor Management, lack ability to change job roles, employees are not placed where their strengths will succeed. Apple's culture is gone along with Steve.
Being treated like a kid
-Sometimes they focus to much on your performance that you have no control over -Not much room for growth
Too much infighting, weak leadership
none nothing is negative here
*had to work certain hours based on organization i was in, College org, had to work 2 shifts starting at 6pm CST during the week, and one could be at any time of day  * would be a great job for me had i not been in CST zone
Customers are the worse to deal with
Not much, best place ive worked
Love it are leave it I say and best place on planet!! They say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth... No way it's here!!
Leadership transparency is not always that great.
Long hours, frequent travel to Asia
>team was male dominant in a bad way >we were part of leadership...then one day we weren't which was weird to navigate
Upset customers and long call times.
Food is expensive ($8 for salad, $10 for main dishes) Very smart Co-workers makes you feel average Hard to make a big impact Changing teams is risky and awkward (you go through full interview, your manager will find out and if the new team doesn’t want you, well, it will be pretty awkward)
When theres a lot of people it can be overwhelming
By design, Apple is rigorously siloed and the environment is combative.
working under Kelly services, horrible management, lack of training, when ILOG is not working Kelly do not pay employees, horrible and unprofessional team leads. I blame apple for allow Kelly services to have employees slaving all day and make pocket change when apple would hired candidates directly pay them more money and give them full benefit for the same exact position . it is very sadden that apple president can live with himself knowing he have folks working under staffing agency and get treated horribly . Apple should end the contracts with the staffing agencies immediately , although I'm still a customer I do not love apple products anymore, because I am the same customer/employee who treated like trash by apple's business partner. Why allowing people to do the same exact job for less money no benefits and rather spend thousands of dollars paying the staffing agencies?
retail isn't a longterm career for everyone
Time management working from home
Still retail even though you're working for apple
Very long interview process and is very difficult to move upward into management, as all employees are extremely qualified and driven
Long hours, management sometimes disconnected.
If you working in s big store with high volume, you might get tired at some point dealing with customers
Work life balance. Retail hours. ALWAYS busy.
Very little upward mobility, working from home on holidays is terrible, Very very low pay especially for the amount of knowledge you’re required to maintain
No one listens to the employees, the culture is a manage with no knowledge
I don't have any cons, unless your a person who cant handle constructive criticism.
pay sucks compared to their benefits
resentment among peers, hard to understand retention vs. attrition rates
Retail hours are tough for many people. If you don’t want to be a manager it’s hard to make it a long term career. Back end systems are very buggy and unreliable, making job hard sometimes.
Late hours long lines lots of questions
Dealing with angry and annoying people.
Work from home, Customers can be irate for issues caused by them and not the company which can make for a call pretty difficult.
Extremely difficult to get hired... the rate of my "group" was a 4.5% which is a lower chance of getting into Harvard.
Groups can get silo'd while development takes place. Would love to be able to test features from other groups.
Nothing bad to say about the company of the cons.
Leadership varies widely store to store and often times for the worse outside of a handful of stores.
-Not enough hours -Pay is good depending on where you live
Slow - no growth opportunties
Monotonous work I think it is not fun.
I don't have an cons- the company does a great job of keeping work fun and exciting, so it never gets stale.
heavy workload on the weekends
Many times the work quantity can add up quickly, and there are few people to share responsibility with or have assist. Very thin organizations.
Work/life balance isn't always there. Middle managers aren't well equipped to help employees with career growth so you have to fend for yourself.
Metrics are becoming more and more important
Hard to grow and keep moving at a rate that feels good
Hard to move up the latter.
The work can be repetitive, like any customer service job you must be very patient. Hours and time off can be a challenge
Lots of micromanagement if you work remote
The pay is horrible. For the expectations of the level of Customer Service, pay is subpar. Apple boasts they hire the best of the best, but doesn't pay as if that is so. Unless Supervisor role or higher, you will make less than $32,000/year
Did not provide us with all tools needed for the job
Ambiguity is probably the biggest con
This is on the Retail side only. It is hard to get promoted once you are in a position in Apple. While management says there isn't any favoritism, there is. You'll often feel like those that suck up to management are the ones that get the promotion.  Schedules are incredibly demanding and hard. You will be required to work many days you'd prefer to be off. While they try to work with you, expect to not really be able to set a schedule for other events.
Pay a bit lower (though still quite good) than normal tech. Can be slow moving. Very long commute (from SF).
Repetitive job if you like change this is not the right job for you people still have the same questions everyday
Cant think of any right now
Work weekends and hours are different all the time if you're full time which can make work personal life difficult
Everything is so bright and so loud in that store. There is no sound proofing of the walls or ceilings so there is a constant low roar of people whisper yelling all day long. People that come into the Genius Bar expect you to be their fix for everything that is wrong in their life because their phone or Mac computer is their life. If photos of their dead husband aren't backed up, you must tell them their photos of their dead husband are gone and then you have to also explain it in a way that makes them feel like it's not your fault or their fault and then move on to your other 3 ongoing appointments to explain similar losses and failures to people face to face. Emotionally draining, intellectually challenging and gloomy.
Discounts could be better, Barely any Work /Life Balance as shifts could be 9 hours some days,
Micro management galore Meager pay increases Constantly increasing list of responsibilities with raises that don't reflect increased workload Culture can be overwhelming Very metrics driven
It's retail. There's minimal growth potential into the corporate side from retail. Makes it frustrating to not be considered for Cupertino positions.
Stressing out on unnecessary things. Coworkers my be getting on your nerves and you don't know what to do. You also have to be careful of what you are doing
It is a retail job
Poor HR support, lack of training
More mobility to move up in company
only accept the offer in the position that you really want to work, inside mobility is a shady maneuver
Pay could be a little better for those who perform their job very well and have been with the company many years (raise increments are slight). The noise level in the store is very loud and makes consultations and conversations with customers much harder than they need to be, which in turn makes the job more stressful than it needs to be.
politics, night hours, advancement opportunities
retail hours, variable schedule, underpaid for tech support, understaffed
pay too low, difficult to get time off, no control over schedule
long hours. weekend work. upset customers
too many people want to give solutions
Very bad morale. Motivation by fear of "losing your job". Operations management is extremely bad, political, trite, petty, and not going to change. Line level managers are slaves to senior managers or replaced. If you end up under the wrong mentor and they get on the wrong political side, you are screwed. Not allowed to transfer even if offered other roles. Lots of really bad people here, but likely about average for silicon valley. Not a place for working fathers of young kids unless your wife stays home from work. Working mothers are given space. Must be able to work long hours, sit in your desk, make small talk non-stop to get promoted. More about not making waves and sitting in a cubicle than productivity. Ask yourself how Apple maps was released several years ago with so many problems?
I felt we were treated like robots. Management constantly condescends and micro-manages you. They are so cutthroat about getting ahead, they don't mind treating Specialists like cattle.
you have to work for it.
Stressful, Pay is lower than desired
Virtually no way to climb latter. Put more stock into interview skills than actual work ethic and results. With retail hours, there is not a whole lot of work life balance if you do something on the side.
It was retail so there's that. Otherwise, Apple's core values were seen company wide.
Hard to move on up within a retail environment. Certain areas of the building should be paid more based on what is being asked from them to do.
It's still retail at the end of the day. Toxic politics depending on the store you work you're at. Most managers focus on numbers/metrics rather than focusing on your career. Work/Life balance is pretty much nonexistent if you're full time.
Too much politics. Many Directors make poor decisions without understanding their impact. Too much reliance on vendor partnerships with companies who don’t have Apple’s best interest in mind.
Long hours, customer attitude, Travel
angry customers that forget their passwords
not sure there are any bad things.
Low pay for high level talent
* Politics. * Their secrecy culture. You can't talk to anyone about anything even within the company you may not know who has the appropriate disclosure. No public speaking or open source development opportunities because of this culture. * Despite being the wealthiest company in the world, they are very cheap and penny pinch everything. * Misguided focus and direction on unimportant, noncritical initiatives by management in AIS * Career path and progression within AIS is severely lacking.
Like its products, Apple doesn't want the general public to know what's going on behind the curtain. The laid back feel was more forced and the opportunity to grow is confined to their ideas of where growth should lead. The company has had it's fall from grace since founder Steve Jobs passed away, and given it's been 5 years (as of writing) since I've worked there, things may have changed.
retail hours - work on holidays
- Hard to move up within the company  - Must be able to deal with ambiguity  - Pay not as competitive
Very hard to get promoted.
I think working retail is stressful. Work on weekends
-if you're full time you will have little to no work/life balance. - be ready to get screamed at by angry customers over things you cannot control -be ready around rumored launches to be accused of knowing when the new product is coming out and not telling customers - some employees forget they're in a RETAIL store, even if it is apple. It gets to their head and they think they're hot stuff
Apple HR is the worst HR I've met in my career: they have no problems lying and are generally unprofessional if not borderline rude. After 6 years working at Apple, when I gave my notice, they walked me out of the door without much of a thank you and ended my health insurance coverage straight away. This is petty, unprofessional and borderline evil. I don't recommend anyone to work Apple, the risks are too big compared to the rewards.
Retail politics become troublesome after some time.
Extremely difficult to move up, only big company with no free food, very extreme corporate type world
Hmmm...hard to think of any major cons. Could they pay more? Probably. Hammocks in the break rooms? Sure!
Zero accountability for peers. Customer base is high maintenance and job is very stressful at the bottom. Pay seems to start high, but levels off. No upward mobility. I've been sworn at, physically threatened, and personally attacked, no management to back up. HR helpline is a joke, they are friends with the management that they are supposed to be holding accountable. You're not allowed to feel anything but "profound positivity".  Get in at the job you want, upwards mobility is almost non-existent. Management has a "hands off" approach. No accountability, hidden behind a term called "fearless feedback". You are to hold your peers accountable. Your management team will not.
Almost has a 1984 groupthink mentality.
Limited benefits and non competitive salary
None to give as this was a very positive learning experience for me. I've worked in very standard companies for most of my life. The experience at Apple who values people for who they are was clear to me. Some of the brightest people I've worked with are there.
Prepare to be VERY busy, especially during the holidays, but that's not really a bad thing!
Nothing I can think of now
Retail Scheduling Repetitive Communication limited growth opportunity in retail.
Sometimes took triple chats at once, almost mandatory over time during holidays
It's a big company, so it's easy to get lost in the mix sometimes.
Limited growth opportunities Stressful Competition among peers
scheduling is really hard on older folks that have a rough time with the scheduling change every three months and the schedules are vast. bidding has to be done to get the one you want and if you don't, oh well on to the next one (AppleCare). Retail hours like any retail store.
Career opportunities are limited for store employees, as well as the pay, it really sucks for store employees but they make up with some awesome benefits.
I haven't run into any yet
there isn't much that I dont like
No cons all pros here
selective but i do understand that they employ people also to be successful and will also bring them that success in the future.
Don't make Commission, Customers can talk down to you, and try to make you feel stupid.
Corporate hasn't been genuinely interested in a reasonable approach to certain tech logic for a while now. Full-time is ridiculously difficult to achieve, or incredibly easy (depending on so many factors). Each store fosters an entirely different culture (some stores are extremely toxic, some are amazing).
- Apple runs a really tight ship. Small teams who do a lot of work. - There is no support for their internet businesses unless you're part of the Apps or Music store. - No insight into upper management or across teams - Not a lot of diversity, especially for women in upper management positions
VERY Political , This company isn't ideal for a family.
the only con is some people don't like 9 to 5 it is that kind of company
None. Any cons are quickly outweighed with many pros.
Always busy and customers expect a lot from you
- Still a retail environment
Sometimes cliques develop between areas of stores
nothing at all i love it
Base salary is average, challenging work-life balance
- Harder than other jobs to get promoted to a higher position - The "numbers" you need to reach are contradicting Apple's focus to present a "new" kind of retail environment
Over use of dealing with ambiguity and leadership is never on the same page when it comes to direction or communication.
They talk a great game about personal development, but it's only for some.
Spending so many hours in front of computer is not good for the health or posture. Finding path forward for advancement is tough depending on company's larger situation. Advisors who started working from 2011 - 2013 had a much stronger chance to be promoted to leadership positions. After about 2015 there have been fewer hiring pushes and many senior advisors might feel there aren't enough opportunities to move up from here.
pay is alright, a bit edgey at times.
Chaotic, competitive work culture. Very poor work-life balance with constant expectations to work late nights and weekends.
Too much beating around the bush Beauracracy Pay and earning potential
It can be highly stressful , keeping a work-life balance is very important.
Stressful environment and the customers mostly suck. Apple caters to entitlement and has an awful rating system that if it isn't perfect, is looked down upon. It's non stop, all the time.
Wow. Maybe for a cold, or the flu. But try Apple's healthcare when you need behavior health or even just a physical, and you don't work on a campus where it is readily available. It ends up to be the worst insurance ever that only pays 17 percent less than the second worst insurance company and that equals waiting 8 weeks to get help, seeing the same terrible doctor for over four years, because he is literally the only practice wishing 50 miles of me that will accept UHC's unfair payout. And even then I swear I'm only seen out of empathy. Why can't the best company in the world choose the best insurance provider in the world, instead of the one who makes the most money? Because even living with 45 minutes of NYC, I have 1 option for a psychiatrist that is in network. One option. Healthcare providers are dropping UHC like it's worse than Medicaid/Medicare and I wish Apple's credo was accurately reflected in how they choose to help us. But right now it couldn't be any worse.
could be a little more people focused, no clear job progression
not too many cons. cool place to work for. not too much to progress
Not much meaningful growth, tedious bureaucracy, frustrating shift times.
Work life balance is bit difficult
Retail sales hours for most employees.
No Cons, great job while in school or career for those who choose to pursue.
You really have to love retail, and be willing to have very little work/life balance. If you want to have a life and friends outside of work, don't work here. The philosophy of Apple is great, their intentions are basically very good, however, in practice their main concern is for the business. While this is understandable (they are in business to make money, after all), they don't seem to be able to play out their ideals in real-life. Their "internal customers" (employees) definitely get the short end of the stick. If you want time off, you'd better be willing to fight for it and request it months in advance. All of that being said, they do try to do the right thing... they just don't manage to pull it off very well. Difficult to advance, even with a lot of experience.
No room to grow, Weak raises
Sometimes there are too many conflicting priorities Pay is lower than most other retailers The better you do the more work you are given
Micromanagement. It can be very micromanaged considering there are 3 managers on the floor at once
Work/life balance. Random hours.
The organization is heavily layered, and some managers are interested in their own advancement rather than the productivity of the team as a whole.
not many of them but traffic is one.
Some managers come from Best Buy and try to biting their culture with them. They also try to bring strategies from other stores they've worked.
schedule is not forgiving, difficult to find a work/life balance, difficult to move up if you aren't sales motivated
High expectations and fast paced environment.
Certain perks and benefits don't extend to contractors and overtime isn't available for contractors as well. Nonetheless, it's still a great opportunity.
The constant change in managers made it difficult to continue on a path of self growth
- Top-down management - Little room for growth in retail
Retail life work balance Not a lot of growth potential, especially working yourself up within company
standing for hours, micro managers
They expect your schedule to work around theirs even as part time. Don't expect to have much of a social life. Tim Cook likes to force his opinions on employees.
Nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing
Metrics based performance, My Manager
Limited opportunity for growth if seeking a non retail, non California position
Sadly, there are none I can think of..
None so far, so far so good
Hard to advance depending on management.
No room for advancement in company unless you want to move to California or stay with the company for more than 5 years.
Superficial at times. Job becomes repetitive. Limited upward mobility for part time employees. All the negative stuff that comes with working in retail.
-Extremely demanding workload with tight deadlines, prepare to feel overwhelmed for months at a time -Management makes it feel hard to take earned vacation of more than 1 week without at least 3-4 months' notice -Often hard to get resources you need (human resources, hardware, software tools) -Slackers who have been at Apple too long to get fired will make your life harder
Hours aren't very flexible, metrics are used to evaluate employees, cliques.
Pay was mediocre in my opinion, advancement is very difficult, don't leave your desk for more than 30 seconds to use the bathroom or a manager will have control of your computer or called you 10 times. Held to a standard based on metrics but in reality the company only likes fake happy people that think Apple is the greatest thing on earth. Many of the managers are not leaders, just puppets. It is a requirement to work at least one weekend day and advisor's DO NOT get company holidays off they usually are asked to work extra.
No benefits and it was minimum wage.
No clear goals or objectives. They change on the whim of whoever's turn is to manage. Even with stelar performance reviews both by customers and managers I was never offered the position I had requested since being hired because manager said "I needed the support form my peers."  I felt like I had to run a political campaign to be elected rather than being offered a position because I was the right man/woman for the job.  There was, at least at my store, a clear bias to offer that position to women. Maybe because they wanted to look cool and show they were truly diverse. In my opinion, you should hire the right person for the job irrespective of race, gender, preference, religion or orientation.  They turned very quickly from being a great place to learn, grow and develop, to just another retail hell. Not much different from any other outlet in that mall.
Hours are too long for anyone
Metrics, Time, Supervisor duties, Movement
The customers can be absolutely terrible
Hard to move up and around
Not a lot of room for advancement.
Forget about work/life balance if you are full-time. Extremely hard to accommodate family time on a weekend. You'll never get a significant raise, above 5%. Mangers get quarterly bonuses for reaching sales goals, but rest of staff doesn't. Not very fair since it takes performing staff to reach sales goals.
Some of the supervisors are very very critical and not at all helpful.
Apple corporate and Apple retail are two different things. Prepare to sacrifice your personal life, and any sense of work/life balance. Everything ends up revolving around Apple.
It can be incredibly challenging dealing with the masses of people in a sometimes crowded space. It's hard to have certain conversations with difficult clients. Every situation is different which can lead to frustration. Sometimes it's hard to find supplies in appointments.
- Poor middle management. - Poor work life balance. - An archaic "not invented" here mentality. - Managers tend to dictate engineering approaches.
super busy, management is terrible, extreme level of customer service, can get a lot every now and then.
Work-Life Balance isn't there, but then again, it is retial.
Retail hours pretty much suck. Also management can get a little high and mighty. I worked in a mall and that can obviously be miserable during holidays (and not)
there is no work and life balance
Advancement within the company can be stagnent.
You can easily get lost in the madness. It's a high stress role, there's always something going on. Expect to join evening calls sometimes.
* Sometimes your secret project never sees the light of day, and you can't talk about your work because of NDAs/secrecy. * Not all in leadership are great to work for. Some micro-manage or are fearful in ways that can ruin a team experience. * Your peers will have strong opinions and argue intelligently for them. Don't take it personally, be open to being wrong, pick your battles. Challenge your peers respectfully if you want to win them over. * It can be hard to shine brightly among so many stars--you must consistently exceed expectations to get the best compensation increases, bonuses, or promotions. * When peers work extra and you don't, it may be hard to exceed expectations and advance. If you value family time, find a group where most employees keep fairly regular hours and tell you to "go home" when you stay late.
Big discrepancy with salaries of people in the same position
retail job, day to day is the same, lots of turn over
No work-life balance. Limited resources to fix software issues.
Sometimes the directions of the stores and markets diverges from what the corporate level says.
working at home is lonely im sure it is different at campus. There are limitations when it comes to this role such as the social aspect
Practices and procedures change frequently. Unfriendly senior advisers.
You have to always be better then you are.
Can sometimes be hectic in the store
Well orchestrated machine but middle management can sometimes hide behind their seniority and "lack of time" and place excessive responsibility on DRIs who may burn out or get discouraged by executive kickback
Rude people and not for the short tempered
Retail hours. Retail mindset. Retail customers. Dealing with ambiguity is pushed beyond it's limits and meaning.
too much confidential to protect
Diversity by token only. Leadership routinely make discriminatory and derogatory remarks. Membership in a specific church more important than ability. High turnover rate. Employees not valued. Unfair promotion practices. Pay raises are insulting with new hires valued more than tenured employees (the 2 for Compensations & Benefits isn't for pay). Sweatshop atmosphere--pressure to take two and three customers at once and spend less time with each. There is a disconnect between corporate values and actions on the store level. While the customer should always be king, little to no support in extremely difficult customer situations -- throwing employee under the bus. Requirement of journaling to leadership plus coaching feedback negate anonymity on surveys with those who leave a poor rating being targeted and forced to resign--the best advice I can give to employees is to opt out of the survey. Unequal enforcement of policy. Leadership puts their personal benefit in front of customers and employees and frequently bump their repairs to the front of the repair line and cover repairs out of warranty.
They change your schedule every three months, causing your entire family to uproot their routines along with it. It's a huge hassle when you have to find new babysitters, and set new schedules every couple of months. Once you get used to one routine, you have to change it. If Apple cared about their employees at all, they would stop this practice and give set shifts like the rest of the world.
Apple is huge, so depending on the product there can be a feeling of too many cooks in the kitchen.
Not a lot of time for personal life.
Work / life balance can be a challenge if you are not actively managing it.
Moving from the retail side to the corporate level is exceedingly challenging, frequent manager turnover
Very little recognition and honor for tenure. Limited room for promotion- brown nosing required. Sometimes, metrics don't make sense for the position. No consequences for making the same mistakes over and over again.
The secrecy required for product management trickles all the way down the company. In my department, management insisted upon not documenting any processes, never had team meetings, and only rarely communicated critical information. There's always ambiguity in tech, but this culture amounted to devoting most of my time to trying to find what I needed to do my job correctly. Also, once I did locate the correct resource, I was usually denied my request to access data I literally had to have to do my job correctly. With no support, this became maddening.
Nothing to speak of at the moment.
It's Retail. Schedules will be as such, Customer interactions can be great but sometimes awful.
No time for training when work changes, completely unorganized training modules, policies change multiple times a month. Playing favorites with employees is unfair and wrong.
Promotions are handed out to the folks they like. Hard work doesn't mean anything to them. You can be a top performer but if management doesn't like you, you go no further in the company. They lose a lot of good people based on that.
- no commission - hard to grow or be promoted - leadership is out of touch - should pay more
It can be hard to get a full time position.
- retail job - hours are at the mercy of whoever makes the schedule, but you can request off 3 weeks in advance - you used to have a preferred day off that could be a weekend, but now you can only choose a preferred weekday off
That all being said.... customers can be demanding, rude and brutal... at the end of the day you may question your existence and ponder if life is worth living. But.. then you look around at your co-workers who are all absolutely amazing, lean on them and soldier on. However, once you're in.. getting rid of a bad apple is tough which can be a drag. These are rare, but you have to make sure you follow feedback and go to the store manager if it gets bad enough to affect your work happiness.
hard to move up, favoritism, not diverse on management and above levels
Difficult to advance. I have friends who are in positions that are beneath their skill levels who have been denied numerous times for promotions. I am not one of these people.
Pay is low compared to other companies with similar roles. Educational reimbursement only for full time and if you're working 40 hrs company will not work with you on scheduling. Scheduling is horrible. No advanced training. No room for growth. Middle Managers brought in from competitors to help maintain service levels. lack of diversity. Apple diverts to spending money on a stupid self driving car instead of investing in front line employees.
some management is very poor, and the area managers do no help
Lack of empathy, respect and humanity with management. Values are one attitude is different story
No life-work balance, lots of politics
Long working hours and fast paced
Your work life balance was good only if your work was your life. There was never time to take a vacation.
Biggest con was dealing with the customers who had outrageous expectations. Even though it wasn't the majority of folk, there's still plenty of people who come to Apple under the impression that any employee can fix any problem at that moment, so resetting expectations can be tough. Management usually does a good job having your back and cooling people off though, which helps.
The company is going through a lot of changes at the retail level and some of the managers don't know how to handle said changes, making the processes and bringing down the moral of the employees from different teams, making them feel unappreciated and undervalued. In some cases it is obvious that they have their favorite employees, by promoting them without allowing more experienced co-workers to interview.
Long hours and constant changes in management.
There weren't many opportunities to grow within the company
stressful, political, hard to connect to leaders
- Overworked - 60 hours work weeks are normal. Weekends and vacation are basically work days. - People are not qualified, since they have severe brain drain to other better paying companies. - Management just lies to you repeatedly. Don't trust a word HR tells you from the day you sign the offer to the day you leave. - Toxic environment - No diversity in HWTE, as in English is not the preferred language of communication. The group is all foreign from a specific Asian country. - Pay is not competitive - Too much politics - Cheap company - Benefits are average -- definitely not competitive for Bay Area
None, nothing bad to say
Training is mandatory 9 weeks and you can't miss a day. Not much cons come with working with a leading brand like Apple
- Can't think of any at the moment
Difficult to move up in the company.  Locations are not consistently good. Some have a saturated work force and unsatisfactory management.
Unflexible hours Micromanaging Managers Improper expectations are often set
poor management, they dont seem to care about your development but possibly the do just dont show it or give enough time, they favor certain employees, building rapport is harder than you think
Busy holidays, Difficult to maintain short call times
Do not plan on feeling very comfortable in the break room if you are conservatively leaning in your politics. While the team can be welcoming, it goes only as far as their prejudices go- learn your audience and share personal information sparingly if it involves your personal views.
Lack of schedule flexibility, required to work on holidays, can be draining work
Not all leaders follow the credo. Depending on your location decision makers may be influenced to make poor choices just to save themselves.
Communication from management could be better .
limited scope of work
Very hard to move up within the company. People usually get looked over and the job takes a toll on you. Internal employees are not paid much when moving to new positions.
Terrible scheduling, incompetent management. Terrible salary.
Troubleshooting Macs No other Cons
Everything else was very horrible.
no free food / strict deadlines
Lateral or vertical career moves can sometimes be very challenging.
-Retail time -Can get more money elsewhere They've become really indifferent to how wildly fluctuating work times affect your life. True of all retail, but Apple used to be better. Most of the other downsides are things that are endemic to retail and not worth rehashing here.
Politics, no shortage of type As.
not a lot of perks, too many secrets
Hard to move in the company. At the end of the day, it's still retail. There's only a merit increase once per year... no raise due to inflation or cost of living.
Work weekends and retail hours. Deal with angry customers on occasion.
- Bad/unhealthy environment as there are a few people who love to spend time on micro-managing others - Work from home is not an option in my current team
Hours are hard on Families. Pay is not good. No real advancement possibilities. Not enough commute coverage. No real bonus opportunities.
A lot of travel. Late night concalls. Long hours. Pushing to achieve the impossible can be exhausting. Atmosphere can be competitive at times.
unnecessary changes sometimes, not much career outlook at least for my position
Long hours. Compensation/benefits are not competitive (despite what they may claim). Some skills may not be transferable. May have to deal with technical debt. Management hires fewer people than needed, which contributes to technical debt issues.
- no direct path beyond retail, though there are ways to get to the next level
There are limited growth opportunities
No room to grow too many politics Hires and promotes people from outside not within the family.
Genius Bar is hectic on weekends, & gets stressful. 60% of the bar shifts are spent resetting passwords, and dealing with people who don’t know what a backup is, or that multiple devices = multiple appointments.
Little career progression planning, stagnant hierarchy.
It's retail, so you deal with that BS
Shift bids can be in the way especially if you are looking for a schedule to be consistent. If your matrix are consistent, so will your schedule.
Nothing that I can say.
Management doesn't care about you. They only care about making themselves look good not helping you move up.
Nothing wrong here I have nothing to complain about the company. The company apple stands by their credo and help try to make the world better than how they found it.
Sometimes seems fake or forced
Perhaps work life balance since it's an at home position. You do start to miss seeing people in person... or leaving your home for that matter
typical overworked, shoddy corp culture,
Continuos phone time became repetitive
Due to high competition, growth can be hard to obtain. Schedule is all over the place. Compensation could be way better.
pay was low for this position
Cons were specific to the particular store, management needed to better communicate.
Job was not steady, fear of losing job to overseas companies. Was eventually asked to relocate out of state (cheaper wage) or be laid off.
Horribly mismanaged customer support sector Extremely busy queues Awful customers
• If at a retail level, it will be exhausting • When looking to advance, some managers can be biased
Very demanding and tough to move up.
Work life Balance, upward mobility, questionable changes potentially to customer service
The hours can be long
- The Mac Genius salary should be better. They lose a lot of talent and passionate people because of that. - They no longer offer California Genius training. You now do it online. No inspiring Cupertino trip. - Management became so stringent and numbers based that you barely had more than 5 minutes for an appointment and were often worked beyond mental capacity by being forced to troubleshoot 3 customer's devices at once(customers also hated this). - Genius Bar overbooked and understaffed... not really sure why. - You are constantly being watched and given feedback, to an almost alarming degree. Stressful.
Very fast paced - if you are shy or not a "people person" you will not enjoy this job. Can become very repetitive Slow during non-product launches
Management's lack of being able to identify good talent. In other words, they play favorites, BIG TIME. They will butter you up and say, "I think we can get you where you want to be", etc. and then give the spot to someone who sucks at their job and as a person. The usual politics.
Wish there was better scheduling options
Poor work/life balance, poor upper management, and horrible company culture.
Can sometimes be difficult to advance career.
It takes a while to move up in position, so if you are looking to advance quickly, good luck. It will take min of 2-3 years before you see anything of value.
Difficult to get promotions, even lateral ones. Very political environment. Management seems to have a very phony sense of empathy towards employees. Witnessed a lot of blatant favoritism during my 6 years in various retail stores. Frequently understaffed considering the constant demand of customers. Expected to achieve sales goals plus other metrics with no real incentive/reward. The blind allegiance most employees have towards the brand and culture is kind of creepy.
Long hours, lot of customers,
Working for Apple was better a few years back. Now, a lot of changes are happening that effect employees experience.
Secrecy policies make collaboration across teams VERY difficult. Employee Burn-out. End-product only benefits the wealthy few. For-profit cafeterias.
No weekends, No holidays, underpaid
Some upper employees don't like their jobs and take it out on lower employees. But luckily for me, not my manager.
None that I can think of
No free lunch & gym
"work life balance" is imbalanced
Retail management is constantly contradicting themselves, unorganized and often misleading. Very difficult to schedule important family events outside of work due to demand for hours and scheduling issues.
Arrogance, politics, long work hours, people feel threatened by your smartness so easily that they try to throw you under the bus on every chance they get. People steal your credit all the time
Too much of a focus on "numbers" and "sales percentages" at our individual store.
No cons for this job.
Intense work culture, long hours required to get the jib done
underpaid and would not let work overtime
- terrible hours, no work/life balance - if you want to move up and are qualified, they will have you do higher level work without a pay raise - compensation does not match difficulty of work, no holiday bonuses - no proper training on the products - very cult- like atmosphere - nobody actually knows what they are doing
Schedule is erratic and unpredictable. Very difficult to have a personal life when you're expected to have open availability.
Angry customer sometimes but tht what bond to happen sometimes just gotta keep a positive vibe and try to make the customers calm down
The culture will kill your soul. They want to talk about the company being progressive and open but those are ambiguous buzz words designed to get the most work out of you for the least amount of investment. They will not follow through on their nice words.
Have not see much other than difference in cultures among various teams
have not seen much concerns.
Depending on your position, advancement can be very limited. Retail positions are not designed for long term career fulfillment, so plan accordingly
Have to work at least 1 day on weekends. Odd hours
Management will switch up on you and the idea of moving up in the company is more difficult than it seems. they will contract people outside of the company before promoting someone else
If you're not in with the crowd, you're a face in it. If you just want to do a good job and make something of yourself, don't plan on it unless you're chatty (about nothing) with managers.
Retail. Unreliable schedule. No room for advancement.
Working with the people who walk through the doors is tough. It's a lot like teaching a brand new class everyday and with that dealing with their entitled personalities can be a struggle.
Out of all the positions in retail (Apple) the most stressful with highest turnover rate.
People you have to help (no surprise) don't know what they're doing. Most call frustrated so you need to keep a calm attitude. Some customers will lash out verbally if something doesn't go their way. That just comes with the job.
There is nothing cons,still a new employer,so didn't see anything till now,but I think that the interview was quite difficult
They have a culture of secrecy that, although is used to breed excitement, can be difficult to work around at times.
micromanaging , micromanaging, micromanaging, micromanaging, micromanaging
Difficult to move up the ladder
The Apple secrecy you read about is all true. They're incredibly tight lipped and awkwardly secretive about a retail store, however it doesn't go without warrant...just makes you feel uncomfortable sometimes. Can also cloud managements views, actions, and conversations negatively...so don't be afraid to give them feedback about it! Customer conversations can get redundant and tiring to discuss, older demo is great, but can struggle to grasp concepts. Angry customers. But a pro when you get to see a manager tell them to go pound sand. TO move to management level, your primary best way is to leave the company for a year and then reapply as manager. External value on managers specifically perceived as far too high.
Management can be a pain
United Health Care - this ripoff outfit can't even tell the same story consistently. I'm currently trying to decide whether to buy meds out of pocket, or predictably wind up hospitalized and on disability. The extra costs resulting from the lowest bidder insurance need to be subtracted from any salary offer you get from Apple. And that's before considering the amount of time - mine and my doctor's - they managed to waste.
Worked at several stores, but it really comes down to the team your given. Apple gives a lot of freedom, but that means sometimes the bad apples get in and stay in.
It was a seasonal position
Internal growth and advancement within company difficult at store level.
Nothing at all, everything is pro
Commuting to Cupertino. Promotions are way too slow. Work life balance is not great. It's not dog friendly. Nerds everywhere.
More bureaucratic than it used to be
Treat employees like cattle, have a horrendous turnover rate and over-worked for half the pay at other companies with desktop support engineers
- Work/life balance is very poor - No free food like google and other companies
There is a lot of competition for upper level positions. I've seen many people get demoted or coached out over the years.
To move anywhere you have to be a full-time employee, which is completely understandable. However, as a student that was working there it made it impossible for me to go anywhere.
Customer base can tend to be particularly needy, and work can get very busy, but overall not worse than you'll find in any retail job.
Alot of Micromanaging! Needs to offer higher rates of play.
Not supported by management, easy to get burnt out
Difficult to impact sales, more based around product life cycles
Work/life balance is terrible
-Customers can be very difficult and frequently throw tantrums for not getting their way -No opportunity to move up to corporate roles -Holiday season is a nightmare in the store
No work/life balance Senior management only cares about ROI No retention policy No holidays off Unrealistic metric goals
The management sometimes micromanaged the team, when they were already trying their best. Also, the amount of sick leave could be improved.
admins should be compensated more. they are the main resources for customers, technicians and Managers
Angry people always wanting everything at the moment.
Discounts on products could be better. We do get discounts, but still hard to obtain the products. I feel support the product better if they go through what the customer has here, Not the job for you if you want to work when you want, have your holidays off, or work life balance.
Schedules are unrealistic. Quality is mostly talk, and rarely action.
Secrecy creates conflicts and causes a bad work experience
There are no cons of working at Apple
Burn out. You will get burned out from time to time and you will most likely suffer empathy fatigue. This makes you less empathetic with your family and friends.
Hard Work, Lots of Expectations,
If your team is working on something new and exciting, it can be a little too exciting. The pace seems to gradually increase but never level off.  The "next thing's" features are more important that the bugs-in-the-wild you desperately want to fix for customers.  Since Steve Jobs left, there doesn't feel to be someone at/near the top who has their finger on the pulse of the products. Yes, Steve was intense at times but he really knew what a product or service was supposed to be.  It's hard to take more than 2 weeks of vacation at once without giving a lot of notice (say 4+ months). It's nearly impossible to take more than 3 weeks of earned vacation at once.  HR, in my experience, is poorly managed and has high turnover. It took 3 months to get me an offer in 2005 and HR failed to give me an exit interview despite it being standard operating procedure.
Culture is not good, mysoginistic
Too many managers and they are not all on same goals like they never have management meetings to discuss issues, stand points and goals. They also favoritism.
work load could get to you
Overwhelming at times but worth it
Only a t-shirt for christmas??? No bonuses?? Apple is always wanting you to do more with less... no more money. Apple thrives off of this chatoic atmosphere, and it gets old real fast. I felt like i was a swap monkey and pickup up monkey (for peoples finished repair retrieval). Apple's training was innovative 7 yrs ago, now you can go to another company and get the same thing. Dont be fooled by the in store career experiences either. They'll make you bust your __ and go with someone else when the job becomes available. I alway felt like i was giving, and not receiving anything...had to bounce!!! #deuces
Sometimes you don't get a good schedule, absence policy can be tough, constantly changing work, occasionally triple customers at the same time.
people are aggresvie. no free lunch.
Some projects are overstaffed sometimes
none whatsoever, absolutely great place to work
Comp pays for sacrifice of work/life management, politics at most levels, constantly stretching individuals.
The expectation for a store leader to work 40 hours a week is totally unrealistic. Work/ life balance is horrible. It is also definitely true that people leave bosses not jobs
Too much security, Lack of office space
micromanagement and terrible customers sometimes
Don't color outside the lines. Just do what you're asked, and leave any creativity/innovation to senior execs.
- Difficult to Advance Career internally
There is no cons of this company
Intense work environment so can be challenging.
Work-life balance on weekdays it that bothers you, very steep learning curve
This could be a pro or a con. As a part time employee I sometimes worked close to 40 hours a week.
Very little ability to affect change where change is needed. Unnecessary and often inconvenient changes are made to processes/systems with little or no consultation with the employees actually using the process/system.
Retail hours (working weeknights and weekends), even with discounts on products it is hard to afford Apple products
They don't care for the customer anymore it's all about speed and not finding a real solution for the customer.
Heavy work load leading to poor work life balance
Work weekends and holidays, barely any pay
The hours and the customers. They demand you know why their phone sometimes doesn't work. They also expect you to know their password.
The job seemed a little bit monotonous. It didn't seem to me like there was a ton of room for job growth. That may have been my fault, but I felt like there weren't any further opportunities for me.
It's still retail at the end of the day.
More working hours would be nice.
No structured training, often micro managed, customers that are feel entitled, management that doesn't support its staff and rather bends to rude customers.
- Lack of development time - Many stores outdated/too small for current traffic
Middle management & micromanagement: It is luck of the draw getting a good manager, at the team/group level. Some are awesome, professional, and totally fair. Others the exact opposite. Also, shift bids are awful. If you complain loud enough ("I have kids to take to school" etc etc), you will usually always get the prime early morning starts, M-F. For all you single or childless people out there (like me), get ready for lots of PM and weekend shifts. Micromanagement is epic. Brace yourself for having every minute of every work day accounted for. Metrics metrics metrics metrics metrics. It is mind-numbing after a while, and the main reason I left. And I was really GOOD at my job. Cute achievement certificates and pats on the back. But I couldn't take the relentless dilution of everything I did into a number. Incredibly dehumanizing after a time. Oh and favortism. Rampant and overt, some managers hide it better than others .
Apple is slowly caring less about the internal customer. Much more like a big box retailer now. Has developed into the kind of store where screaming for a manager gets you anything.
Not very flexible with their schedules
- Vertical and horizontal growth is far and few - Rarely spoke with Team Manager on what to do to make myself stand out when positions were available.
Micromanagement to the point of irritation. Managers who are not knowledgeable. Constant rude customers who swear, demean, and yell at you on almost every call. Dealing with customer who have valid reasons for being upset due to subpar products and software, and having to pretend that the customer is wrong. Shift bids every 2 months which are based on CSATs and other unattainable metrics. Working with contract employees who have had little to no training. Not allowing customers to access their own information due to some false sense of security. I would not recommend this job to anyone who wants to have work-life balance, pride in the company they work for, a support team, or a sense of self-respect at the end of the day. I am in the Pre-management program and cannot wait to change things at Apple for the better.
Cal volume is always high
It can be difficult to move between jobs, establish a career path, and learn how to succeed here as an IC.
They treat employee like serial number instead of person, been told by manger I am in wrong industry when I expressed I wanted Sunday of to go to church.
It's tired. And sometimes is exhausted
growth in the store or in corporate is very hard
Extremely high expectations, frequent changes, isolating, difficult to manage
Lengthy training. Complicated management structures made what should have been simple processes (e.g. changing availability) lengthy and frustrating due to lack of communication between higher-ups. Management styles were often inconsistent, with some managers a joy to work with and others straight up combative, rude, and impossible to work with. Long hours can be exhausting. Being part-time felt like full-time quite often.
have to deal with a lot of difficult people, retail hours, insane traffic in the stores. company changed for the worse after Steve died.
work life balance could be better
The work/life balance here is somewhat difficult because the nature of retail. Even part time people are expected to be available up to 28 hours a week, on nights, weekends, holidays, etc. The job requires a lot of standing, so be prepared for your legs, feet, back and hips to cry out in pain when you first start. Also, as with all retails jobs, be prepared to deal with rude, angry, and entitled customers all day.
Gets stale tough to think that the company actually cares about you
NO career advancement Discrimination Favoritism Did not honor FMLA Harassment
If you are working in retail there is only so much upward mobility. You can't buy a house with that salary unless you are a leader or have a partner that makes a lot of money. If you do want to work in the Corporate office San Jose is ridiculously expensive. The promotion process is less formal than many other jobs and can sometimes lead to the wrong people getting advanced.
Inconsistent schedule and job can be repetitive
The stores can get kind of busy at times and it never seems like we have enough employees but that's part of the job.
Not a lot of upward mobility  Dealing with the general public has down sides.
There are some instances of pay inequality, and not much room for advancement.
It can be difficult managing work and life. There are vacation days and plenty of opportunities to take time if necessary, but schedules change every 3 months and the shifts are bidded on so you do not know what shift you will have next. Also, it can be difficult to keep spirits up during the holiday rush.
Quality of life will vary among locations Poor work-life balance, especially during holidays Very angry customers, the occasional death threat can begin to wear you down.
Difficult to move up in the company.
Working in the retail store is challenging because of the odd hours that retail requires. However, managers are willing to work with teams to find the best out of retail scheduling chaos. Senior leaders may not always have the Apple knowledge base when they first start out and this makes it challenging to lean on them completely. Big picture, Apple hires great talent for these positions. It has become harder and harder for managers to expand out of their roles and learn and develop new skill sets outside of the retail four walls. Gaining career experience opportunities can be challenging as the requirements for many relevant step ups require that you be a store leader first, which just reinforces the idea of climbing up a ladder, something that culturally does not sit well with how we do business in general, especially at the Retail level.
Working in the retail store is challenging because of the odd hours that retail requires. However, managers are willing to work with teams to find the best out of retail scheduling chaos. Senior leaders may not always have the Apple knowledge base when they first start out and this makes it challenging to lean on them completely. Big picture, Apple hires great talent for these positions. It has become harder and harder for managers to expand out of their roles and learn and develop new skill sets outside of the retail four walls. Gaining career experience opportunities can be challenging as the requirements for many relevant step ups require that you be a store leader first, which just reinforces the idea of climbing up a ladder, something that culturally does not sit well with how we do business in general, especially at the Retail level.
Management, schedules, is hard to move up if you do not meet their strict requirements,
It's retail, retail is brutal You have to chase career opportunities, their highly sought after
Work and life balance can be a challenge.
Listen ... I'm done with Apple...  I'm literally deprogramming myself away from this company. I will say this to those of you aspiring to work there.  THIS IS NOT THE APPLE YOU REMEMBER! This is just another company which happened to inherit the brand and legacy of the Apple of old.  Men: You will need to adopt more feminine attributes to succeed here.  Manly Men, Need not apply.  Women: You will be fine for the most part and then you will be "Put in your place" as well because you are a woman.. And this new apple doesn't like strong women..I know, it sucks but i'm only telling you what to expect... I'm JUST the messenger and am telling you what i've seen consistently happen with this company.  CONSLUSION Work here at your own risk, It will be a nice long run, but when it ends...it will be painful, and cold.  If you are considering working here, that alone tells me that You can do better than this shell of a company that once was amazing.  Promotions only happen if you know somebody Pay raises don't adjust with inflation, or cost of living. Calls come in every 10 seconds for 8hrs..(let that sink in)  BEWARE THE KOOL-AID (THEY WILL BRAINWASH YOU) TONS OF PEOPLE ON MEDICAL LEAVE FOR MENTAL DISABILITY...IT'S REAL.
No home life at all. Mandatory overtime required. Management positions are filled from outside. Once you make T2 you will stay there as they want you on the phones. Had one of many managers asking us to help him get his equipment setup. In 4 years I went through over 20 managers.
There is not any negatives.
As with most retail jobs not having a set schedule can be frustrating. Being treated poorly by customers is awful.
Having a bad work/life balance can be taxing, especially when you work from home. You will always work on the weekends and there isn't much room for advancement. Burnout is inevitable and it is a high stress environment, paired with strict metrics. Tools are breaking all the time and surveys that aren't about your service still count against you. If you are not in the college program, you have to do shift bids to pick your shifts and it will be even harder to have a work/life balance. Time off is EARNED (not a bucket) and you are penalized for being sick, scheduling time off in advance can be a pain since the allowances suck.
There aren't too many cons for working with apple. There is great benefits great people and a great environment. They even help with transferring to other stores.
Can get repetitive, for a technical person like I, I mastered my role and just felt bored. You may change managers a few times, I did 3 times over the course of a year and a half.
Pay could be better with amount of work being done.
Constant management change, retail hours can be tough
None. It was great overall
industry low pay minimal benefits poor management very unorganized poor decision making ignorant scheduling
Company growth over the past 5 years has added too many opinions (many with little to no experience or authority) and layers of approvals, which delays and/or hampers the decision making process and getting s**t done.
Driving through Marin on US 101 S is a nightmare
too much ambiguity at times for nothing
Hours suck, work every weekend and holiday (duh its retail) gets very repetitive and you are stuck doing your managers job half the time while being a leader in sales every quarter...zero bonuses for all the massive sales you do while leadership gets bonus after bonus for YOUR PERFORMANCE.
hard to communicate with management virtually
very very unorganized. I am spending/wasting twice or more time/effort to do the same job that I could have spent much less elsewhere. For an example, there are multiple sources of information that aren't well indexed. Worse, a lot of things are not documented because of the culture of 'less documentation the better'
Work life balance, Growth
Need to embrace diversity more.
Hard to navigate with in the company
They almost had too many employees so it was sometimes difficult to get a full 30+ hours a week.
All starting positions are part time
Takes a experience to learn role
- Minimal support for career pathing. Only one pathing event per year that is targeted more towards in-center advisors than At home advisors - Excessive requirements for yearly raise
Very easy to feel overworked and underappreciated.
No real cut way to move up. Told by management that was more qualified than most people, and have won several awards along with an employee of the type of award. Was not given the job for not knowing how to use a system that only management uses. Though Apple hired over 30 people externally for the same job as I had to vet many of those people.  Apple "trains you to be good at several jobs." Apple does this for you to be skilled at several positions in order to lower their overhead. Your new skills do not give you a raise nor a pat on the back, just usually more work than the person that does not have it.
Company culture is lame. People are heads down working most of the time. Don't expect a community.
Very corporate. Not about job performance for raises or promotions. Pretends that they are moving you forward but really just wasting your time
Location, location, location. If you work at corporate or an ovation store (a top performing retail store) you are in for a real treat. Do your research and check out reviews on Google/Yelp/Facebook before accepting a position at just any Apple Store. Some stores aren't so great. Although the corporate mold is pushed to each location, some middle and regional managers are of surprisingly low caliber and self promote themselves above all.  Morale can be low at times due to hardly any work life balance. Again, this all goes back to which store you are at. One store gave every other weekend off, another made you work every Friday, Saturday, and Sunday with very inconsistent hours or stability.
Always on culture. Politics does play a role in stiffling growth
Terrible work life balance. Few perks outside of pay. Secrecy is part of the culture. Noticeable lack of upward mobility.
Retail hours are no fun. Maybe too much ambiguity
Nothing really stands out today
Leadership is hamstrung by corporate initiatives, which were frequently disconnected from the real world experiences.
-Challenging environment- fussy and unreasonable customers are inevitable in any technology-related job, but the traffic is non-stop. -Leadership can be a bit manipulative/immature. I often felt like our values were undermined with constant and unnecessary pressure from hitting redundant metrics. Even the most hard working employees felt like they were subject to managerial gossip. - Schedules can be inexplicably difficult. It was never needed to work nine days in a row, but sometimes you just did. I've never had such a poor work/life balance in my life. - Training program became very watered down and a lot less engaging. - The gap between retail and corporate is large. Very large.
The company has slowly moved more corporate, and some co-workers need to be reminded that everything is supposed to be fluid, and to challenge the establishment, it's in our DNA. Growth and demand is so fast and hard to keep up with, I feel quality control in hiring on the retail side has gone a little lax, and sometimes I feel the customer experience suffers too. Some of the internal and external processes have gotten away from simplicity and introduced complications.
Hours can be widely varying, work schedule can be haphazard.  There is a position-ceiling, Apple does not hire management internally (If you desire to be a store manager or leader, do not try to start in sales/service!)
Cons are working weekends, holidays, and standing for many hours. The regular quirks of working retail. But still better than most retail positions.
they are so competitive, I mean Samsung is just trying to copy them too hard and they still care about it. Just ignore them guys, you are the ones!
it could be too boring for me
Work and life balance is a struggle.
company can be Strict at times
Micro-managed a lot, it's a customer service job so you'll get a lot of dumb people
the discounts suck ...... no commission pay and wish we had more info about products when they would come out other then that theres not much you can really say about apple bad
Work-life balance needs to be improved. Business Trip is frequent which will sometimes sacrifice your weekend. If you cannot
Limited upward mobility within market.
Little room for growth and learning.
Sometimes you may find yourself dealing with frustrated customers
very little opportunity for advancement
Depending on what store you are in for retail determines your experience. During the past 5 years with the organization management at my particular store got a lot worse and has created a negative culture in our location.  Not being able to have a consistent schedule is difficult for work/life balance.
long hours on the phone
There is very little room for advancement into leadership. Internal movement upward is virtually unrealistic. At-Home-Advisors have schedules for 90 days and then you bid. This makes it impossible to plan your life beyond 90days. Also the customer base is 50% self entitled clowns that feel it is ok to belittle you and yell at you for trying to help or that think Apple has a responsibility to solve 100% of their issues and you have to be the perfect ( )( ) kisser so that you don't get a bad review. They also overlook people with high levels of experience and higher education. The term under employed would fit these people.
- poor leadership: unsupportive and lack of genuine approach - lots of ambiguity, dealing with lack of communication is common - the job is robotic/routine so be prepared to do the same thing all the time - strong work ethic and efforts goes unnoticed and unrewarded - doesn't provide a stimulating environment to be challenged or to grow with the company - rude customers are VERY common, and almost always get what they want
Easy to get lost in the crowd and can be a very politically motivated environment in terms of upward momentum and growth within the company. Some of the most talented and deserving individuals are often looked over for opportunity due to internal politics and management structure/incentive.
Weekends and holidays are not yours...
- Long hours - high stress - high standards
pay scale isn't always fair- newer people with less experience are being paid more when onboard due to cost of living but existing workers aren't getting raises in comparison
-Disorganized management team -Separating between corporate and retail is to great -Not nearly enough recognition
Unable to meet people from work
Weekends and holidays are not yours...
It used to not be about numbers but now it is. Apple does not care about its employees or customers anymore. Its about the money and expanding the business.
standards a tad hard to maintain seasonakky
Tough schedules and little upward mobility.
low pay, don't know, this was a decent job
- difficult and very demanding customer base - part-time can be demanding at times. You work 30+ hours a week, so basically full-time, but with less healthcare options and no vacation accrual. Part-timers should ABSOLUTELY accrue vacation at this type of job considering the sacrifices and demands that they go through to stay on par with full-time employees.
Work and life can be hard to balance
Work and life can be hard to balance
There are a few managers here that will literally harass their employees into not talking to other teams. So much political infighting. If you try to do well in your job, you will be looked down upon. Manager constantly thinks you will take his spot.  Insecure lower level managers, no technical skills at all, they act like they know it all but really have no idea how to even code a proper piece of software.  Harassment is widespread here. There is even one manager who has been accused multiple times of sexually advancing on to females inappropriately, but HR has done nothing. I can validate this sentiment others have shared on Glassdoor as well - it is true unfortunately.  Only reason I'm still here is because of the RSUs. Once they vest, it will be good riddance for sure.
Need to keep pace with changing priorities
Management chooses favorites management doesn't understand the work flow of what goes on, wouldn't be able to do a transaction
Products sell themselves, so it's kind of hard to gain real sales experience unless you're on the business team.
same of everything they claim to be divers but want everyone to fit into a mold
Lack of advancement opportunities. Opportunities for growth will depend on manager. I have found here that there are managers that manage and those that fuel personal growth. Whether or not you advance really seems to depend on time and place versus skill and experience.
Management is not consistent. Schedules change every three months.
Company in perpetual budget cut.
The job is incredible stressful
Uncompetitive wages that are not consistent with those of new hires.
Working can be stressful because of the scheduling. Working on weekends is basically mandatory and depending on the time of year, you can be working almost full time hours, even if you are part time.
nothing more to say here
Have to be good at interviewing/talking yourself up and playing the game if you want to move ahead. Hard work and being good at your job only gets you so far. Weekends and holidays are always expected to be worked. Eventually people move on and get better jobs and I'm sure are happier overall. Stressful job in and isn't worth emotional torment that customers bring to your day.
The company has really lost sight of itself and as I said the benefits are great but the work itself is just soul-destroying, kind of making the quality of the benefits not really worth the stress and physical deterioration the job causes.
Company will chastise you and punish you severely for simple basic human errors, i.e. a typo Management is untrained and unqualified, most are hired have zero customer support experience previously, and have never taken a CS call in their life. The word of management will be taken over yours, no matter how much evidence you have to prove you're doing what you thought to be correct
Senior leaders frequently throw tantrums, and this behavior trickles down Secrecy gets in the way of getting things done Inconsistent messaging about promotions from HR No community - no holiday party and Cupertino is simply depressing No perks
Limited Project assignments then you are gone!
racist, politics, favoritism, pay is horrible, pay can be better
Retail Hours are poor. Management miscommunications.
- overworked -politics -management has no diversity
Pleasing superiors is often more important than pleasing users
Hard to advance due to strong competition
Can't think of any
After a promotion or two, there isn't much room for growth. People stuck in the same positions for 6+ years easily. Easy to get complacent, but it's customer service so you know how that can be. Retail Corporate under Angela is not great, and the changes they've made are slowly making it worse.
Has become more for-profit over my the time of my employment. When I first began, the atmosphere was very friendly and non-pushy with customers. However towards the end of my employment, managers were really pushing for customers to buy as many things as possible. You got more points and credit if you sold more which reduced the genuine nature of the specialists.
working long hours, not enough visibility into the project
Over worked You get burned out easily Too easy to become comfortable Really hard to get out Poor work life balance. Pay is just barely competitive
Glass ceiling is getting higher and harder to reach. the company is becoming more retails and less visionary
Very inexperienced management in retail lower levels. Definite favoritism by upper management and often the people getting promotions are receiving them due to personal circumstance rather than merit or earning them.
Bidding for shift options, more options available
None that I know of
Very frequent changes Often overlooked if you are not in a sales role Heavy push for business and sales Demanding
Advancement is very slow for those not in the popular group. It's who you k ow, not what you know that will get you ahead. No weekends off, work most holidays, last shift stays until 10pm sometimes.
None shared risk assessment
They can be so picky with onboarding because so many want to work there that the existing talent bottlenecks. Impossible to move forward unless you are white, herero, cis, male, and attractive.
-I have nothing bad to say about the company!
PTO is limited and benefits are good, but not great.
Need to learn to do more to stay healthy when youre off work, because you work from home, and sit in a chair for enture shift, except breaks of course.
Despite being a huge company, they are light on the perks.
Retail hours (always working holidays and weekends), and the customers are absolutely horrendous, Don't work here if you have thin skin. However, you will occasionally meet a customer that makes it all worth it.
If you've got a suggestion for a new product, don't even bother unless it will generate at least $1 billion.  Product secrecy rules can interfere with coordinating internal strategy, sometimes resulting in wasted effort or duplication of effort.
It's retail. So your hours are retail hours and if your full time it can feel like you live there.
Stressful, no work life balance, poor salary
Busiest place on earth. I was sick a lot from interacting with many people on a daily basis.
Limited upward mobility Buggy systems.
Even though they have awesome benefits, its downsized from what it used to be so you'll hear a bit of mumble/grumble from old-timers, it's a bit depressing.
Work and hours tend to be demanding. Work travel frequency can be high, depending on team. Cross functional dynamics can be competitive.
Sometimes I have to go home
Management doesn't always look out for the team or provide best solutions for it's workers. Management needs to be more helpful.
None. Not really have much to say here. Maybe more team building parties outside of office? Anyway, those are just nitpicking.
Can get very busy. Fast pace environment.
Shift scheduling, The lack of opportunity to grown in a years time
The culture feels toxic, morale is terrible, the benefits keep getting worse and worse the longer I am here. I have zero sense of the bigger picture of what I'm working on. Honestly, why am I still here?
The culture promotes using people until they're dried up.
little upward mobility. Poor communication between corporate and retail leading to foolish errors and waste of resources. Employees who excel are treated the same as employees who don't try.
The pay isn't industry ave or leading
You have to learn to deal with children minded adults. Regrettably Apple allows its customers to abuse its employees and take advantage of their kindheartedness.
None, it is a great place to be
Really the only cons were around the notion of feedback, up and down, and work / life balance. From what I saw, upon collecting some feedback, management took a systematic approach to addressing both, and I think things have improved dramatically.
Working in Apple Retail is not working at Apple Corporate
Long hours, but we knew that coming into the job.
Very difficult to apply for other positions with in Apple if your looking to relocate to a new location. Almost impossible.
Not being able to see outside.
Long hours Sudden changes can be frustrating
It's tech support. Customers will treat you poorly, it's part of the job.
- Leadership - Groth opportunities to leadership or corporate
- Maybe it is just because of SF labor protections but there a lot of people that slack and socially loaf. - Sometimes positive language is overused and becomes meaningless - Focusing on feelings leads to making team a little too soft in my opinion - Retail schedule is flexible, but can become cumbersome sometime.
depending on the store its either a loving environment or toxic. you gotta really drink the apple juice to get a promotion. its also just a game of who sucks up to the managers the most
you work harder than you ever have before people are crazy because of their devices so be prepared to work with psychos Management can pick their favorites and treat everyone else like crap don't expect to see a weekend ever again you will be overworked and expected of a lot even if you are a part-time employee It's turning into just another retail store, nothing special about it.
Not a lot of flexibility in moving teams
Life work balance can sometimes skews towards work.
- It's retail so like most, you need to find the store that's a right fit. - Very corporately structured so opportunities changing SOP's that are clearly not working for a store are limited.
I have no cons about the company
Work can be very demanding.
This job is highly political. They tell you that they don't care about numbers, but they do. The managers also want you to get several different things crossed off your "list" before they would even consider you for a higher position.
Limited vacation time, penalized for sick time
Entitled customers. Managers like to micro-manage.
It is good for retail, but it is still retail, the hours suck.
always had to work past scheduled cut off time
Could pay a little more equal to the industry in some sectors but in others they meet expectations.
hard floors standing for long hours.
Apple Retail is completely different than Apple Corporate. The pay rate is low for any technical company. Geniuses and Creatives with years of experience are paid about the same as an average security guard. Any car mechanic makes twice as much with reasonable conditions. Work conditions at Apple Retail are hectic and stressful. Employee scheduling is intentionally unreasonable. Employees are treated like spare parts to be plugged in at any time. Forget "Think Different" or their claimed "Fearless Feedback." Steve Jobs wouldn't have lasted 5 minutes in Apple Retail. He would have told them where to stick it.
You have to work through holidays
Corporate culture is very negative and doesn't foster employee growth.
- Competitive / cut throat at times - Some poor leadership in the middle management ranks - Massive organization - can be hard to stand out/navigate effectively - "not for the faint of heart"
In the Apple Store retail end,  Managers don't share a singular vision in terms of store services and expectations. Managers may side with customers despite preaching for different procedures.  There is no work life balance, the hours are dependent on the needs of the store.
The job can be grueling. Career opportunities are held as carrots in front of aspiring employees to try and keep them engaged with little to no actual advancement potential.  No "upward movement" possibilities from retail to corporate regardless of experience, all movement is lateral.  The quickest way to get an actual promotion is to leave, get the experience elsewhere and then come back.  Promotions that do come are often based on personal relationships with leadership as opposed to quality of work.  New employees can often make MUCH more than you regardless of your prior experience.
Management is racist, homophobic, toxic energy. They do not care about the employees. They don't even like their own colleagues.
There is a cult like culture as well as I was told that my college degree doesn't matter as much as my current job. So I should take a break from school or pick an easier major so I can work more
Toxic culture. Pressure to entirely "drink the kool aid"- cultish. Leadership will use pretzel logic to justify giving up on employees. Change-obsessed: leadership will "fix" things that don't need fixing while ignoring actual opportunities to innovate. Very subject to "group think"and needless jargon.
You WILL work 2 of the 3 weekend days, it's retail. Some customers are real jerks, again, it's retail.
Red tape , bureaucracy, blind management. Too focused on bottom line and wallstreet pandering. Super aggressive and nasty behavior rewarded if you're smart. Low focus on computer science.
Awful for the ego in the long run
Assuming you didn't do something obviously stupid, it's hard to know what went wrong when you upset someone.
Nothing I can think of othEr that a few of the team membeRs might be a lIttle on the Curt side. But I like them all anyway.
-Stressful job - you can't control the customers and you'll have situations that can't be solved immediately
Every few months you have a different manager and new team. Very sexists company men move up in the company quicker than women. High turn around. You'll get burned out of calls quicker than anything. They start people out in the iOS department but they don't tell people in order to move up in the company you have to go through Mac department first and thats when people start going on FMLA or they just quit!
It's sometimes frustrating to be a tiny fish in an ocean.
metrics are the driving force, management changes a lot.
Standard retail scheduling. Varying hours and frequently worked weekends.
There's certain policies that are not verifiable and it makes it hard to learn how to transact the correct way.
Weekend hours, retail setting, lack of incentive pay
No con great place to work
Retail hours, not a lot of advancement opportunities, and a LOT of your individual experience will depend on your direct manager as well as your store leader.
The hours can be long and lots of travel (more than I'd like). They've been penny pinching over the past few years in terms of benefits and travel expenses (travel policies get stricter/cheaper each year). It can be surprisingly difficult to order Apple equipment for internal use. Most people seem to burn out after a few years, surprisingly few engineers have been at the company for more than 5 years.
All day on your feet. Break time is minimum.
awful communication. Feels like you back in High School, at least on the retail level.
small discount on Apple products, no commission
Perks are lacking relative to other companies (Google, Facebook) Everything is so secretive even what youre working on little collaboration
Many meetings and calls across US-China time zones
The hours can be long and lots of travel (more than I'd like). They've been penny pinching over the past few years in terms of benefits and travel expenses (travel policies get stricter/cheaper each year). It can be surprisingly difficult to order Apple equipment for internal use. Most people seem to burn out after a few years, surprisingly few engineers have been at the company for more than 5 years.
Weekend and summer schedules are selected at random so they may not be as convenient or flexible, customers can be unpredictable at times (like any call center job), which may be stressful if you don't have much patience
Demanding objectives, no growth
This comes with any large corporate territory, but after some time it feels like a cult with the brand promotion.
Lots of politics in retail. Too much competition for advancement.
Did not like the corporate culture. Experienced some bias and even though I reached out to HR and upper Management they were not willing to assist me in resolving the issue. Very disappointed.
Hard to work by yourself at home and stay motivated.
Hard to advance when working at home. I would recommend starting your career with apple on campus. Remain a face,not a number.
Training could be changed to make it easier for people that learn by doing ... prescription insurance could be better ... it can be hard not to have the connection with co-workers .. but if you put the effort into connecting it can happen!
hard to move up in company
Development is slow. Management is not always transparent.
Sometimes can be challenging at times, customers will get upset with you and you have maintain composure which is a learning process within its self.
Retail scheduling is tough. There's no balance for life. No set schedules so it's hard if you have a life or a family. You can't provide consistency to your kids.
No come I have seen while working for apple as customer service executicw.
hard to advance from starting position
Management plays favorites when it comes to promotional opportunities. Often, the most qualified person is not promoted to a job because they are not best friends with a manager. Saw many full-timers who are trying to support a family (thus seeking a new job promotion) not get the job.  Because it's retail, you have to work 2 out of 3 weekend days (Friday, Saturday, Sunday) but often you do not have a say to which of the 3 days.  If you cannot handle entitled customers, don't work for the company. Not necessarily a con of the company, but Apple customers are some of the most difficult to provide service to.
If you need socialization, working from home can be tough. You also will work plenty of nights and weekends for at least the first year as an At Home Advisor with AppleCare.
There really isn't anything negative to say about the company. Aside from the fact they make you feel as they give you more than what they do and you should be greatful.
No downsides what so ever.
Unable to re-arrange my schedule to accommodate my school schedule. Ended up leaving to pursue a degree, would go back.
Customers are not nice, management doesnt communicate
Retail has long hours and little ability to move up in the company. Most management is hired from other retailers.
The customers were usually quick to attack you and Apple as a whole when they didn't get their way. But that's how customer support usually goes.
Little turn over, which could be good or bad, I've been part time for over a year. Customers will challenge you in the technical Specialist role. Easy burn out.
"Company that cares" but they never let you forget it. Recently they have changed from wanted employees to have careers with Apple to saying "we are getting you ready for your career somewhere else." This takes the pressure off Apple when it comes to paying their employees enough to make it a full-time career. Not much room to advance.
Good company because I'm working at apple
Management had no idea what they were doing. The hours were terrible and they were unwilling to work with you. Absolutely no work life balance. If you have a family this is not an ideal place to work. Some positions have no growth opportunities.
Bad management , toxic environment
The amount of compensation vs work are eventually imbalanced. Management delegates a majority of their work to employees, because they seem to not care or want to do tedious tasks.
What is work - life balance? Weekends? Ha only for Senior Management. Asking time off? Try competing with 1000+ other people asking for the same day off - good luck. Customers walk all over you because they are entitled and conditioned to get what they want. Managers and co-workers who are materialistic, entitled, fake nice, better than you. No management trainee programs unless you are a good kiss up or a buddy. No growth opportunities, get in line, there's a lot of people in line here. The pay is not commensurate to afford the Austin cost of living. Stressful, thankless job No rewards for doing your job well, getting a satisfactory/meets expectations job performance review is the best you'll ever get, exceeds expectations is IMPOSSIBLE. Management acknowledges this and treats it like a running joke.
Part-time employees's benefits are not as good.
The vesting is after one year
Talking to people, 24/7.
-Different shifts every day can make work/life balance difficult -Pay is not the same for everyone within a position (try not to find out what others make to avoid frustration) -On paper, working for Apple seems great. In reality, many of the policies outlined are not followed.
If you're part time expect for your hours to be cut in half when it is dead slow.
Management only focus on executing the project and less about employees. This is not the best place to work to my opinion.
As a part time employee there are little to no opportunities you can take part in.
None that I can think of. If you don't want to work in a fast last environment that is always evolving and changing then this is not the place for you.
Nothing! Going into work, there is always something new going on. Even when there is down time, staff is still busy.
Long hours, long days sitting
Typical workplace politics required for advancement which is not what you would expect based on reputation
Part time employment shifts are horrible, mainly 4 or 5 hour shifts 5 days a week, full time spots rarely open up and they usually go to the brown nosers not hard workers, most customers are rude, very fast paced environment
Everything you do is monitored to the second.
Vast Hours of Operations, Inconsistent Schedules
Can be clicky The pay sucks after you have been there for a bit, new hires make more than tenured employees. They suck your life out, they will definitely get more than what they pay you for, the best part is those that drink the juice, wont even notice!! It's a win for Apple.
Is there a down side?
A lot of weekend shifts and competitive.
If your product is not a priority, then it doesn't get much attention. Lack of insight into roadmap can be challenging.
Held to high standards with customers, difficult to get a job without a referral, no way to take a long leave
There is a tendency to have to fit the intellectual perspective of people at the job, which is ok and I enjoy cultures like that, however, does not allow for open thoughts on opposing views
Secrecy to outside world about what you are doing. Everyone wants to ask you about your work, but you must always be ultra careful.
Apple is slowly and visibly gravitating from a innovative professional hardware and software company to a fashion company. Speaking from a retail perspective, many employees in the past were experienced working professionals who had deep knowledge in their respective fields be it photography, audio engineering, or filmmaking. What an employee lacked in knowledge or for upcoming software changes, Apple management and department leads made sure you were given ample development time to grow and learn. The structure then was unofficially to inspire your customers, and the sales will follow.  As time progressed, Apple leadership put more emphasis on "people leaders" who had poor knowledge of the product. As such, many of these new "people leaders" brought in from companies like Starbucks, Best Buy, Target, etc. didn't and still don’t share those same values as their passionate employees. Over time, the professionals working for the company became burned out and moved on, either by their own accord or a manager's. To fill the places of these working professionals were employees with no professional background, given little practical training on the software they were to learn resulting in having employees with poor knowledge on the product or subject if questions arose. The Apple professionals remaining in the company became complacent and/or bitter that they were being paid similar amounts as those newer employees with lesser experience, yet they were expected to assist with their deeper knowledge when a customer required it. This effect cause these professionals to exploit Apple's attendance policies resulting in less staff during a planned out day. A great example is seeing the Genius Bar become so famously behind. A lot of that is due to staff calling out for their shifts leaving their peers and lower ranking employees to pick up the pieces and learn-on-the-fly. When these problematic staff members were set to be confronted, they'd go out on leave-of-absence through stress or some sort of injury and return once the dust settles on their attendance record. This is a very deep problem Apple has yet to permanently resolve today.    What has since become noticed and evident is how most of Apple’s newest leaders are not inspirational tech professionals. They don’t develop you to want to use the platform or software. They weren’t promoted through the ranks, but were rather hired outside the company and brought in. They’re most interested in taking you through leadership development for a few months at your same rate then throwing you back into your old responsibilities with little to show for what you’d learned. The bulk of their leaders don’t even know how to use a word processor, build a spreadsheet, or even edit a photo. They’re there to coach on sales, inspire performance, and defuse customer escalations (overriding whatever fair resolution you had positioned to your customer). It’s not the Apple environment it once was, and has slowly gravitated into a sales organization first. Sell first, then invite them back to a workshop to be inspired later.
Not much outside of Apple buildings, Cupertino is pretty dull. Pay isn't top-dollar for all fields. They don't necessarily level up veteran employees to the same pay as new hires - frustrating when you are doing the same job. It's easier to remove employees than under-performing managers.
Difficult to get out of retail
The management is grossly unqualified, like most retail environments. A reflection on the pay scale more than anything, I'm sure.  Not a friendly environment for women, as they work twice as hard as the men in the same positions, are questioned at every turn and are Paid less for the same work. Yes, corporate is aware, so there is almost no fixing it.
Generally undervalued, constantly fighting the perception that we don't do anything by those that don't understand the B2B work environment
Hard mission and stressful delivery
Rotating Schedule Poor Training Forced into positions you're not interested in Metrics are the life blood of the company but having good metrics doesn't mean squat Absolutely 0 growth opportunities Being there's no growth opportunities burnout happens and then it's a constant daily grind of the same things every day
- Very exhausting - Micro-managing - Minimal development from management - Pressure to put in more work with no incentives or rewards - Crazy work hours
If you work in a small market there are few opportunities for advancement.
Career progression is only for Management "favorites"
weekends almost always required due to the schedule "bids" and the better you do the better schedule you get but at times are stuck on a midnight closing shift for 3 months. Managers can be condescending at time and micro managing is horrible at times. developed anxiety working for Apple
You may think you're ready to be promoted before you are. You have a lot of hoops to jump through before you can find a way to be promoted. Although I've personally seen a few peers get promoted while some have been left in the dust.
Comp could be better by bay area standards
The bilingual mandarin team has the worst management team ever. Top manager has no management working experience prior and no proper training after. Which leads to encourage the micromanaging team managers who overlooked the numbers calculated by computer systems. Expecting all the advisors work like a robot with no flexibility and customer service means nothing as long as it takes less time to complete more tasks. Most of managers are outdated from the technical and front line customer service soft skill. We've been directed to lie about the fact of the issue and provide useless solutions just to give the management team more time to figure out the better handling ways.
It's not as fun working there since the iPhone. I started in 2006 when people cared about the computers and software. Now not so much.
Although retail it would be helpful if the Schedule options there would include fixed schedule to accommodate a little bit more when it comes to work life balance.
It would not be a good environment for an employee that needs constant validation and hand holding.
Nothing really all good I believ
Retail environment is a challenge in a b2b sales role. Dedicated business offices would encourage customer visits and allow us to showcase our technology.
Tough to move up in the company when a part time worker.
i hated all my managers and the favoritism sucked
No free apple any more
he's not at the company anymore
Early on management seemed to hire phenomenal talent, now it seems as though the company's focus is on Business and not Sales / Genius Bar.  Pay is beginning to trail behind what the company "values" its employees as and what the company is clearly able to afford.
Schedule should be able to be a little more flexible
Retail is terrible and quickly getting worse
Have to relocate to California and living expense cost is high.
Growth can be a bit slow but learning is awesome..
Early on management seemed to hire phenomenal talent, now it seems as though the company's focus is on Business and not Sales / Genius Bar.  Pay is beginning to trail behind what the company "values" its employees as and what the company is clearly able to afford.
There is a distinct separation between management and direct reports. They cannot provide a growth path or career development options. Conflicting messages if looking outside your group on what you can or can't do.
None so far with limited time.
Working at home can get old quickly, your patience is your number one skill at this job. You probably will get screamed at by customers who refuse to work with you.
Burnout is high, not many opportunities
The culture is actually fostered to be abusive and competitive and many of the mid level leaders are google rejects (some without even college degrees) who run the place like a hedonistic locker room. This is NOT a friendly place for women or those who call management on unethical behaviors.
Despite all protests to the contrary, Apple Retail can still exhibit the worst of retail management, and areas of management focus swing wildly depending on how the managers are being evaluated in their own performance reviews.
Management at any store can often be solely metric focused which probably comes from higher up, which can negatively affect employee moral as they don't feel appreciated.
Poor management Walk into work everyday and things always change Moving up is hard, unless you brown nose or suck at your job.
There really weren't too many. Sometimes politics would show up among management and get in the way of developing others. Really depends on the specific store you are in.
Work life balance is not ideal
High Pressure, many deadlines, very competitive
unprepared leadership, doesn't follow companies culture. Disconnect between corporate and retail.
While I said the pay scale was good, it's also a little underwhelming when considering how important retail is to Apple. Retail employees not only sell but secure "promoters" through fantastic customer service. While for a younger individual wanting to get involved in a big company, its great pay, but as the years go by, you start to see that Apple is not valuing retail employees as much as they should.
Micro managing managers, too many managers
Not really any cons, just be ready to work hard and fit the needs of the company
I'd have to say the schedules changing every 3 months. However, incentives to be in the top 5% allows you to choose your own schedule.
Okay pay and training for employees.
It's retail - lifestyles aren't the best, but they do make an effort. Also, the pay should still be a little higher.
Training is mostly spent on customer types and how to handle them. Need more on the devices give you basic on them. Make you move to Mac's when you plead with them!!!.
Honestly, it's become the worst place to work for. I had 5 years invested with them. Things were great in the beginning and then they started merging all the Lines of Business. Not all of the lines are that similar. An iPhone trouble shoots vastly different than an iMac, but little training and no pay increase makes for a pretty crummy experience. Then, add in the atrocious Two-Factor and locking people out of their accounts, leaving us with no ability to assist. It's a pretty poor time on both sides. Plus, having to eat a bad survey that is explicitly left for another advisor...what's bad about that? Oh. It directly relates to your schedule on two important fronts. I won't say it was better when Steve was still around, but it wasn't as bad as it is now.
It's difficult to move up in the company, it can easily turn into a stressful environment
hours & days that you work
Too much secrecy around retail changes from retail leadership.
They really exaggerate what you are doing there.
Still it's mindless, transactional, repetitive, erratic hour, dogmatic, customer satisfaction metric driven, burn-out prone, frustration filled RETAIL where you can't help but feel like you are living the same day over and over and mostly it is not so great a day after you've been there a few years. If you are an intelligent and creative minded individual, for all its benefits, staying in Apple Retail IS NOT easily sustainable. Agreeing with another reviewer: "It's the coolest dead end job you will ever have" because, unless you have a LOVE for retail management, there is nowhere to advance to technical or creatively despite Apple being known as a technology and creative driven company. It's not THAT Apple.
Its retail, so stress and inconsistent hours
There are no cons at all
Like any company some colleagues aren't the best to work with, but they get out-weighed by the many that are dependable and care for consumers of Apple products.
Customer facing role is very mentally draining and monotonous
The idea of the culture Apple wants in the retail environment is such a good one. Unfortunately, it doesn't get carried out very often. Most of the tenured people there hate their job but have a hard time moving on to another job with equal or better pay and benefits. Retail is retail and if you work at the Genius Bar (like I do) you will most likely encounter several angry, rude, mean, unreasonable and entitled acting people. They will suck all the apple juice right out of you and you will be exhausted and burnt out and depressed. If you are an empath (again, like me) you will be very good at your job but over time, it will be hard on you and you won't even recognize yourself if you don't get out before the negative energy eats your soul.
NO SUCH THING AS WORK LIFE BALANCE. You will work 12pm-9pm, then the next day 8am-5pm. then the following 11am-8pm. You will dedicate your life 45hours a week (each day you have 9 hour shifts but an unpaid lunch for 1 hour)to this job but will never fulfill your outside life. they harp on it and try to convince you that it work life balance are taken into consideration, but its not. You must request off 4-5 weeks in advance and hope no one else that has the same position you do did because then it will be denied. IF you do get your request by luck, then you will absolutely work an opening shift the following day. thats that 8am shift the day after you want to have off. Expect to work every weekend unless you consistently kiss the toes of management.   they outsource positions with titles and don't often promote within. if they do promote you from within you will not see any kind of increase in pay, just enough to say hey you get a dollar more. However, the people they outsource who have no understanding of the culture, products, or people they work with but had a "manager" title at another company will get paid 1.5 times more than you to do less work because they don't get most of the processes.
great corporate messaging, poor follow through on helping temp to perm
the customer base is very demanding but totally understandable, we do everything on our devices.
Schedule all over the place, although to be expected with retail, but can still be tough with work-life balance.
long hiring process, with a chance you may not get the job.
•Retail Hours •Work nights and weekends •No movement to corporate
Nothing bad about the company
None! Apple is the best.
No Work - Life Balance
Limiting financial compensation is difficult
If you are not able to handle multitasking, it's not the job for you.
Work/Life Balance can be a challenge
You feel like just another cog.
Required to work 8 hour weekend shift for college program Required to work evenings during the week Only 10 second breaks between calls
Absolutely no transparency, absent store leader, favoritism determines promotions (not ability)
Culture is changing, things are becoming much more standardized and the soul of the company is no longer there. Managers are always looking at you and timing your breaks.
The hours aren't amazing. As a Chat advisor, we are open 24/7 including all holidays. If you do your job well, you can choose what schedule you want which helps.  Also, working for home isn't for everyone. It's hard to be at home alone all the time, so if your a social person, this may not be the job for you.
Apple needs a lot to keep improvement
availability - no room for work/life balance
to many policy, people hunt for credit but not responsibility
Weekends and schedule management. Working weekends every weekend really gets into your work life balance. The growth structure is heavily I fluenced by playing favorites.
-Work/Life Balance -No ladder for most above T2
pay can definitely be much better.
You have to be very hard working, and very determined, its easy to get over whelmed by the work load
Favoritism, and very immature, highschoolish culture. Rumors, who slept with who. Managers care more for numbers but ignore reality to reach goals.
It's retail hours, but the best retailer to work for.
Attention to detail, self-drive, and sincerity in all that you do are absolutely necessary. This can quickly become despairingly exhausting, in all contexts, for those in more technically demanding roles, that are not careful. Especially if forced to pick up the slack for others, or encountering nepotism. Noisy environment.
-Nothing bad about the company -The job is more of a getting by type of job but not a lot of promotion potential.
Nothing to share as of this time
Weekends and schedule management. Working weekends every weekend really gets into your work life balance. The growth structure is heavily I fluenced by playing favorites.
-Work/Life Balance -No ladder for most above T2
there is no growth or advancement to a different department.
Limited time of Day off,
It's customer service so you'll have your rough days/calls. It can be a little taxing at times.
You are required to work weekend shifts
Retail always sucks when you have to deal with the uninformed public
Poor management direction since Jobs died.
Too much process, schedule driven to a point where we can't ship high quailty products anymore. Difficult to transition between roles at the company. No opportunities to advance, especially if you are not willing or able to put in 70+ hours a week.
Retail job has retail hours. Compensation is amazing based on benefits, though for the work you do, you still get paid retail salary, not corporate.
Retail job has retail hours. Compensation is amazing based on benefits, though for the work you do, you still get paid retail salary, not corporate.
People have to work hard, there is not much latitude for error and senior management can sometimes be very tough.
Nothing negative to say about the company, however, the cons are working in retail - schedule is not the best. The stores gets so busy/crowded that people are frustrated and impatient at times.
Apple retail suffers from the same problems as any retail business. The hours are chaotic, space is limited, and sick leave is viewed with suspicion. What makes these issues especially problematic at Apple is the culture of exceptionalism. Employees are constantly told that Apple is the greatest employer and how lucky we are to be part of it. There are some cringe-worthy, cultish habits like employees carrying the company credo in their wallets and constant clapping. I found these things odd but harmless.
Non consistent form of expectations across the board
No guarantee that the company will remain in number one position in 2018, and company has lots of cash without innovation so they don't know where to invest. Becoming like microsoft, cisco...
Management turnover is high, lots of training, things are constantly changing
can be a bit challenging to balance with full time school in the beginning.
It is still retail, however, the company is amazing and they take good care of you.
Limited growth potential due to remote location office
- Some management can be resistant against change, almost too by the book. - Ask you to do things outside of your job scope sometimes.
Poor work - life balance, and employees can be left to feel very undervalued.
Hectic work-life balance as retail hours are often stressful in addition to product launches but it comes with the territory.
Customer service is not for everyone, you must be able to deal with a diverse variety of customers.
Hard to take an vacation or sick hours as you can work an month as scheduled as they require you to but you still won't have enough hours to take ONE day off and also hard to move up within the company.
Hours are a bit rough
Shift bids every 6 months although you do get to pick your preferences they are not guaranteed. Needs more opportunities for advancement
hours, traffic, commute, hotels, contractors
The hours can be tough and you have to book vacation months in advance.
Schedule changes every 90 days.
Long hours. Weekends (it's retail so it's expected) Some holidays. Unique work environment, in that they are very serious about how the business is conducted. It's Apple, so expect Apple people, they take themselves very seriously. After about 3 or 4 months it's just another retail job.
limited opportunities, relatively narrow responsibility work range
The hours can be tough and you have to book vacation months in advance.
Working 8 hours on the weekends Not really "flexible" with work hours
The benefits far outway any cons
long hours, advancement is difficult, pay is lower than average, lower managers are unskilled
The interview process does not need to be so long and intense to find the right fit.
No Work Life Balance No Weekends Off Micromanagement
With so many people, competition is so steep. Gets boring to keep doing the same things over and over again.
There are times when overtime goes for too long. Would like to have much more even spaced workload. There are prolong times when it is very hard ṭo keep any life- work balance
Get ready for micromanagement. Point system attendance. Find out their attendance policy and not just what your TM states. You work for your benefits. Long hours. You must be everything Apple. You can develop some help issues while working from a desk all day. Some workers are down right rude & disrespectful. Leave emotions at the door when dealing with mean customers. Your Team lead will never "know" anything. Take all issues higher for more feedback. HR lacks moral. You can be placed in the back of the line when it comes to individuality. You may feel robotic.
Low Pay, long hours, secrecy
1) Incompetent middle managements, at least in the department I worked. They lack of technical know-how and leadership, to command the projects and the team.  2) Low productivity. Since the management does not know how to work smart and efficiently, they had hard time keeping up with the industry. They always sought forcing team to work in a counter-productive way, to constantly work overtime and often doubling resources for the same work (while still had hard time making the deadline). A good engineer would find his time was mostly wasted on fixing symptoms, doing projects that were never completed or added no value.  3) Heavily politicized and lack of integrity. The management defended their incompetence by politicizing and siloing. They refused admitting poor results (let alone listening advices, learning or improving). They promoted and rewarded their "own guys" who followed their agenda. They coerced (often made up) bad reviews on talent engineers who focused on results. A typical tactics is to make their unfavorables as scapegoats for their own failures.  Overall it's a toxic environment, at least in the engineering portion I worked in. I am not surprised to see fewer innovations from Apple now. Covering by its secrecy, Apple engineering is on a slippery slope down.  An advice for potential employees, don't consider internal transfers as a way out. Transfers are very difficult comparing to other companies. Apple is structured for the management best controlling engineers.
Lots of workplace politics. Only the favorites seem to move up, the rest are not as appreciated or even acknowledged. There is a big divide between the technical, repair, and inventory teams. Pay is not competitive enough considering the company as a whole. Work life balance is non-existent, the atmosphere is always hectic, always busy, and always extremely high expectations. Ultimately, I loved my time here, but was definitely ready to move on towards the end.
No real organizational flow which causes difficulties when trying to get projects approves, completed, pushed etc
You definitely deal with some of the worst customers on the planet Work hours can suck Work-life balance can be tough too
none, none, none none, none
Organization has complex structure, which impacts the efficiency
Some downsides are politics in terms of moving up and the disregard for work/life balance for your availability and scheduled hours.
- Hard to move up - Under paid
Some downsides are politics in terms of moving up and the disregard for work/life balance for your availability and scheduled hours.
- Hard to move up - Under paid
Politics and promotion path is unclear.
It can be socially draining
- Too many people involved in projects, lotsa managers not enough doers - Bureaucratic processes - No one seems to be held accountable for anything - Higher management's aim is to avoid being blamed for something that went wrong instead of working on something they believe in - Lots of politics - Lots of complacency - No windows in offices. Feels like a hamster wheel inside.
Steady decline in employee morale and satisfaction since Ron Johnson left in 2012
Depending on your managers, potential for movement, even within the store, can be limited.
Strict goals No guaranteed shifts (Shift bids) No flexibility on shifts besides trades
if you are not a managment favorite you have little to no growth oppurtunity. you will be treated poorly by management and taken for granted.
Culture and Management working styles
Gets tedious sometimes, lots of repetition. People tend to stay for a long time, which means promotions do not come very often.
It's extraordinarily expensive to live in the area.
executive leadership turnover really hampered the employee and customer experience.
You don't always get the shift you bid on quarterly.
Can be stressful during holidays, other times of the year are fine.
High pressure work environment, typical call center cons, difficult to raise your call score with the variety of customers that you encounter while on call
not enough hours for PT employees.
- You are required to work on the weekends (for retail) - technical specialists should get paid more
- Constantly being stocked by not just the Manager but Apple third party contractors - Constantly being stocked and asked what you're doing in b/w taking calls by RTS - Computer slowing down due to Manager stocking you (Micro-Management) - No days off even if you are sick my manager required a doctor's note other did not - There is no one concrete policy that managers follow some follow what they like and not what too intrusive while some are 'by the book' - Strict on Metrics - Back to back calls (gets BORING REAL QUICK)
there is a lot of politics that stall advancement
Work/life balance Travel Expensive cost of living Very top down management that gives individual employees a lack of voice No respect of family responsibility
-The company is headed downhill -They no longer care about their employees -They allow customers to speak to the employees in any manner -Limited room for growth
Work/Life balance is sometimes difficult to keep. Apple retail management is always changing and that makes it hard to remain connected and build strong relationships with you leadership. For example they separate all the employees into groups and assign a single manager to oversee the development of that group. So if you so happen to get a manager who's focused on his own job and is very busy, then you're pretty much left to fend for yourself.
0 holidays off, difficult to advance
Some stores are not fun to work at. It depends on the manager.
Hours change every 3 months
High housing cost. But if you're young and not married, who cares?
Redundant work gets pretty obnoxious
Horrible raises! i have been with the company for a 4 years and the raises are horrible. Only way to really make a raise is moving to different positions which isn't the easiest do to politics.
Narrower scope of work than most others
Choke points for promotion can be brutal
Not a flexible schedule Bid for a new schedule every 3-6 months High Turnover rate with managers and advisers Unreasonable expectations Survey Impact
Miss working with others (based at home) Sometimes feel disconnected from company as a whole Schedule can be a hit or miss Can be extremely busy (launch/holidays) Repetitive work
Dealing with difficult and stubborn customers
Disconnection from corporate, sometimes too out of the loop
Retail life, unpredictable schedule, is very hard to create a work-life balance with any consistency. Will be a stopping point, some last longer than others, depends on what you need.
Management doesn't care for its employees
annoying customers no work life balance
Depending on what department you're working in. There may be strict deadlines with a minimal amount of time to complete the project.
Hard to adavance to higher positions
Schedule doesn't fit, no holidays, low incomes.
Sometimes work and life balance is lost
You have to have a wide availability, lots of working nights and weekends. You'll have some rude customers, but you can tackle them as growth opportunities.
It is top-down decision making which makes it difficult to create change and feel like a strong contributor. So much structure feels uninspiring at times. Long hours standing on your feet. When new products launched, they were late on the training materials and during these times, there was a lot of confusion & chaos due to feeling uninformed.
Many positions cover internal customers/biz partners in APAC and EMEIA - long days.
Independent, Responsible for Home Office Related Issues, No Room to Grow.
Big company, so the atmosphere reflects it. Agility and rapid change suffer.
Retail, managers are hit or miss, Peter principle applies
Pay - The pay is good for retail but not when you consider how much the company brings in annually, it's actually insulting if you crunch the numbers. The longer you work here, the worse you're treated - The apple juice will wear off as with any job and people that are beyond competent in their jobs and who excel will be overlooked for promotions/career experiences by new hires who kiss a**. Pay is also pretty equal for people that have been in a position for years with someone that was just hired. There is no reward for sticking with the company whatsoever. No Work/Life Balance - Operations always gets screwed over with the algorithms for shifts. People have preferences for shift times/days, give it to tenured employees first then fill with part-time as needed, as with most other companies. It doesn't make sense. Management is inept - Some are good but others almost make it their mission to throw their direct reports under the bus because they don't know what they are doing. This would be alleviated if management was hired from within, as well as from within departments. No real career mobility - It is near impossible to move forward unless you kiss a**, orgasm the "Apple culture" and management wants to sleep with you (which has happened at my store. Apple culture is deteriorating - This goes back to corporate. Everything is $$$ now at the expense of employees while top executives make a killing and gift us $5 T-shirts and a printing of the Apple Credo as a Christmas gift. The company could give every retail employee a $10,000 raise and it wouldn't even be more than 1% of their profits yearly.
Highly competitive - any movement upwards will be challenged by a dozen other highly motivated achievers Occasionally corporate decisions seems to have little actual knowledge about the day to day challenges on the business Level of compensation does not match the high level of competency and professionalism required to succeed
Highly competitive - any movement upwards will be challenged by a dozen other highly motivated achievers Occasionally corporate decisions seems to have little actual knowledge about the day to day challenges on the business Level of compensation does not match the high level of competency and professionalism required to succeed
Highly stress environment. Depending on your VP organization work culture varies a lot. Driven more by sense of competition than collaboration.
Retail hours don't line up with having a family and work life balance is hard. After you are there for a number of years there are a lot less growth opportunities other than management.
don't know yet as I am quite new
Some individuals get locked into what they do and are unwilling to adapt to change. They don't think they need to change.
Retail is a different branch.
The drive to push sales can be tiresome.
So far everything is great!
Can work longer than needed, getting absorbed in my work
Never enough time or resources
In many instances, the managers are not in line with each other and is difficult to coordinate with.
Job can be demanding at times. You might get burnt out over time. Work life balance is always something for Apple to improve compared to other tech company in Bay Area.
Customers and unable to become full time
the customers expect a lot from the employees
None at this time. Enjoyed my entire time there. Had to leave for family reasons. Would go back again in a heartbeat!!
Lot of work and pressure surrounding goals
Can be lonely position, with minimal training after initial two weeks. No advance notice of product releases makes it difficult to troubleshoot
None that I can think of
Cons would be that sometimes its tiring
Sometimes decisions made without full understanding
Consistently get yelled at by customers for everything, no weekends.
Needs more opportunity for growth
Retail employees don't share as much in the company's financial success. Can be difficult to advance. Some customers are unreasonably rude.
Too big to grow. Some of the groups are stereotyped
Can be rough working multiple chats at once, especially when ramped up to 3 chats at the same time. Some managers pretend to be dictators.
The training is very long
Working weekends, Sometimes you feel like a cog in a wheel.
Where do I start? 'All that glitters is not gold', 'The grass isn't always greener on the other side'. These are a few sayings that come to mind when people say they want to work for Apple. If you work in Applecare, you are a call center worker. No matter how they dress it up to you. Chat, Email or Phones. It's a call center, so comes with it the cons of working in a call center.  Shift Scheduling - Is absolutely abysmal. Depending on your department, you'll have to change your schedule in a little as every 3 months or 6 months. So say goodbye to any obligations you have outside of work, because when a shift is assigned to you. It's yours, and you have to work it. Yes, they try to sugar coat and say you can swap with someone else, but if it's already a crazy shift to begin with, nobody else is going to want it.  Work life Balance - Where? At the time of this writing you get no holidays off in Applecare (or weekends depending on your schedule). When I first started, you did. But now, nada. 365 days a year the queues are opened. However management (your manager) gets these days off (and weekends). How nice.  Work tools - Will never work properly. I've never worked at a company where there was so many issues with work tools. The kicker is you'll still need to be able to assist the customers and expected to get awesome CSATs with non-working tools.  Micromanagement - You'll never do anything right. If it's not one thing, it's another. Your manager will find fault in anything that you do, it's expected. Good calls or chats will still be nit picked and have endless "one on ones" on discussing how it could have been done better. They even have it written in policy on how long you are allowed to take bathroom breaks. Yep, even when you work from home.  Policy and Procedures - Can and will change without notice.You are told how to do something, you do it. A few months later it's wrong and should never be done like that. And when you ask why or when it was changed. No one can give you a straight answer. They'll give you the typical 'Apple BS giving you an answer, but not really answering your question' answer (with a smile on their face). Those that work in Applecare will know exactly what I'm referencing too.  Final thoughts. Management loves to "cheerlead" you through this muck of a work environment. They know what we have to go through isn't ideal and outright sucks, but they ignore it and speak to you like everything that is happening to you is good and we should be thankful for what Apple is doing for us. It's borderline "cult like". It's like serving you dog poop on a gold plate with gold utensils, and they try to convince you that it's good for you.
- The customers you work with make your job miserable - Upper Management micromanages like crazy, creates a terrible environment to work in - VERY HARD to move up within Apple Retail, it can take 5-7 years to become a manager - The management teams are very political -- in all Apple Stores - The company does not promote from within rather hires externally - The company does not recognize high performing employees, they end up leaving every time -Terrible work like balance, especially during holiday season : they have you work 50+ hours
below average pay and benefits
bureaucracy, poor management, lack of directions.
Retail, Angry customers, Ignorant people. Dealing with customers who refuse to accept the possible solutions for their problems, and expect us to be miracle workers.
The hours each day can be long
Cants those awesome health benefits because your schedule is awful. Yes its retail but Apple claims to be employee centered and employees don't get weekends off or any control of their days and hours worked. You will work with uneducated, unprofessional managers that don't know a thing about running a store or communicating effectively with people.You get a raise once a year and its literally pennies. You will not progress and grow unless you trade in your soul for a knife then shove it in someones back.
Constant harassment from Management if your team stats are low which you have no control over surveys, Metrics are very misleading. They will flag you for going to the bathroom during business hours. Also you will be ridden hard to achieve the goals that superiors think are important. You will be trained, and expected to be like a drone in the system. Expressing an opinion will get you nowhere
working temp is really fast
- keep up with product changes
Does not look out for the dedicated long term employees.
not a lot of room to move up
Phone carrier plans constantly changing. Compensation.
Micromanaging, difficult to move up
Your suppose to work and get results. No balance work and work.
Development can be challenging based on size and perception that external talent provides a greater productivity output
Nothing to complain about it's the best
inflexible training, if you can balance the training with school, you'll do fine.
Slow moving sales organization.
Too much work in two little time.
Stress - you are completely responsible for your customer's issue, you cannot pass the buck, and it will affect your entire work life (scheduling, relationship with managers, mental stability) if customers are unsatisfied. Difficult to move up - everyone is qualified, everyone is hardworking, everyone wants to get off the phones. Burn out - you are isolated and most of the team chats revolve around complaining about customers. It's draining mentally/emotionally to be yelled at so much. Your day-to-day will feel like a slog, counting down the seconds on the clock
Working Apple retail it's a particular kind of hell. As a technician you get to deal with entitled angry customers that are told "just go to the apple store, they'll give you a free phone". They expect you to go above and beyond and at the same time they give you hard time if you spend more than 15 minutes with each customer.  As a sales person, you don't make commission. You'd potentially make more money by selling phones at a carrier store instead.  Apple just got rid of the training in California for the Genius team and Creative team. If you wanted to work your way until being flown there that is no longer possible.  It is extremely hard to jump from Apple retail to corporate. They hire externally. Also it is extremely impossible to climb your way up, since they bring managers from other stores instead of promoting from within.
Need to be able to have more job filters. For example, if I select 'Manager" as a key word then there should be filters to drill down which type of manager. Retail, construction, restaurant, facility, project, et.
Not a great fit for those looking for a small company.
Management. management. management. It's a challenging job with a lot of pressure and stress already and probably the worlds most horrible customers.. and having a management team that doesn't care about you and overlooks all of the hard work you've put into the company just makes the job unbearable. You start off thinking you're at this magical place and you feel so lucky to be working there- then after a few years you feel so depressed you start to contemplate quitting every day until you finally do it. Apple made me a very unhappy person.
Contractors are not treated well.
The store I work at is full of high school-like antics and many/most of the managers play obvious favoritism. Because it's frequently stressed how people "can't get fired", managers will help cultivate an environment where people will get forced out due to feeling so uncomfortable in the workplace.
There seems to be less opportunity than what the atmosphere suggests. It can be difficult for dedicated hard working employees to see real progress in what Apple calls a 'career'.
The flexibility of Work schedule.
There is a strong emphasis on generating excitement for the Apple brand and culture that can at times be borderline "drinking the koolaid". While local management was great, interactions with corporate management showed a side of Apple that was markedly not... Apple-like, particularly when it came to throwing employees under the bus and focusing entirely on spreadsheet numbers rather than customer experience.  Considering that you could be selling well over $1 million in revenue every quarter, the wages were pretty subpar, especially since there is no commission. Annual reviews with fractional salary increases provided little opportunity for your performance to be appropriately recognized and rewarded.
Learning about products at the same time as the public.
Some employees are just fans rather than dedicated teammates. Customer base can range from hard working professionals to average consumers. Both have their share of rude people, but also some of the most interesting people int eh world.
Work-life balance should be better for a company that brags about employee happiness. Advancement/career path is terribly planned out for you. Internal interviews are awful.
Apple has a slightly "cult-like" culture as well. They take themselves pretty seriously, and again, at the end of the day, it's just retail.
Management doesn't share an equal burden to help their employees grow
Soul sucking, highest compensated company in the history of commodity sales won't pay for good talent, rather half-train mediocre skill sets for less.
Poor communication of changes at times
Pay, no work life balance and horrible schedule.
Sometimes vision is cloudy on where company is going. Can't seem to make solid decisions and then follow through. Overall good experience.
As the culture continues to change there are now fewer advancement opportunities, especially at the leadership level. Apple has created a culture that perfectly reflects its values and excellence. However, there is little opportunity to take on new and challenging assignments. Once you've left that little bubble you quickly become aware that the rest of the business world needs skills that were unneccassary to master at Apple. It is an outstanding place to work and become a better person, but not to grow your leadership skills.
Schedule comes out 3 weeks in advance.
hours can get long, rules can be restrictive
You were expected to give 130% effort at all time. Seriously! They figured out how much work you can do if you give 100% effort. They then devised a schedule that required we each gave 130% in order to meet the baseline demand for service. The company's rapid growth beginning with the launch of the iphone was always too many steps ahead of the growth of the retail service department. You are working for a tech company. You are a technician. Your management however is retail operations. Little room for upward mobility within the company unless you wish to go into retail management or move to California.
glass ceiling, not as much upward mobility as it seems, very political
You will be expected to drink the Apple Juice, however if you are an Apple user and lover, you should not have an issue.
No real cons to working here
Bad company worker darted a lot
- It is impossible to get a normal 9-5 weekends off shift. You will be working weekends, holidays (including Christmas), and a TON of overtime. - They pressure you hard to work overtime. They make it clear you won't get a promotion or a good review if you don't work overtime. -You have no support when you are having rough calls. You just have to sit on the phone and let the customer verbally abuse you. -They do not train enough in higher positions. When you ask for help they promise you they will get help but it never happens. -When you get really sick you are forced to take a medical leave and they won't work with your schedule. -They will not adjust your schedule for kids, school or anything unless you jump through hoops to get a doctors note for medical reasons. -They get really aggressive when your scores are perfect even if it is just a bad month. - Bathroom breaks are saved for during your 15 min break or lunch break. Hold it otherwise. -If you find that you can not handle a promotional roll they will not let you move back to an older position. They tell you to stick with it or quit.
Soul crushing. Retail in general is, but having someone scream at you because they cannot remember their iTunes password while literal genocide is happening around the globe.
Lack of leadership among management.
Terrible work software. Bad training
The customers are idiots Wayyyy too much training needed Had to sit in a chair fro hours on end
Challenging hours and takes a lot of time away from work/life balance. Needs more availability for career experiences. The On going training could be more structured and administered.
Retail managers are frequently incompetent and/or short-sighted. Training has devolved into a joke. Random scheduling. Poor communication from corporate. The career ladder has become a maze of ambiguity.
As a college student not pursuing working in a retail store after graduation limits you ability to move up into higher positions.
food are not free, fast paced work environment
Even though it's amazing to work at an Apple Store, it's still retail establishment.
shifts were not the best not a choice on whether or not trained on mac
Sometimes you may feel like like the days are monotonous, but this can happen with any job and it really depends on your outlook of your professional goals.
Some of the buildings are too far from the cafés. I know I know but, they are. The cafés should be open during ALL employees lunch time frames if they expect them not to leave campus.
Very few unless you don't want to work hard.
Micro-management, urgent requests for info/presentations, politics and gut-feel take precedence over data
very political, lots of process and negotiation even a very small change or decision.
Customer service is he same everywhere
None that I can think of at the moment.
AppleCare is a toxic environment to work in. I would not recommend this job. The training is a complete mess, they have you trained into other departments without notice and the training they provide is horrible. And the management team does nothing in regards to training to make it better for employees. The management team does some extremely shady things. Apple isn't like most normal employers who try to develop, coach and help their employees be successful. You literally are just a number. I have had several team members without any notice have been terminated and the few I've kept in contact with have said their was no prior coaching, training, or any warning. Which again also goes back to how shady and horrible the leadership team is including training. I have never worked for an employer where I felt like I didn't grow until working for Apple. Apple does nothing to develop it's employees in AppleCare, you are just phone support. They don't have development plans actively in place for their employees and truly do the bare minimum so they look good for their sketchy upper management. HR is also just as unorganized at Apple. If your needing anything done from HR it will take over a week at times, also they will say nothing but empty promises and don't really ever follow-through on what they say. I can truly say the Leadership and HR and overall AppleCare department as a whole needs a serious overhaul. I have worked several years for multiple Fortune 500 companies and from what I experienced at Apple is not what I would have expected. Also, their tools they give you to work and systems always have issues which make it at times extremely hard to do the job and the management team does nothing to help fix the issues and will sometimes try to pinpoint system issues on the team members so the managers don't get in trouble. And I would consistently ask myself does Apple even understand proper leadership skills? Management would consistently talk back about employees to the employees peers and then act normal to their faces. My manager would literally send me recorded phone calls from my peers and then try to make me trash talk with her how horrible my peers are. Also, multiple people on my team left as well as other teams including me, leaving Apple has been one of the best things I have done especially since they at the end of the day don't care and you are just a number.
Work environment, lack of experience managers
Must be able to live with A LOT of ambiguity. Recent changes in retail more focused on numbers rather than on people. Cookie-cutter approach to leadership limits diversity in approaches to getting results through people.
- Misleading advancement opportunities - Outside vendors do not have as much accountability, ruining the support process
For those uncomfortable with change it can be very challenging.
Doing IT work for retail pay
Long hours, lots of travel to China, hectic deadlines, ID controls design vision
No work/life balance. Upward mobility is political. It doesn't matter how hard you work, the only thing that gets you ahead is how much you help management hit their sales goals so they can receive bonuses.  Perfect example of economic slavery.  Becoming just another retailer.
It's secretive and very intense. Even through the tough times everyone still makes it through the day happy and alive.
Can be too much pressure sometimes
gets hectic at times but overall is good
No work/life balance. Upward mobility is political. It doesn't matter how hard you work, the only thing that gets you ahead is how much you help management hit their sales goals so they can receive bonuses.  Perfect example of economic slavery.  Becoming just another retailer.
Annoying talking to customers all day long.
Nothing bad to add - it was a wonderful work experience
Kinda racist and sexist. If you are a woman of color (there are very few) you will be made to feel like you don't belong and you are just there to fill a quota. And like most tech companies they don't give a damn about diversity although they talk about it all the time. Tim Cook should be ashamed and should take that picture of King down because it is disgraceful how exclusionary Apple is. And there are just too many managers, I mean micromanagers. They have added so many managers slotted between and above and below managers that they can't be innovative. It's a stifling environment that is leading many good people to leave.
-Micro-management -Lack of upward mobility -Over-training due to constant micro-changes to policies and best-practices -mindless weekly or bi-monthly meetings with direct manager that don't result in anything -Low pay
can possibly not go anywhere in career opportunities and there is some favoritism
Too many manager rotations, difficult to build a strong connection with your mgmt Not all managers know answers to technical questions Very attentive to numbers rather than focusing on customer satisfaction
24/7 on call, no respect for personal life what so ever. too much politics and a bunch of power tripping middle management in operations.
Too many manager rotations, difficult to build a strong connection with your mgmt Not all managers know answers to technical questions Very attentive to numbers rather than focusing on customer satisfaction
The managers. Managers on all levels view the employees as problems not assets.
High attrition, racism and other teams have poor opinion of the management.
High stress environment. Very few progress quickly through the ranks. If you don't see yourself moving up in six months then good luck getting a new position in the next 3 years.
Not much of an upward trajectory, it is easy to feel like you will stay in the same place.
Functional organization, organizationally believes in silo operational style, friction when working across with other teams, top down management style. Each Director believes they run a small kingdom. Reinvent the wheel, waste and inefficiency.
Not everyone committed and aligned with same thing.
The only real con is Mall Location. I feel the stand alone spots have a different feel.
Fast-paced, sometimes overwhelming, too intense
What's a social life anyways? Who cares since you're launching soon enough and it won't matter if it fails. Hard to balance quality of life
Retail has very limited growth potential in the long run
Unable to do screen repairs in-house. Customers who felt they were entitled to unrealistic expectations. Store unfortunately closed. Smaller staff.
There are areas of the business where the culture is completely different, in store versus working for the Online team.
Too corporate, sometimes felt like high school as that is how much you seem to be treated.
Long working hours and little room for upward movement
Burn-out, not a lot of control of your schedule
I cant honestly anything bad
Can get promoted quickly to a certain point. Beyond that it takes a very long time to move out of role.
difficult to contribute to open source.
Lack of employee development, Lack of loyalty, low priority on work life balance, ruthless
Honestly none that I can think of
You get hired expecting to do one thing, then a few weeks in surprise you're having to fulfil a different role (or two) and there's no increase in pay to go along with your increase in skills. The rules and regulations are a little ridiculous too - I understand there need to be rules for the sake of order but it's a little excessive. The management leaves a little something to be desired as well, although from what I've heard my team was just stuck with a really bad one. Which explains the fact that out of approximately 20 employees on my team, maybe 3 or 4 stuck out the 1 year and none at this point continued on despite being offered contract extensions.
Work-life balance sucks. Every three months your schedule changes and you don't find out until a month before it does. You have to bid on you shift. You better hope you get what you need. If not, too bad.  and there's very little opportunity to grow. They hire outside talent for leadership positions.
1)no work life 2) no room for growth 3) no tech advancement especially if working in big data
In the retail environment, dealing with customers who have an overwhelming sense of entitlement (on a daily basis) can easily ruin the entire experience.
Retail, typical customer service woes, mall hours.
1. Does not really do you any good in terms of experience outside of Apple unless you're one of the leaders doing management type of duties. 2. Underpaid for the work you do and the amount of stress. 3. Easy to get stuck where you are.
not enough job growth. Could be better.
High stress, not a lot of opportunity for moving to better paid positions quickly.
Stress to perform and meet deadlines. Balancing life is possible but peer pressure can undermine it. Very closed and secretive
Not many, must be able to keep up to date with new products.
Really aren't many. You have to be ok with change, ambiguity, and the occasional angry customer
They are not loyal to their employees. They will work you to the bone. Part time equals 5-7 hours a day 5 days a week and never two days off together.
In Cupertino which can be tough for people wanting to live in SF. longer working hours typically. because it is more flat, its harder to go from analyst to manager level.
You Have to work weekends.
It's difficult to move up within the company. Clientele can be difficult to deal with but overall you are given the training to deal with difficult
They fired me for circumstances beyond my control and it sucks...l
Work life balance is dependent on your manager
They keep poor leaders, not willing to listen to new ideas, poor vacation
Micromanaging, work/life balance, benefits just keep getting worse, no Overtime or Hiring offered when it's super needed. Best stats in org and constantly going above and beyond, doesn't matter because there are no advancement opportunities to move to. Eventually you'll hit a pay cap and even the meager yearly increases will stop. Very low raises and rare/low bonuses even for top performers. We no longer even get the occasional "swag". You clock in, suffer through your 8-10 hours hoping no one will hound you if you have to go to the bathroom at a non scheduled time, and then clock out. Exhausted and thinking of a way out of going back tomorrow. Shift choices are dismal and just keep getting worse. Managers can't even pep talk us anymore because they're defeated as well. It's been years since it was an enjoyable place to work.
Dealing with the general public can get a little old.
This is Apple Retail - its not really Apple. They would like you to believe that the company is one big family but the retail side is kind of a step child. The vacation structure is different as are benefits. There is NO PROFIT SHARING. and also no commission. So even if you individually do 1million in sales, you still get just your salary.  They do not value experience or tenure. They appreciate it, like pat on the back 'great job' appreciate. But do not value it. There is no significant compensation other than additional vacation time for high levels of experience. That being the case it is good to get out sooner rather than later. They do not cultivate and give incentives for people to stay. The longer you stay, with no upward movement, the more demoralized you will get.  Tenure and Experience and Hard work DO NOT equal promotion. Apple managers have a secret recipe on who they favor or do not. If you do not fit into a management team's vision, YOU WILL NOT PROGRESS. PERIOD. It is possible to move up and sometimes dramatically if you do fit what they want. I have seen both very worthy and very unworthy (based on their effectiveness after promotion) people promoted.  Management is often hired from outside the company which causes a severe cultural mismatch and tremendous frustration. Potential leaders are not developed and people from outside with managers titles who might not click with Apple values are brought in on a regular basis.  Apple essentially asks you to develop yourself. That goes for managers on down. That is an upside for people who use the Apple language and style and live it, sometimes like an automaton. However if you do not speak their development language and feed it back to them, even if you have vast leadership potential they have no way to cultivate you. I've seen people with incredible potential bypassed, grow demoralized and leave because the company cannot find ways to develop people internally, They generally overburden managers and employees so any possible time you have for development is taken away or you have to essentially not do your job and overburden others to make time to do the development things they ask.  The company improves their systems which is helpful but essentially is only trying to make everyone (on the technical support side) take more and more people. Work in the technical support side is a thankless job often and more than it was. You are asked to help more and more people while somehow connecting personally and not making it "transactional". And often the customers are great but they can also be awful. Not know which you'll get EVERY 10-15 minutes!! Is emotionally draining day after day. And with managers who've never done the job they don't understand the emotional toll the job takes.  I appreciated my time at Apple but hit a number of walls of demoralization. As did most of the amazing people around me, managers included. I managed to reinvigorate myself but with every leadership change you are essentially at square one again having to re-build your credibility. I probably should have gotten out sooner but Apple Retail also has a way of sucking you in for longer than you expect... it can get comfortable because of the amazing co-workers.
Horrible work/life balance. They don't take into account the area and the cost of living and raising wage to meet the rise of cost of living. Management has favorites. Not very supportive of employee's personal issues that may affect work, especially health or mental issues. Overworking employees-working 6+ days in a row without a break, but due to scheduling starting on Saturday they are able to get away with scheduling employees long shifts for 6+ days at a time. Not very flexible scheduling-they say they're flexible but then require full time employees be available 6 days out of the week and be available weekends, and part time employees have to be available on weekends and at least 4 days out of the week, (if you have plans to go out on weekends then good luck!). NPP is supposed to be anonymous and not have retaliation but they schedule NPP chats to discuss why things were said, but it's more of a way to tell their employees that they're not getting better hourly compensation or that the work a Product Zone (formerly Red Zone) Specialist does is the same as a Technical (formerly Family Room) Specialist does. It's very demeaning and belittling to the work that Technicians and Geniuses have to do and all the training that they go through in order to even do the position, unlike sales which is much easier. If you've been there for 2+ years they stop supporting you in what you want to do unless you really kiss up to the managers, and it has to be the right managers otherwise you're stuck. Base salary for a new hire can be the same as someone who has been there 3+ years and they don't compensate for that and instead give the excuse that minimum wage at the time of hire affects that. Partnering with Sedgwick doesn't do anything aside from make it harder for them to fire you. Management will still look down on you and tell other employees why you're on leave or what you're doing on leave, which is a violation of HIPAA.
Overworked for the pay in the Bay Area
Primarily weekend shifts , some managers watch you like a hawk
Schedule is not consistent and does not allow for work life balance.
At times the hours were hard to keep up with while in school.
I was hired for role of business manager, the company decided to change this role to a retail manager and I was then threatened with termination if I did not comply with working outside my availability (that I was originally hired for). Upper management is unprofessional, disrespectful, and an HR issue waiting to happen. If you want any form of work life balance, stay far away from Apple.
Lack of promotion, always busy - understaffed
Expect to be overworked, you are expected to show initiative, don't expect to learn from your peers, it's up to you to be productive
Management does not care about your growth. It is near impossible to step into a management position from the bottom no matter how hard you work. The company has turned very political. Very hard to get RELIGIOUS time off. There is no work/life balance.
Very easy to become burned out. Not much to stimulate you professionally
work-life balance, can seem cult-like, leadership not always transparent
Extremely competitive and very tough to get promoted although annual raises are still given without a promotion!
Need better balance of customer demand and traffic to headcount and more short-term and long-term incentive compensation (bonuses, non-vested and auto vested stock or a better 401k match) is needed from the richest company in the world to retain talent.
Depending what store you are in opportunities can be limited, it can be a stressing environment.
Stress level, few opportunities to move up inside the company.
Complexity makes communication of policy and procedure changes difficult, multiple, mandatory, and repetitive channels to accomplish one goal (for example to request time off you have two different systems that ask for the same information in two different ways)
The weekends get crazy busy!
Dealing with overseas team is very inefficient
Travel , turnover , hrs
Kind of a long commute
I really can't think of any downside of working at Apple. I love it!
too strict on some aspect
People keep talking to you all the time. Real bummer. Takes forever to get your product discounts. I mean I totally only joined so I could get cheap apple products.
Work can be stressful during various build cycles
not much room for growth in the program
Poor communication Management doesn't lead Must work both Saturday and Sunday
Don't pay enough and hate the surveys because it seems no matter what you do it's still not enough if a customer comes in and the wait time is 3 hours and they do a survey I can get all 10's for the service I provided but they didn't like the wait time then I'm held accountable for something that is out of my control and that isn't fair I've done my job and provided excellent customer service
* Cultish in that you have to be eagerly awaiting every single new release of an Apple product. If not, you kinda get looked down on. * Can be cliquish. * People had a tendency to talk negatively behind others' backs. Can get toxic.
No free food, which might actually be good for the health No free gym You learn on the job
Don't pay enough and hate the surveys because it seems no matter what you do it's still not enough if a customer comes in and the wait time is 3 hours and they do a survey I can get all 10's for the service I provided but they didn't like the wait time then I'm held accountable for something that is out of my control and that isn't fair I've done my job and provided excellent customer service
Not really any cons honestly.
-Lots of outside hiring for management -Lots of "building hope" but not enough action -Lots of company politics involved in advancement
The long hours and working throughout the holidays
The hypothetical "good" managers referred to in the Pros section are uncommon. Much more common is the sort of manager who feels insecure and considers his/her reports to be competitors, and prevents them from contributing effectively. Such managers feel under pressure to provide all the innovation themselves, and actively suppress anything from below. Of course that won't stop them from giving their reports negative performance reviews for failing to innovate. If you get this sort of manager you will find you have no voice. If you are considering a position at Apple learn as much as you can about your potential managers, try to find out which sort they are.
Managers can be really unskilled in leading and not understand the culture if they were hired from outside of apple. They do not like to promote internal people to leadership roles who are more than qualified for the job.
A senior leadership team that doesn't care or know how to lead a team to be their best. Apple is lost on how to acknowledge the growth of their stores, especially the technical support portions. Staff is always asked to do more to offset the increasing customer base, but very little appreciation is filtered down from corporate. The corporate leaders have very little understanding of what actually happens in the retail store every day.
Still a retail job (scheduling/retail hassles)
New products so you have to keep up
Not much room for progression
Depending on your location, career growth can be difficult
-Minimal opportunity for career growth or skill development -Store hours, sales targets, etc always increase while staff shrinks -Full time requires 24/7 availability, part time requires 5 days & 20+hours -No fixed schedule makes a work/life balance extremely difficult.
They demand a lot. They failed to mention when I was interviewing for the spot that they have mandatory overtime up-words of 20 hours a week. So the work to home life balance can be pretty bad around the holidays and big hardware releases.
Poor work-life balance. Same issues happen again and again because product delivery pace is too fast, workarounds and patches are being used everywhere, and some issue is never fully addressed and solved.
The work hours can be extensive.
Super fast-paced, no work-life balance, high expectations (at times unrealistic) Work load is heavy. Culture is not for everyone.
Not Applicable None i don't know Maybe Can't think of any
There is absolutely no blueprint or roadmap for advancement. This means you'll spend frustrating amounts of time trying to meet this quarter's ad hoc development goals only to learn that the focus has shifted in an entirely different direction next quarter. You'll find promises are plentiful, but opportunities far, far less so. It's not at all infrequent for people in leadership positions at other companies to be promised a fast-track into Apple Retail's leadership ranks but, too often, once you've taken the bait there isn't much you can do to move upward.  Internal promotions are exceedingly rare so don't be surprised when you find yourself working for a manager hired externally from another retailer or even a fast food restaurant. Apple has quietly de-emphasized growth training and is now focussed on throughput at the expense of all else, including employee and customer satisfaction.  From a products and services standpoint Apple has done very little of late to cause excitement. If you're on the support side of things expect frequent laments from customers about the degradation of Apple's products. Frequent recalls, abrupt cancellations of favorite services, and a general feeling that we've been here before. Apple has trod on its reputation for so long now that it almost seems quaint to recall the days when hundreds of people would line up for days in anticipation of a new product launch.
There is absolutely no blueprint or roadmap for advancement. This means you'll spend frustrating amounts of time trying to meet this quarter's ad hoc development goals only to learn that the focus has shifted in an entirely different direction next quarter. You'll find promises are plentiful, but opportunities far, far less so. It's not at all infrequent for people in leadership positions at other companies to be promised a fast-track into Apple Retail's leadership ranks but, too often, once you've taken the bait there isn't much you can do to move upward.  Internal promotions are exceedingly rare so don't be surprised when you find yourself working for a manager hired externally from another retailer or even a fast food restaurant. Apple has quietly de-emphasized growth training and is now focussed on throughput at the expense of all else, including employee and customer satisfaction.  From a products and services standpoint Apple has done very little of late to cause excitement. If you're on the support side of things expect frequent laments from customers about the degradation of Apple's products. Frequent recalls, abrupt cancellations of favorite services, and a general feeling that we've been here before. Apple has trod on its reputation for so long now that it almost seems quaint to recall the days when hundreds of people would line up for days in anticipation of a new product launch.
Moving within apple is easy but you have to tell your manager before hand which actually puts you at risk.
Hard to move up in the company
uncooperative customers can be a bit challenging
The positions I held were in retail, which isn't for everyone.
Have to be a good worker(meaning motivation).
Discount could be better Pay could be better for such a company Vacation time for Part time would be nice.
Can get burnt out quickly
Hard to become a manager and due to talent pool, competition for advanced positions is steep. Don't expect to get a position because you're the most tenure .
When there are product launches or when it's holiday season, it can sometimes get overwhelming with the mandatory overtime that can be quite extensive
-retail hours -inflexible schedule including every weekend -you will only succeed and be given opportunities if you are a manager favorite
Not a lot cons to mention other than having to relocate for most positions.
Career growth can be limited to only your area of expertise. Culture of secrecy is a core part of the company's DNA. Work life balance can suffer in certain departments.
Overall, no complaints great place to work for.
Non-disclosure agreement is very prohibitive.
Product launches and major software releases are hectic. Management will ASK for you to work additional hours. This is a great opportunity to make extra money, but can be all encompassing, especially if you support multiple products/services.
Depending on the store you work at, management may be what ruins your time at Apple. Micro-managing becomes very annoying and sometimes you don't feel as valued due to what managers expect.
Overtime is NOT permitted. We're reprimanded for staying half an hour later but then aren't able to leave early another day to rectify the overtime. It's frustrating. Apple has enough money for occasional time and a half.  There is a language you must speak if you want to have developmental conversations. There's a guide for this language that isn't discussed. It's accessible, but it's such a bizarre part of the management culture. We're all expected to know this language and if we do not speak in such terms our points are cast aside and our voices are not heard. We're also reprimanded for not using said language.  Though we are paid slightly above other retailers, there is so much more involved that it's insulting to call us just retail workers. I've worked retail many times prior to apple, and it's a different ballgame entirely. As a whole, we are not paid enough for what we do. We're overworked, exhausted, and disenchanted. Apple has neglected their people over the past year in a massive way. It's heartbreaking.
Cons- There is a large disconnect b/w Apple Corp & Apple Retail
Horrible managers and salary increases. Like working in a sweat shop where your hard work and contributions are never recognized.
micro managers. you will never advance here. pay is $15 an hour with no commission. if you want a real sales job with commission, look somewhere else.
Not so much to tell
Difficult customers, policies and procedures can change week to week, Apple has a target on their back, high traffic for most of the year
Gave a hard time when trying to go through the days off process
Dealing with inept management and work processes that tend to be unclear and constantly changing. You will loose all empathy for people after hearing every sob story for the millionth time.
It is Apple corporate so expect white walls, cubicles, quietness, and no "startup" feel (aka fun daily activities, free food, etc.). The cafeteria is not free (but INCREDIBLY DELICIOUS) and you definitely feel like a number due to the number of people in the company.
Grew so fast, various growing pains including sub-optimal systems. Apple culture became so closely held and controlled that it backfired.
too hard interviews to transferring to a full-time job.
tight schedules, hard to balance personal life
Management Change - Micro Management
Big company, resources are spread thin. It becomes really difficult to get other teams to work on the things you need.
Due to the volume of work, it can be overwhelming. There are escalation procedures in place, but they can be ambiguous without enough experience.
entitled customers in the genius bar
no cons, such a great company
You need to enjoy being busy and challenged
Unpredictable hours ( as expected with a retail job)
If you are a Sales (Redzone) Specialist you can have weird hours and days off can be denied weeks after they were approved if a launch or reset comes up.
Pressure packed, blame first environment. Expected to own your area and always blamed if you don't meet expectations. Expectations are a floating target and aren't communicated. Leadership focused on saving credibility verse employee development.
Very politically correct environment. Management to Employee relationships are a facade in majority of occasions. No direct career path. If you're in college looking for a good part time gig to have some pocket money this is for you, if you're looking for a job(career) for more important reasons (supporting family - supporting yourself rent, groceries,general living) don't bother with a part time offer you will be stuck in a rut trying to advance. Work life balance is poor, especially if you're a part timer with open availability for all the hours you can scrounge. Metrics supposedly don't matter but in reality they do (surprise). They want a "Yes" man. With the size($) of this company they could offer a lot more employment to current employees even cross training but at the end of the day the bottom line comes first which makes sense from a business standpoint.
retails schedule, low pay and a short glass ceiling
bad management, stubborn, dont take feedback kindly while still asking for feedback
Very strict on punctuality, no room for advancement, can be cliquey, employees who know Portuguese advance faster
I haven't experienced any yet. I came into it with alot of Apple product experience, so there was very little learning curve. Some people who work there don't even own an Apple product, it's harder for them to learn everything but they still can do it and I've seen some very successful Apple employees who started out with zero Apple experience.
Low pay. Robotic system of rating you. Very very low chance of advancement. They won't even tell you what's required to advance. A customer wrote in that they were going to shoot up an Apple Store and I forwarded it to the FBI and the Apple fired me for it. Said it was private info I shared. So basically if they learn about a terrorist threat they won't tell law enforcement because it's considered private info.
Need to push for yourself to get ahead
Usually in a mall. Pay for tech work low for industry. Retail side means low work life balance. Hard to move into corporate or higher roles.
Pay was very low compared to what I left, and what management promised me after 6 months.
Being responsible for customers personal conflicts with the brand.
The pros of working in Apple retail is if you are not ready to deal with very emotional customers who do not understand the technology they've purchased you are in trouble.
- Lack of growth. You're not going to go up in the rankings fast at all. - Micromanaged. - Say goodbye to your life. Apple at one time offered us preferred days off which was swiftly taken away. Working every single weekend is a must.
Every second of downtime needs to be accounted for when not on a call and it can get a little overwhelming, hours and shifts aren't the greatest
highly inpersonal, easy to feel swalow up by the massive company. sole focus is to improve survey results, even when at cost to apple rep
HR is not consistent, you are at the flexibility of the business needs, lots of ambiguity and sometimes micro management.
Middle management knows a lot about everything and also a lot about nothing ( I think this is expected in any call center type of jobs)  Salaries are not as competitive as you might expect from a 700 billion dollar company.  Software tools used on daily basis crash and are pretty unstable. This can be frustrating when you want to support your customers but due to lack of tool stability you can't.  Unrealistic metrics and no matter how much feedback is provided soon you come to realize that it will not change due to bureaucracy.
Low pay. Robotic system of rating you. Very very low chance of advancement. They won't even tell you what's required to advance. A customer wrote in that they were going to shoot up an Apple Store and I forwarded it to the FBI and the Apple fired me for it. Said it was private info I shared. So basically if they learn about a terrorist threat they won't tell law enforcement because it's considered private info.
Apple is now a bureaucratic nightmare. It is now in a death spiral of not innovating and not leading the industry. They are kicking back on their accomplishments and putting all their eggs into the iPhone basket.
Culture seems to be degrading. Seems like management is okay with burning employees out and replacing them with cheaper college graduates.
Stuck in a hole working at home
Commute from city not ideal, flat organization so opportunities for promotion are slim
too many employees, too many customers.
At times it felt as if you were just a number.
Sometimes it can feel like leadership caters to those who are politically savvy. It seems like they get three or four people under their wing and then only focus on helping those people grow. Other people can get left by the wayside at times because they don't own their own development.
You work with so many talented people that there is serious competition in getting a promotion. Always have to be on your A game!
changes take awhile to implement
Retail hours are not conducive to a great work/life balance if your partner works a 9-5 job. Also, I don't want to go up from where I'm at - being a manager seems like a terrible gig.
Retail late hours and have to work Friday's Saturday's, regardless of your other obligations. Have to work 4 days a week.
Very secretive and that has many (unintended?) consequences: teams don't talk to each other, implementations are not shared, duplication of work, much more "not invented here" syndrome and poor scaling of efforts.
Working in silo, total fear of revealing information or seeking unnecessary information, and hence less possibility of collaboration. Long work hours for 8-9 months in a year.
Work life balance expect to work your weekends and holidays. Evening calls and text messages during family times are normal. If don't answer then it can be perceived that you are not committed to Apple. HWTE can be a very political at times. Previous experience outside of Apple counts for nothing once you join. You practically become an intern again. TDL role has lots of responsibilities but no one is accountable to you. You are advised upon Jong to bribe people with lunch to ensure your emails get answered.
Retail is still retail, most customers are always upset before they walk in and you will have to defuse their anger.
Zero. Great job to have. Would recommend to anyone.
Poor work/life balance, although it has gotten better, high stress for the pay rate
Need more hours and better pay
Everyone on management team is pent up, lack of quality leadership.
When you do work with such a large collection of talented individuals, typically the loudest personalities come out on top when it comes time to promotion. This may not be intentional, but it definitely happens. Also the pay is pretty great compared to a lot of other retail jobs, but a lot of the "benefits"take a healthy chunk out of your check. It definitely takes a toll on you in the long run.
Maybe it would be great to have some type of commissions or bonuses around the top performers.
It's Apple, everybody and their brothers uncle's dog wants to work there, as a result there is tons of competition. I recall them stating that only 2% of applicants get a job there. As a result, don't expect top notch pay or benefits. AppleCare is open 365 days a year, so don't expect to be able to spend the holidays with family and friends. They don't give support advisors who support the iPhone an iPhone, as a result many advisors supporting the iPhone have never used one. At best you may be provided an iPod Touch, but that's a total different user experience. It wasn't until I bought my own iPhone that I was able to competently support it.
There is zero room for growth.
-Corporate policies and company politics make it hard to move up. Now it's even harder than it was a few months ago to move up to roles like Genius -Your job description that you agreed upon when you get the job/get promoted can change dramatically and you have no say about it (Creative role in particular) -Even if you have IT certifications or lots of knowledge leadership still may not want you to use those skills outside of your main job duties because that's not "part of your role anymore" or "will never be part of the role" -Your role can be challenging at first due to lots of knowledge of company policies or product information but over time gets very tedious (say after 1 year) and makes it boring for you to stay with company unless you get promoted which is quite difficult -Company Policies change so much that there's lots of ambiguity on handling a situation for customer support. -At the retail level it's really just a customer support job that uses technology as it's medium. In short it's stressful because Apple takes a customers side first over yours even if it's not fair like the old saying "customer is always right" most of the time. -It's hard to maintain a work/life balance at the retail level. They have made some improvements but you still can't have a set schedule
None that comes to mind
Hard driving. Not great life-work balance.
rude customers, management always takes customers side over employee
At the end of the day, it's still a retail job with the all too familiar "retail woes" - unset schedule / sporadic weekend shifts, occasionally a disconnect between leadership and specialists. Can feel like sometimes sales and numbers are valued more than employees.
Retail hours (work on weekends)
Nothing that I have witness. The field is a great environment and people treat each other with dignity and respect always
Very large company. Communication across teams can be difficult, and lessons learned from one project are not always properly applied to another project.
more information needed for the compensation
All companies have bureaucracy and Apple is no exception. I hear worse stories from people at other companies (like Google), though.
Retail is not corporate and the two shouldn't be confused. There is definitely a division between the two and retail is considered second class. Being a very flat company, advancement is incredibly difficult and competitive. Moving from retail to corporate is even more difficult. Being a retail job, the hours are what you would expect. Accommodations are made to to provide a work/life balance, but it's still retail and it's still shift work.
This is a retail position with retail hours and a very "particular" customer base.
Management may not have as much experience with user questions as much as actual advisors
Retail environment and inconsistent schedule
boring job and same thing
Work life balance is a challenge Aggressive management with tight deadlines Scope for career growth limited Inter team communication could be better
Demanding customers. Often short staffed because of lenient attendance policy. Schedules are inconsistent both in shift times and days. More and more "Priorities" make it hard to understand goals. Unattainable goals. Inconsistent leadership. Difficult for internal promotion to leadership.
I would have to say the work life balance, for somebody that has a family I would say that it would be more difficult
Your hours change every 3 months, and you have very little say in the matter. Being religious, and a husband and Father I would like to have some control over this. My final schedule, and the reason I quit, was Sunday-Thursday 11-9pm. So I didn't see my children, couldn't attend my college class, and couldn't attend church. The only way out of this was to have someone trade with me, and I was unable to do so. There was absolutely no flexibility even though I was one of a few hundred employees working the same job.
Way too much operational focus in the field and loss of what got them to what they are. Work life balance was not good when I left. Mr. Cook needs to have better oversight of field management by executive team. Be prepared to spend more time analyzing business than actually selling.
work life balance is not great
Extremely busy due to popularity
Retail schedule is somewhat out of your control. There is a Relatively flat pay scale. Very unclear rewards for more effort.
A load of responsibility. Not always a clear path for growth. Lots of last minute changes. Would prefer a better work life balance.
Customers were entitled and can wear you down. The line for company advancement is long and riddled with people that have the "years of experience" but not necessarily the skills necessary to advance - resulting in lots of outside hires for management instead of simply 'skipping over' the under-qualified people to get to the capable employees.
lots of hours, no work life balance
Overworked, management doesn't take our complaints seriously, working all holidays
Working as a contractor can be stressful specially when your contract period is not known. They can end your contract at anytime without a proper notice.
They are pricey and you would think would be hard to sell however this allows you to build a relationship with your customer rather than a sell.
Kind of difficult to move up in positions. It's a long process to let management know and then you need to make sure your numbers are sufficient enough to prove yourself worthy. Could take months before you can even consider moving to a different position.
Schedules are very rigid. Very difficult to actually celebrate Christmas with extended family due to the retail demands of the season. Limited growth opportunities on the technical side of the business. The more senior the management the greater the decrease in transparency and decrease in understanding the impact on the front-line employees (which is to be expected for any large company).
You DON'T work for Apple. You work in retail. Make no mistake, Apple stores are unlike working in any other retail shop in a mall. It's a retail job, so plan on working every weekend and having days off during the week. Holidays are a mess, but that's the nature of retail. Once you work your way up to Genius, there's nothing left but management.
You DON'T work for Apple. You work in retail. Make no mistake, Apple stores are unlike working in any other retail shop in a mall. It's a retail job, so plan on working every weekend and having days off during the week. Holidays are a mess, but that's the nature of retail. Once you work your way up to Genius, there's nothing left but management.
Required to work holidays, most devices are sold for holiday season and support is needed through the New Year Busy season hours inflexible
-For a SV tech company, its one of the few with no free food. There are a few cafeterias but they're not free. With Google, FB, LinkedIn, Twitter and more making sure everyone is fed three meals a day, Apple is one of the last enclaves not offering that. Sounds petty but you'd be surprised how much money is saved when there is free food and how productive it can be.
Culture and group-think can be difficult to handle. Management tries to emulate gravitas, but this kills the sense of community and mutual respect.
Employee benefits are bare minimum compared to other silicon valley companies.
Number do matter even if you don't make commission. You will only move up if you brown-nose and upsell.
Work life balance, high stress
bad food and not friendly
Wish that we had more happy customers
Apple has gotten very large and unfortunately doesn't have the small business advantages that everyone appreciates. It's a huge company now and with that comes security/benefits/good pay but the company begins to own your time like any major big tech company. Family time takes a back seat unfortunately
Wish that we had more happy customers
The only con that I could think of is during that time of which I worked sometimes I could get too tired.
Sometimes management won't meet at an apple standard but that varies and is rare.
Lot of work at times
Nothing to say. Everything is good!
Flat organization, difficult to move up, direct feedback is lacking, strategy is sometimes unclear, manager competence varies by department, employees expected to pivot quickly and often
Very competitive for new positions. The politics are there and expect to work for it.
It is hard work, you are there to keep the merchandise and software's well functioning so the customer is always satisfied.
Moving up the chain is hard. There's to much competition and even if you move up the compensation is not that great. Even if you show interest of the other position and try to help in any way possible, they want you to stay focused on your current position. Which is a shame as they're not exploiting your full potential. At the end of the day it's still a retail store.
Difficult to speak with management, can feel secluded
Difficult to speak with management, can feel secluded
Work life balance, internal tools
open office, small workspaces, no huge discounts on products
Managers play favorites often and don't recognize hard working employees who score highly with customer satisfaction. It is difficult to move up in certain locations. There is a lack of work life balance as the company does not provide set schedules. There is also a lack of proper training for employees in recent years.
Being a high end retail store, customers come in with higher expectations resulting in a more stressfully job experience for employees. There are about 6+ managers in each store and most of the time their ideas don't align so be prepared to here one thing and then be told the complete opposite the next day.
very fast environment requires ability to deal with ambiguity
Hours are tough and rising up can be difficult once you are pegged as not one of the special employees.
It is a great place to work. However, being that it is customer facing job. And occasionally customers take their anger out on you
Understanding that certain metrics are out of your control, no matter how hard you try. Monitored very closely at any given time.
Movement away from education, shifted more towards sales.
ability to move up very busy environment some leadership politics
Low pay for the job you're performing. Very stressful non stop working with upset people, who mostly treat you like garbage even though you're trying to help them. advancement is very competitive and very rare. schedule used to be flexible but they changed the policy and now getting days off are harder, work life balance because less valued. Corporate company pushing the corporate agenda.
The pay is far too low for what you do. The hours suck. Not much upward mobility in retail.
Not a lot of down side to working at Apple. If anything, it can be hard to move up as there are a lot of people shooting for a select few positions. If you are willing/able to relocate, these options go up pretty quickly thought.
There aren't any cons about this company
Apple seems not to care about the Spanish chat department. They expect 30 advisors to take care of Latin America, Europe, North and Central America. Whoever staffs advisors during the weekend doesn't understand that 11 advisors to help all these regions is not enough. Others departments are off on New Years Eve, but not chat. Other departments have new positions so advisors can progress, Spanish chat doesn't. Other departments takes 18 chart per advisor (average) when an Spanish chat advisors takes 30+. Other departments are way over staffed and Spanish is not. Management even says to explore other job opportunities.
Company has lost focus on the customer, especially in EDU
Traffic in the morning is horrible #WorkAtHomeLife...lol
The actual tasks of the job were incredibly boring, but I felt I learned a lot. The only reason I left is because I knew it wouldn't go anywhere and I couldn't make ends meet financially.
Having multiple managers, and getting one that micro-manages always feel like being ruled by iron fist. Absolutely no work life balance. If you work here and your not an executive or engineer you will have no say on your schedule.
Hard to Advance within, Come on bad snow days, sometimes not flexible. Sunday nights or morning store meetings.Inability to advance within.
work/life balance, low pay, poor schedule
With the right work ethic you will quickly gain skills that make you more valuable, yet you won't be financially compensated for the extra work and knowledge that you have obtained. Corporate is very disconnected from the actual retail process. Corporate employees that are above store management only care about money and performance numbers. The wage gaps between sales/technicians and management is too much. Not a good long term career.
turns you into android, slave and mentally sick drone Create a culture of fear and hostility. full of sick managers it is all about policing employee.
Micro management Poor Salary Competition
Salary is not competitive for certain positions within the store and this compared similar positions outside of Apple. Work life balance may not work for some people.
clients can be the worst
The schedule is not family friendly and is not easily changeable due to a shift bid system.
overwhelming at times, hectic during product releases
Stream of consciousness work style. Don't sleep. Employees are either working or asleep - nothing in between.
the expectation is that everyone works very hard. It is well known that working in corporate Apple is high pressure stuff, and it looks great on your CV. Work life balance is probably better at many other companies. Working in Apple retail is hard and non stop... your feet hurt!
A lot of managers and miscommunication from one to another. Hard to take certain time off and no realy holidays off as well.
It is retail, hours may chnage but its not really a "con" if you make your schedule ahead of time. However, Management think its still 1920. Any signs of deviation from the plan is met with serious restraint, or worse they retaliate. Their way of improving an employee's productivity is by placing them in what is known as "Documented Coaching," which is basically a threat to do better or get fired. This is not how you motivate or incourage people to develop, if any thing it makes employees scared and resentful of management.
I do not have any cons
Little work life balance, because even when you're not at work it'll be on your mind. Constant roar of a busy/loud environment. Extreme company kool aid... Apple can do no wrong. Hypocrisy.. say does not equal do. Corporate values aren't always reflected in individual retail stores. Mgmt hears but doesn't listen...Tries to solve deep-rooted problems by throwing a fresh coat of paint on and renaming it. They're afraid to call a problem what it is because thats too negative, "it's actually an 'opportunity.'" That's noble in general, but taken to this extreme just creates more problems by avoiding the actual issues. So we plaster on smiles and bend over backwards to "position" things differently to customers and to ourselves. Heaven forbid we speak realistically and think critically. Mental acrobatics because saving face is everything.
No clear promotional path. Lack of transparency in opportunities.
Working from home u have to have a quiet space and be disciplined. Apple customers are terrible and rude. They're very demanding.
The only thing would be retail hours.
EXTREMELY political and favoritism at the retail level. especially my retail store in south Texas.
Retail environment is hectic and demanding schedule during the holidays
health, family, time, friends, life
TERRIBLE work life balance. Constantly understaffed and severely strapped for resources. People are constantly quitting and no one is being hired to supplement the amount of support we need. Our customer traffic is rapidly increasing, and we're expected to do WAY more with WAY less. The Higher ups in the company are constantly talking about "retail evolution", when the fact is the company is losing people faster than ever. As a result, morale is EXTREMELY low and just about everyone there only works for a paycheck. People are overworked and call out just to get some peace of mind. No one is passionate about their work anymore, and Apple is now just like every other retailer.
Work life balance can be difficult. Requires quite a lot of traveling.
Long hours, pay, upward mobility, pay, and pay
Work life balance isn't a thing.
High standards with little recognition. You WILL be over burdened with work and stress. No matter how much work you put in, or how much you know. You will always be expendable here.
Intense work. May be pros for someone's perspective.
Office politics, management does not always know what they are doing, hiring for the sake of hiring, a lot of unnecessary hirin
Limited promotion opportunities for at home employees.
You're on your feet. It's Retail.
Nothing honestly. It's a great company
Impossible metrics to meet sometimes makes it stressful
People can be too inwardly focused on Apple and only Apple things. It's not necessarily a bad thing, but it means that working at Apple retail is the end-all to many staffers and that may limit your scope of the world. Upward mobility is limited at best.
The retail management is really rough for the most part. They bring in people from other retail companies, not realizing that none of these people know what our day to day jobs are. We have to explain technology to customers daily, and yet our management knows barely anything about technology. They are simply the mouth puppets of whoever is running the "corporate values" side of Retail. At Corporate, there is nothing like this, but in Retail they discuss "competencies" and more to sound like their boring management means something. They don't care about development for each employee, they just care about their salary and making sure customers don't get upset. There are a few managers who get it, but not enough to make a difference. Apple really needs to change the way they pick their retail managers.
Pay was lower than I hoped for, working from home can be daunting for those adventurous persons, hard to do a job for a long time when you can't see your co-workers face to face.
How to be very weary of time management and can be very stressful if working within the iOS group.
MICROMANAGED TO THE EXTREME. No clear path of movement if your manager has a problem with you.
Stressful, not easy to move to corporate, unreasonable expectations
Some of the customers were a little over the top, but that is to be expected.
Frequent changes in metrics and policies that are not clearly communicated create uncertainty and can inhibit providing quality customer service. Its a very busy retail environment.
Busy all day long, never fails
I think apple should be share some tech like as OS api, customize theme api and etc. Now android is forwarding than Apple. we must focus about this.
There are some who get by and don't provide a certain level of quality that others work hard to provide. I would encourage upper management to really drive home the expectations they require and to not be so lenient when it comes to those who don't meet the cut.
Long wait times, usually not enough staff. Turnaround rate is very high as well. It takes a very long time to hire people which is difficult.
Difficult to move into other teams or rolls if you are not in hardware or software engineering
Some bad managers, some slackers just riding the wave
You help 3 customers at a time if you do chat support.
Lots of management which slows down decision making and managers promoting themselves which blocks the way for real contributors There's a feeling that stellar growth period has ended
The schedule can be difficult to have a work life balance. Expectations of employees can be unrealistic at times. Genius Bar staff on verbally abused almost daily by customers.
Not much of a bridge between retail & corporate for job opportunities, Applying to jobs at corporate is like sending your info into a vacuum for most people. Over the years also if a person did not get a position, one would hear some helpful feedback as to why, Now not hearing anything back seems to have become the norm,
• The mix of personalities among management means you'll sometimes get managers who are not empathetic to your work load • Heavy traffic in the store constantly • Noise in the store makes it difficult to communicate with customers • Lots of challenging customers to deal with • Very strict time and attendance policy that is without mercy • Misleading career opportunities
Is becoming more like any other call center, more focus on numbers with a veneer of concern for quality but meanwhile outsourcing to the cheapest foreign labor whilst reaping massive profits.
Less opportunities for temp/contract workers to be placed in permanent positions.
-Too driven by numbers and not the end result. -False promises. -Horrible scheduling issues. - moved half the staff to iTunes then kept them there after they told them they would be coming back leaving the chat department under water for MONTHS! -Depending on your boss, there is alot of micro managing. My boss was pretty cool but i heard otherwise from co-workers. -Taking 3 chats at a time for tech support is just too much. It's doable sometimes but when they were slammed for those few months that drove me to quit, it was busy with 3 chats+ all day for 10 hours and most everyone was upset because they had to wait, etc etc etc. -There are different rules and procedures based on the country the customer is in, causing confusion because previous reps never verified the customer location and they would get upset when they were offered an option that they did not qualify for because they live in the wrong country. -During that busy time, they kept telling us that they were going to fix the scheduling issues, but instead they purposely let people go home on VTO so the reps who stuck it out, were stuck on 3 chats all day just to save some money. -No dispute process for unfair survey scores. -Development was not taken seriously in my opinion. Many of my chats were reviewed but I was never given any constructive feedback on the surveys that fell under and was told I did everything I could. Well if I did what I could then there should be a process to turn over that survey as it was out of my control and providing a feedback link does nothing for the customer. -Previous supervisor reviews, wouldn't fully read my chats and just assume that I did not meet my commitments. I had to constantly read through all my reviews and submit corrections because they were being missed for not having enough time to go over my chats. If you don't have time for a rep's performance improvement and development, how the heck are you expecting them to improve? -During that busy time (which they said would only last a few weeks, turned into months) this was not even during a launch period. meetings and trainings that were required were being canceled but somehow we were expected to complete them while being on 3+ chats at a time. -They wanted reps to go above and beyond but with it being so busy there was literally almost no time to stand out unless you had 4 hands. I had to do many of my extra projects and presentation preps during my breaks/lunches and off time because the environment was too busy and stressful during scheduled work time. -Systems didn't work properly all the time and were poorly structured. My last job literally had one hub that we would go to for troubleshooting and then go from there. Apple wants to be different and have 1000's of articles that we have to search find through quickly when many of them had too many steps that didn't fix the issue causing a poor customer experience. I ended up using google for 90% of my research and I had better luck fixing issues then using their internal systems.
Customer interactions around mobile device and Mac repair can be challenging. You may quickly burn out. Genius Bars can be short-staffed.
It is a retail job. You will face with difficulties from customers time to time. Sometimes customers can be unreasonable, but your leader will support you.
Not enough training time with new products and features Some upper level advisors are not always helpful Things are always changing so it can create confusion sometimes
Sometimes there is no rhyme or reason as to why someone gets promoted over another person and the feedback given is not always concrete.
Have to be extremely self motivated
Strict schedule. Must work every weekend.
I still have a lot to learn
Working at a store level is frustrating do to poor leadership and management support but usually the staff is amazing to be a part of.
Retail hours are retail hours. Your shift is can start anywhere from 7am-6pm
Management teams aren't as organized as expected.
customer retaliation and all day work schedules
It's retail. What can I say. The way to advance is through a recruitment by corporate.
Things change A LOT and the internal tools are annoying to work with at times. Not always a clear path on what is a promotion or a lateral move.
Retail hours don't work for families or school. No time off during holiday time otherwise considered black out days.
Leaders were sometimes bringing emotions of personal lives to work. The retail hours were not as good. Lots of favoritism with management.
Working in customer service for Apple can be incredibly emotionally draining. Apple is known for its world class customer service and as a result, customers have come to expect it. In fact, many of Apple's customers have become incredibly entitled. The majority of the customers are still Mostly decent people, but not a day went by without being insulted, harassed, or yelled at by someone. When they aren't rude, they are needy and expect to have their hand held through all troubleshooting, and you are on strict timelines to keep your calls short. This is mostly to be expected in customer service, but Apple is so busy that you find yourself going through this back to back to back to back with little chance to breath. Scheduling changes every 3 months, and it's left up to chance- like a lottery, unless you are a top performer, in which case you can choose your schedule. Being a top performer isn't easy, and the criteria is strict. Your call handling is monitored, critiqued, and micromanaged down to the tiniest details. You are in a break or after call time for 20 seconds too long, and a manager is checking on you to see what's going on. Some people excel at jobs like this, for the rest of us, it is exhausting. The stress began to take a toll on my mental and physical health. I was an Apple Store employee for 7 years, but I only last for 1 as an Apple care advisor. I almost filed for a medical leave because of how sick and crazy this job was making me, but I found a new job instead. The good news is that Apple has fantastic disability benefits, probably because they know how sick and crazy his job makes people.
No control of your schedule, impossible standards. Just about impossible to average all the call metics they want from you. The schedule is literally the luck of the draw. I have had problems with my family due to schedules I have gotten from Apple, with no option to change it once it is given to you.
Once you move to higher positions like Genius or Creative, there isn't much you can do besides become a retail manager, so the opportunities become extremely limited.  The genius bar side of things become very stressful and demanding, and with the inconsistent scheduling (8-5 one day and 11-8 the next) there can be very high turn over.
Too many layers. People work 'til their physically sick &/or medicated. (sleeping pills, pain meds to sustain but not thrive.) Hard to get directly connected to the causes that you'd like to volunteer for.
It's become all about the numbers and less about the customer.
It's a lot of work, teams are usually strapped for resources and under pressure to deliver on strict timelines leading to high stress and long hours at certain times during the year.
- Wish the pay was a bit more. It's above average for retail, but I wish I was paid closer to 40k a year rather than mid 30's. I was with the company for almost 6 years. If your closer to a major city market your pay does jump though. Good example I made 16.11 hr in a VA market and 18 in a NJ market
Same phone for 5 years
No cons! Make sure you're aware of the requirements for the job. Working from home can be amazing if you dedicate yourself. I personally think we have advantage compare to those who work in the office - we don't have distractions like your co-worker talking about personal life, or spending time in the coffee station. Your numbers can beat any other person's if you really want :)
Traffic through 101 can suck and the train (I cannot think of a legitimate con, everything is okay here) cafe food sucks at times
The hardest thing at apple is once you outgrow the retail life, the corporate opportunities really only lie within Cupertino, California or Austin, TX.
The hardest thing at apple is once you outgrow the retail life, the corporate opportunities really only lie within Cupertino, California or Austin, TX.
1. This was some of the dullest work I've ever done. At the Austin location, most work seems to revolve around helping Apple-associated repair shops do paperwork. I wrote a lot of processes about things like explaining to an Apple keyboard jockey how to replace incorrect serial numbers and how to document returned parts—and so forth—to support these repair shops.  2. It can be impossible to get away from deficient personality types, and that can screw up organizational functioning. I had the misfortune to get saddled with the smuggest, most pedantic—and yet still unfriendly—person I have ever met. The kind of person who can't distinguish between "can" and "may," but who will take a paragraph to critique your use of "who," instead of "whom." The kind of guy who makes his neck tendons stand out from strain when he's trying to make an ordinary point about a slideshow in a meeting. There's no need for that kind of inanity in a clock-punching job. Anyway, he trained me and occupied the adjacent cube during my entire tenure. And because he dug himself in, there was no way to get away from him, even though it was clear to my supervisors and coworkers that this guy was an obstacle, regardless of how hard he worked. Everyone hated him, but there he is, immovable.  3. Apple is Byzantine. More arcane than you'd dare guess, and yet there's not an organizational chart to be found. Ask for one, and you get a weird oral history recounting the succession of lords and ladies in the various sub-departments. But not, say, a hierarchy of departments and brief descriptions of their functions. This makes it unnecessarily difficult to figure out how the organization works.  4. Good luck getting access to the systems you need to do your job! I never got access to some of the systems I was actually writing processes for! Many times! Unbelievable.
Hard to transfer to different locations and requires another interview. Had to quit the company because my spouse was offered a job in a different state and none of the Apple Stores in that city had openings.  Required to work weekends.
5 hour shifts are kind of obnoxious. I'd much rather come in for a full shift a few times a week, than smaller shifts more frequently during the week. There aren't quotas to maintain otherwise you'll be fired, but you are expected to sell an amount of Applecare with all the products.
Huge work loads, everything is based on a metric, no matter how good you do the managers point out flaws, lots of micromanagement since you work from home and in very impersonal ways since you never meet your managers in person.
No work life balance. You work late hour shifts. Calls are stressful. Metrics are impossible to meet. Too little time for training
Busy work shifts unprofessional management
- talking to lots of people
Constantly changing work schedule. Some internal fighting over growth
Retail hours make it very hard for work/life balance
You have to talk or chat all day to different customers across the country, and sometimes the language barrier or fraud scams can be a bit much.
angry customer scammer heart breaking calls repetitive questions
hard to meet life and work balance
Got increasingly difficult to deal with. Management would say yes to something and then say no the next day. Constantly!
Quality of managers can fluctuate, micromanagement, facility lighting, and ambient temperature is too cold.
You worked hard for those benefits.
The entire kitchen suffers when too many associates are absent.
Difficult to move up in company- will usually choose external hire of internal.
I can't think of any.
Many people that have worked in the retail environment are burnt out. Either by the retail hours or the customer service aspect of the job.
Advancement in Apple Retail is challenging as there are not many new locations opening in the US and people don't leave often.
Sometiemes you have to work in a rush and under a lot of pression to dinish the deliverables on time. Thats a cons if you dont like it. But I do
Very start-up-ish with outdated processes and tools and worker bees that just do what they were hired to do (that's the culture).  Employees are not encouraged or motivated to move around in various roles, they basically want you to do the same job for the rest of your life and not complain about anything because "someone else would do your job in a heartbeat!"  Poor management that gets no training on how to be a manager and lack the knowledge on how to coach and develop your people. No opportunity for employees to give feedback (i.e. anonymous surveys) to management and/or the company to create efficiencies and improve employee satisfaction.  The secretive culture between teams creates an environment of constant fire drills. If the teams partnered and worked together- imagine what this company could accomplish!
You can easily get stuck in a roll if you let it. If your not a people person. It's not for you.
Crazy hours, especially for part-timers and special events. Make you scrape for every little advancement. Can lead to cognitive dissonance when everyone's talking high ideals, but it doesn't match reality.
Being with the Company for years it was great to work for Apple Inc. They made the place a enjoyable place to work! You were EMPOWERED to make decisions! You were celebrated for doing exceptional work. The perks and swag was Plenty, shirts Coffee cup, Blankets. muffins served at your desk and great fun celebrations for events. Overall enjoyable and exciting. Then Steve Jobs Passed and now you are Micro managed, audited bullied and constantly being warned of policy or be fired. Very little Chance of promotion. The Team Manager Apprentice program allows only a few people in and it can take YEARS for an opening. To get in, is not what you know, it is WHO you know. The good old boy process. If you have been withApple longer than 2 years, you may not get any promotions at all. Training is online testing, or self guided. The company has ERASED every thing Jobs had going on in the sites! They painted everything white and Grey. No quotes from Jobs, no inspirational notations. Everything is NOW focused on Profits and employees is the last thing thought about for improvement! The bottom of the totem pole that is rotting from being tinkled on.
Employees often dogged by metrics
Dealing with clients who have been disappointed. Keeping them with the network. Asking questions that will help them unravel their problem.
Stacked schedule and stressful sometimes
There are not that many cons, but one of them would be slow-design process.
No cons in my opinion!
Uniform gets kind of tiring. Corporate culture can wear thin. Discount was highly regulated. Opportunity for advancement was tough.
Growth is nearly impossible past the Store Lead role
Less competitive salary (benefits are excellent, however). Retail hours.
Long hours and hard to keep work life balance. Feels like you are on call 24/7. High pressure and stress.
Minor/Minimum Advancement Workload Retail Holiday schedule Management favoritism Dealing with Angry Customers on a daily basis
Long Hours crazy hours are regular
Sometimes the company can do things that make them seem more arrogant than they are
Definitely more demanding than your typical retail job but it's easy to stay engaged and passionate about the company. It's a retail environment so you have to work holidays/weekends but that is to be expected.
It has bad retail hours. Shifts are not at all flexible. There is no room for development.
There are really no downsides.
Lack of internal transparency Minimal performance recognition High expectations Pervasive ambiguity Some difficult personalities Competitive environment, not always very supportive
No open management positions at this time
Frequent travel to China to support the builds.
Very hard work expected, draining, hard to shut off from work
- Career development can be challenging depending on what group or manager you are with/working for. When join Apple be sure that you have a good understanding of who your manager is and what the desire from you. - Live/Work balance can be a struggle sometimes. - Often times you are working in a windowless room, for security reasons (for years) - Often times you can't work from home for security reasons - Traffic to Cupertino is a constant
Management's goals didn't always align with the lofty feel-good behaviors we tried to espouse with our customers. Could be high pressure and stressful environment, especially during the holidays.
No simple way to move to corporate. Corporate treats retail like they're kids unfortunately. Very unhappy with that side of work.
Management is not knowledgable about products and employees
Working on major holidays
Working on major holidays
- Clique-y - depressing as you climb the ranks - you never can be truly needed there
No work life balance Favoritism is prevalent Lack of inclusivity Low moral Social climbers Fake personalities Drink the kool aid or get comfortable being an outcast
Hours, customers, not a lot of upward mobility
There is no room for growth (at least at my particular store), management is not flexible regarding other obligations outside of work, ultimately it's still a retail job and you will deal with some of the craziest human beings on the planet
Business Experts are basically business executives at a retail location minus the pay an account executive would make outside of retail. Do executive work without executive pay
Like any innovative company the workload is extensive. It is up to you to achieve your own work/life balance.
The scheduling system is a little meh, have had to deal with payroll more times than I'd like to square away small payment issues
It's a retail schedule, and it is highly competitive for advancement.
For those of you who have worked in customer service before and are considering Apple - don't think you can handle it just because you've "done this before". Of all the places I've ever worked (10 years of customer service and technical support), this one is the most demanding mentally.  Extremely poor work life balance, especially if you work in chat. They don't schedule well, and they certainly don't hire enough to handle their volume, so you end up doing twice the work for the same pay. Or worse - triple the work which is very common during the holidays. And no - I'm not talking about extra product support - you will support all of their products. I'm talking about volume.  All the while you must maintain a strict level of quality which is measured by customers - which can be great, unless they're upset over something you can't control. And - you guessed it - there's no way to challenge the feedback.  On the days you work you are exhausted from too much over stimulation, and the days you have off (if they're not pushing overtime), you're just trying to recover. Be warned - this is an extremely stressful job and it will effect your day to day life in more ways that just having to be somewhere for a minimum 40 hours a week.  On top of that, it's extremely hard to provide feedback - everyone is focused on positivity rather than reality, and so it's not a very honest environment.  In the time I've been here, I've only seen it change for the worse - never for the better, so my outlook is quite grim. They have consistently proven the bottom line is more important than their employees or their customers, and this is unlikely to change.
Business Experts are basically business executives at a retail location minus the pay an account executive would make outside of retail. Do executive work without executive pay
Like any innovative company the workload is extensive. It is up to you to achieve your own work/life balance.
Lonely seclude job, pay rates are not transparent and public. Múltiple salaries depending on area. Not enough money on promotions .
Can be a punching bag for many customer concerns
The customers we interact with seem to be entitled and unwilling to learn. Some are even prejudiced and even racist.
It is still retail, great support. But customers are customers.
retail hours and hourly salary
The management, the stock performance, the benefits are all lacking relative to other silicon valley companies
Not many cons at all. Management is the best.
It will be difficult to manage if you are unable to connect with people and occasionally deliver unfortunate information like "Your data( pics of your newborn child, dead relative, etc.) was lost" mediocre Customer service would make working at Apple difficult l.
Position becomes very monotonous with same issues over and over again. No real challenge to learn something new. Working from home is limited as far as expanding your career.
Can be very stressful and overwhelmingly busy. Pay needs to be higher to compensate. Difficult to get full time or move up.
NO work/life balance! They don't seem to care you have families or that you can spend holidays with them at all. They don't care what you are available, change schedules, add more and more duties onto you, threaten to write you up, change your schedule, or whatever they feel like at the time to "punish" you. They rely too much on statistics, metrics, surveys and things out of your control. Have yet to receive a raise, they work you to death and add mandatory OT on everyone which shouldn't be allowed if you are full time
None at all i can think of.
The people who come in who don't understand technology get frustrated with you easily. Technicians aren't responsible for you breaking your stuff.
Low pay and hectic work environment. The management teams are very retail. They care less about the employees and working condition for employees. It feels like the company is becoming too big and the focus has become more about profits and less about people.
nothing this job is great and I love it
Working from home can lead to feeling isolated.
Can be tough at times
High volume of work load.
dont car about you during busy times
High traffic but as expected.
Customers can be a. It pushy.
None so far, let you know
All new management …micro manage….took the fun out of it
We used to have to perform at a certain level, if we didnt sell enough applecare warranties we would be told to work harder
Customer service is stressful, equipment is not always up to date, often glitches in the iLog system, POOR managers
Pay is not good if you are living in expensive city, pay raise is minimal, very difficult to move into corporate, very stressful/taxing being verbally attacked by angry customers, seems to not be organized at times, not enough vacation, no holiday requests for vacation can be made.
Shift bids, work holidays, forced into other departments without pay raise, constant stressed out employees, and all a numbers game.
The product discounts aren't all they're cracked up to be.
Few opportunities for advancement or even full-time, newly hired employees starting at a higher pay rate than current employees
Becoming a large company. The layers can make things a little difficult.
Managers position is difficult to transfer to other locations in Phoenix area. Work/life balance is challenging schedule for the staff gets out three weeks in advance but managers schedule is weekly and sometimes we get the schedule less than a week out.
Low levels of support for learning development, career progression, visibilitiy into other opportunities across the compay
Retail hours are not the best.
The pros are only enjoyable when management doesn't suck. Otherwise, there will be horrible scheduling, no support, no consideration of the individual, difficulty moving in any direction besides laterally, etc.
Its Apple.and they have planned obsolete products most of their customers don't know this.
The new and uneducated that are claimed to be genius. They used to be, know many of the top genius, that still perpetuate commitment front and forward quickly, and resolve problems. I don't see it in many store's anymore. Nor do I see it at the retail management level, not trained.. Retail made Apple what it became, along with Mr. Jobs, and Steve Wozniak. Retail pay is horrible, even if you sell 100K in 3 days, no commission, only management get bonuses. Corporate dictates the rules, and does not understand how to run retail, which is the heart and bones of our business. Sales have dropped, and counting on the service part of the company to make margins is the only way now.. A sad way to make the cut. What happened to innovation?
Did not get a chance to explore so much because Apple has its own system. You need to start to learn Apple way all over again when you join.
Repetitive work, can be very boring. No opportunity to grow or to become full time employee. they dump you without telling you what you did wrong or if you need to improve your performance. they are suppose to have reviews every three months but they never have done them. It's a lot of favoritism here going on.
Petty, prying, overbearing management that plays favorites over ability.
Inconsistent schedule. High turnover rate.
hard to get in, a lot of customers can be rude and arrogant which makes work stressful. Pay could be better given all the responsibilities we have.
High for retail pay but low for a career. Apple retail managers will dangle and Apple "career" in front of you to get you to work harder, however good luck every making over 40k a year.
Working on holidays, too much expected by management, too much ambiguity seems to change way too often and management in AppleCare takes away more and more from their employees at the higher level (Area manager and above)
* Limited position growth potential * Retail hours and inconsistent work schedule * Lack of support structure and regular communication to stores from Market and Corporate
They don't pay folks what they are worth, and you will be overworked. Apple's workers need to unionize.
Its Apple.and they have planned obsolete products most of their customers don't know this.
They hire a lot of external people so room to move up within is virtually impossible. Not a full blown career for most people! Get's boring and repetitive over time.
Did not get a chance to explore so much because Apple has its own system. You need to start to learn Apple way all over again when you join.
They hire a lot of external people so room to move up within is virtually impossible. Not a full blown career for most people! Get's boring and repetitive over time.
I have 0 complaints about this company
nothing bad to say
Need to get out of the home a lot
More working hours when compared to pay.
Many times you are overwhelmed by the number of customers. Customers have unrealistic expectations for being helped immediately with sales or service.
its still retail, you have to know what youre getting yourself into. other than that great company.
Stressful Customers, conflicting direction from management, limited opportunities for upward mobility.
Long Hours overtime no pay
Not very high salary and not many paid leave days.
They did not allow their full time employees which make up less than 10% of the retail employees create a steady schedule. I never had two consecutive days off, and in fact often worked over 9 days straight. The store I worked in was VERY busy and it drained me. I'm a true extravert that loved the product and love people but without the necessary time off to refuel they burnt me out. Myself and the few other full time employees asked for a set schedule and to fill around us with the ample PT staff but was rejected stating that this is just retail work so get used to it....
Schedules are not very flexible sometimes and changes very often
They won't work with your schedule if you have kids.
-Very high expectations -Heavy micromanaging of your every action -Strict management
Apple customers are horrible Roles are always switching meaning you get hired to do customer service and you end up working ever aspect of the business with no warning, no pay increases or incentives that others get, no training, you are just told ok this is what you're doing we will update you on processes as we make them.. You are held accountable when they throw you into a situation where they set you up to fail
Constant ebb and flow with leadership in regards to vision.
Management If you're liked in a role hard to move to another Favoritism Hard to move to full time Management
Nothing, the company is great to work for
When you first start off the shift aren't the best. You have to shift bid.
Have to work one weekend each week, shift bids, sometimes stressful
No work life balance, hired for experience then experience discounted.
The quality of the engineers is possibly dropping, but possibly not. It's hard to get real metrics, because as the absolute number of people grows
When I left, I learned that my male counterpart with equal experience was making 30,000 dollars more than me per year...so gender bias is still a thing.
Not easy to move up within the company, as Apple doesn't have processes in place to help your career growth within the company. Also, it's a call center, so you work almost every holiday (save 3), and you will most likely work weekends, unless you are a top performer.
There is no path for growth.
Big team so we don't know where to find another person no discount for contractors
Nothing, the company is great to work for
Customers can be very demanding. It can wear on your soul.
Growth from within was encouraged, but records of new hires would indicate otherwise. There is a severe disconnect between upper management and middle/lower management and customer facing employees.
Retail employees do not get the same benefits as corporate employees.
I know, I know, with the above post a lot of people will say, "Oh, this guy must have drunk the Kool Aid. Honestly, it's not even about that. I do love the company I work for, or else, I would have never applied. No company is perfect, however. The job is incredibly demanding, and draining. Keep reading.  For me, I do not work at a flagship, or avenue store. Chances are, you might not either (if you're selected.) So, a lot of times, when heading to work you might feel like "Oh, I just work in the mall. Nothing to see here. Just regular customers."  I can't lie, I have had those thoughts sometimes. But there are ways to help with that. Show up to work a little earlier than expected. maybe 30 minutes. Relax for a bit. get your mind wrapped within the atmosphere.  Because, truth be told, the job is incredibly demanding...but it's so rewarding.  Don't be dismayed that you work in a mall. You still work at Apple and you are still enriching lives. It's incredibly fun.  Questions.  Customer's will come in and ask the same questions. Over and over again. And over. And over. Don't get bored. Find new ways to creatively express what iCloud is. Find new ways to show customer's the differences between the iPhones, Macs, or iPads. Let them drive. Don't take over. give them that, and you'll see that they enjoy the interaction more. (I used to be in this section, where you recommend solutions to customers, but have since moved to the Genius Bar.)  As far as the Genius Bar, you will get those customers who are mad. Don't snap on them. Just listen. Let them get it out. Empathize. Once you listen and stay calm, they become calm. Never match their level. You can't fight fire with fire. Works ALMOST every time. The times that it doesn't work...well, I'll leave that up to you.
- too much focus on numbers (now, compared to before) rather than people, which were once the primary focus - very difficult to move upward, despite qualifications, and despite their saying that you "create your own path"
Busy overworked cramped inflexible retail
Retail, Limited advancement opportunities, leadership is nearly always sourced outside the ASLP program and current managers, so even successful ASLPs who are hired as managers get stymied at yr 3-4
secrecy makes it harder to collaborate
They add more and more job duties once hired
I needed more flexibility in changing schedule
It's really busy. Store is always packed with customers and questions has always been asked about products. Other then that cons I can think of working here.
Little scheduling flexibility- and by that I mean shifts are given by bidding. Bidding rules are not very clear and if you are not within the top 5% of your role you are at the mercy of the bidding. I closed every day I worked for over a year which was a deal breaker. Training is minimal when it comes to features. For example- iTunes is a very popular tool which we use daily but there is next to no training on it. The only resources we have are google or articles written to help but sometimes the directions are vague and it leaves a lot to the imagination.
Management needs to listen to people more
Working from home can sometimes be a negative.
Low side of the pay scale for Macintosh Technicians. Retail Hours - Schedule starts at 9am-11pm. Non-consistent scheduling Hard to move up in rolls in same store. Most of the time you have to apply out of store.
Low pay - just low, cannot make living with this
After the culture and values changed, it went down the hole. Management in this market if full of bureaucracy and politics. Apple prides itself on providing worklife balance but yet does not display it.
Definitely a lot of work and takes a very dedicated person to succeed. If you don't want to work hard this definitely isn't the place for you
Not much freedom for creative projects.
Customer satisfaction is job #1 and people very rarely call because they're having a great day.
Not many so far so good
Management would say one thing and do another, talk to me and others like children, renege on promotion offers, coworkers would often joke about things that could come across as racist or anti-LGBT, like "I'm fine with domestic violence between men, ha ha." There is also lots of nepotism, which factors into promotions often.
90% of people calling in are just ignorant, condesending, entitled rich people  Management says you can be promoted if you keep your metrics good, I've kept my metrics good for almost two years and still no promotion "because needs of business" management just pushes you around and never really takes into account your actual skills, they just want you taking calls in a low level position like a zombie...when I first started they said we would be promoted within six months if we kept good metrics, it was a blatant lie and they just gave us additional roles and work without additional pay after those six months.  No real opportunity here, if you are hired in AppleCare all you are to them is a number to take calls from ignorant people utilizing subpar products. You have zero opportunity to move into a higher position within a different department at Apple, so just apply for those jobs directly rather than wasting your time with AppleCare.
The pay is competitive with other entree level higher end retail stores but not fantastic.
It's retail mostly unless you want to move to California or Austin.
There is no work/life balance. You will be expected to work most holidays. Getting schedules with whole weekends off is rare and requesting off a weekend day/night is nearly impossible. You are guilted into doing overtime during the busiest times of year (product launches and holidays) while you are already worn down and away from family (like Thanksgiving and Christmas and New Years).
The hours are terrible and the job is relatively thankless compared to other Silicon Valley firms. Middle management is mediocre and the outrageous churn in the organization is testament to that. Put simply, a large number of people you speak with in Ops range from unhappy to 'imminently burning out'
It is retail. Having to deal with numerous amounts of unhappy customers about their products.
My only complaint is with management at MY STORE. Any other store I've visited is much, much better.
They don't advocate work life balance, I have to work 10-12 hours per day. They are too secret about everything.
Glass ceiling coupled with high pressure environment
In 2013, I would have given this job 4 or 5 starts. Since then, management has totally disregarded all employee feedback and has implemented new policies that are universally despised by the front line workers at AppleCare. Work-life balance has become nonexistent. And after years of working at home, your work life just naturally creeps into your personal life.
Lack of opportunity for upward growth when working from home. Other than that, nothing.
Inconsistent hours make it difficult to stay healthy and positive. Unprofessional environment. Loud most of the day. Hiring questionable employees who are right but obnoxious.
Upper mgmt micromanaging. Lack of career development. Improvements to work environments move at glacial pace.
no cons that I saw great environment to be in
Very bad management, hierarchical, primitive, low budget, traditional, old, not efficient, no promotion, bad commutation, no social activity, unfair, no generosity, stereotypical, no growth, no free food.
Long hours, micromanagement, secrecy, competitive, cutthroat
It is a lot of work and sometimes emotionally tolling, but the pros heavily outweigh any cons. Working from home is not something everyone can handle.
Takes long time to execute.
Your schedule is constant changing. So for parents and family oriented its a really hard job. Your first shift for three months and then third for the next three. You have to bid for your shifts and it is based solely on performance.
ruthless culture, perks not as good as other companies, management can be a little clueless in the non-product related areas
no carrier growth what so ever
no carrier growth what so ever
Traffic around the complex can be a nightmare around five o'clock in the afternoon. parking can be difficult at times. many levels of management can be hard to know direction.
Never worked in an at home environment, it can get to some people if you don't get out of the house!
Finding the right cultural fit within Apple seems to be challenging for many people even though there is a general "Apple" corporate culture. It's hard to feel like a part of a larger organization. You find the right team, you find the right fit.
- Being a leader is NOT about completing checklist tasks. Excessive meetings, documentation and monitoring does not make you effective. - Advisor and Manager Schedules should align at least 70% of the time. Managing a Team of 20 advisors whose schedules range from 5AM - 8:30PM PST 7 days per week across 4 time zones is exhausting and difficult to support your team once you calculate all the mandatory meetings that could easy be emails, mandatory tasks required for our monthly scorecard and additional projects assigned by your area manager which typically consists of work they don't want to do themselves. - You have ZERO work/life balance. Working 50 hours per week is a minimum if you want to be effective. 60+ hour weeks are typical.
1. Little to no room for growth -- politics play a HEAVY role in moving up, transferring, or getting a promotion, once you're full-time, there's nowhere else to go, if you want to be a manager, they'll string you around with empty promises so you can do their dirty work 2. "Business needs" are always put first and do not take into account your work-life balance -- want to go home for Thanksgiving or Christmas? Not happening. Need more or less hours for school? Can't guarantee it. 3. Entitled customers on a daily basis can be rude, condescending, and ignorant, at best!
The role of Senior Advisor at AppleCare is unsustainable. To be blunt, it is a soul sucking job. It is embarrassing how rude the demographic of callers are. Abusive to be frank. I wouldn't go back to this role if I was paid twice as much.
-Sometimes contradicts its own stated values, both internally and externally -Great rhetoric, but does not always follow through in actions -Far too difficult to get full-time employment -Benefits for part-time are not as good as full-time -Work can become redundant. Some customers can be very difficult. -Can be understaffed. Excessive focus on individual productivity. -Communication and coordination between teams can be poor at times. -Schedules in Retail are highly variable. Can make work/life balance hard sometimes.
To huge a company, which comes with its own issues.
Sometimes the scheduling can be a little rigid but nothing over the top. No real cons.
No benefits until you've worked a ton of hours for 1 year. Your hours change day to day, and you'll never get the same day off twice. Don't bother trying to speak to Staffing about it, they'll ignore you. I tried three times to talk to them (I had ticket numbers) about getting Thursday evenings off for classes with no avail. They'll promise you hours in the interview, but will change it completely by the time you get in. Training is awful. They don't teach you how to use any of the tools you'll be needing in production, and don't teach you how to use it later either. You just gotta figure it out. They want you to ask questions to help you understand how to handle new issues, but then they'll get on your back for having "bad stats" because of it when you consult. You'll be working there at the very least a year before even being considered for higher or different positions.
I want to go back to Apple. Was golden period in my life.
Schedule, job can become receptive
Nothing at all, I loved working for Apple
Could pay better that's right.
To huge a company, which comes with its own issues.
Unreasonable sales expectations. Too much pressure to sell.
It is retail. Sucks sometimes.
not a good work-life balance
The retail stores are constantly busy and employees are overworked. Hours are not flexible and are too long.
The retail stores are constantly busy and employees are overworked. Hours are not flexible and are too long.
Lower salaries. Hard work life balance.
Customers can be rude. Coworkers can become clique-y. The inside of the store is more political than you'd expect.
None that I can think of
$12 food is provided AFTER 7pm to ENGINEER ONLY.
Work load was unsustainable at seven days a week, highly volatile team structure, constant leadership churn, job insecurity, made triple working at another company.
Nothing bad, sometimes just like more eCommerce potentials to Employers.
Likes to cross train - training is something that needs work. Calls cross training a lateral move while you do your original job and held accountable for that skill with no extra pay. Offers you experience working with other departments on rotations say it is great for your resume, but that is great if you stay with company. No extra pay for all this experience/cross training which is really obtained by working additional hours. It is always presented that working additional hours really shows you are a team player and you get extra pay. It is overtime and the extra pay is the law when working over a 40 hour work week. Bidding on for schedule gets really old. At home advisors appears there is on career path something with support
It can get hectic and fast paced but the team support always keeps you going
The day to day grind was ROUGH. Customers yelling at you everyday for 8 hours a day was insane. Schedule adherence and screen monitoring is so intense and makes you feel like you're under a microscope.
Not much room to move up
- Very demanding for a full-time student.
The managers are clearly under a lot of pressure and that trickles down to the employees. There is essentially no work-life balance as it is close to impossible to schedule your vacations anything less than 2 months ahead of time. The expectations set on the Genius Bar team are extremely high, to the extent that most people leave the company within a couple of years after they become a genius.
This job really didn't come with any cons. Everything is laid back and it's just a great work atmosphere!
Tough to promote, pay not as competitive in some roles, gender inequality
Movement upwards in terms of position / role is limited.
I would have liked to move up positions more quickly but it was difficult to do so. Although the main problem was that there were not positions open because no one was moving onto different positions quickly. There was no transparency from management to let me know what they were working on.
Some employees top-out in retail and can progress no further unless there's an interest in management. The company has a tradition of promoting from within however and many move from retail into corporate. That pathway is not always clear but the company continues to develop talent even when it means losing a valued employee from the retail space.
Depends on your managers really, I've had good and bad ones. Again this place is what you make of it.
inefficiency at its finest here
-Can quickly become bored with job -Really low pay compared to job duties and sales revenue! -Retail hours
Really depends on what kind of managers you have. Becoming more sales profit focused then people focuse, so different from when I first started more then two years ago. Moving up the chain is very difficult and competitive. Managers decide if you get to move up ultimately so if you've got bad managers who display favoritism well........ I'll leave it at that. Otherwise Apple itself is a great company to work for.
Some of the Cons would be: Low Salary (compared to the price of the devices being sold), everyone must work on the weekends, so having a normal social life is difficult.
you get pegion holed into Apple specific processes
Not a lot of growth from home
It seems like management doesn't really care about you. They pretend but appear to be fake!
There are no Cons to working at Apple. Keep on doing what you are doing.
Schedule is non traditional and can be frustrating Salary takes years to get to the point to be ok, let alone good Limited opportunity to move up in a technical role without relocation Non-technical managers often dictate technician decisions
no work life balance no room for growth starbucks quality management team that does not know the product
Apple is a strict meritocracy.  The better your performance, the better your compensation and presented opportunities will be.  The company's reputation for secrecy bleeds into its culture and there is a surprising lack of transparency not only in terms of development, but management.  Your performance is entirely subjective to your immediate manager who is not always suited to managing people. The emphasis at apple is managing products.  Specifically their product. Combined with aggressive scheduling, there can be a astounding amount of infighting and politics.  It is possible to be a pawn in these politics and have information withheld concerning product and company vision.  Work-life balance skews heavily towards work. Expect 60 hour weeks minimum during post release lulls.
I have no cons for this company
long hours, secrecy and some time you face a lot of pressures
Salary is low, have pay for my benefits, small room to grow or get promoted. Upper management doesn't seem to care about the low employees, you are lucky if you get a greeting from them.
Normal customer service cons, such as rude customers. Typical retail drawbacks. Repetitive work. Minimal upward mobility for entry level employees.
It is a challenge to balance work and family. Load of politics between groups.
highly hierarchal management, difficult to get past manager biases, many people in higher up positions in stores get there by being the only person able to get the job, not by being the most qualified, which leads to poor leadership
Management lacked organization, constantly changing hours per week and when you have to be there.
no work life balance no room for growth starbucks quality management team that does not know the product
Bi-yearly schedule change with start times ranging from 7am to 1:30pm
heath benefits can be frustrating outside of major markets
This is a STRESSFUL environment, so if you are poor at handling high amounts of stress, do not work here. It can be difficult to make the move from retail to corporate. Although there are a plethora of openings, at times it is difficult to get the support of your leaders wether your a valuable asset or simply collecting a paycheck. It has definitely become bureaucratic and the focus has shifted towards 'Business, Business, Business' which makes the internal politics that much more difficult to deal with. Lastly, work/life balance is NOT a priority, Instead, the 'Needs of the Business' come first.
Transfers to different positions do take time. They want to make sure they have the right fit, and sometimes there just aren't any available for a period of time.
A lot of hours during weekends and holidays
can get very busy at times
When you have technical issues, they could be more helpful
This job can be very high stress and the schedule is strict. Will not work well if you need a lot of flexibility. It is a corporate 40+ hour a week job, so expect to work that or more.
Extremely aggressive quotas Being at home all day (might be a pro for some people) Constantly being yelled at from people upset about their phones and computers
-sometimes they are not as accurate with the advertised hours we should receive -hard to stand out against other specialist for upward movement
-As the company has grown, it can often be hard to see changes be made quickly. As things have gotten more structured and organized, naturally, some of the freedoms of a more organic and adaptive organization have become more limited.
Pay could be better. Most of us live paycheck to paycheck
Not a lot of mobility. Once you hit genius there is not a lot of room to move up. If you are fan of a constant schedule this job is not for you.
High stress and tight deadlines.
- Highly competitive applicant selection process can make it difficult for less experienced employees, looking to transfer, to get ahead.
This place is great to work for
Very Goal oriented. Managers job is for you to do yours. Keep you nose clean and meet the benchmark you should be fine. Lots of goals to move around laterally, but moving up is very rare and you have to be very lucky.
Kitchen staff is still segregated from the whole of Apple. The kitchens are run by clicks. Over all feeling of kitchens is sterile. Leads are expected to work off the clock average of 3 hours a week.
It's retail. You have some control over your schedule but when holiday comes, you work crazy hours
Many tend to be apple-polishers.
Lots of office politics, too much "grind"
Miscommunication of management team. Work weekends and holidays. Poor work/life balance.
Retail Schedule is not the best environment for a parent. Pay is substantial but having a family is can be harder.
Internal systems are not very well supported and occasionally cause difficult customer situations. The role does not change very often and seems to have less focus from corporate team.
Upward mobility, employee/manager politics, retail hours/schedule
When I first started with Apple in '05 it was more of a start up feel, very laid back, not big on metrics, as years went by up until i left it became too robotic, even as a genius had to hit certain number of goals per day and certain amount of people per hour, I loved what I did, but the culture started to change for me and I could not be apart of it. Also, I really do believe that Genius Bar should be like any IT firm working normal business hours say 9-6, not 6 AM to 9 PM.
On the Retail side, you often take a step down when joining which doesn't look great on your Resume if others don't understand the company. Many competing priorities with limited resources and at times not enough staff.
Processes and procedures constantly in development- this is both bad and goid
super stressful, with little assistance from management, multiple chats from angry customers, you're not given all the tools to accurately assist customers properly, Management is never really clear on company movements and will change requirements on short notice. Schedule changes every 6 months, and you are not guaranteed to get anything that works for you
Terribly inconsistent scheduling makes it tough to work other jobs
Co workers and daily workflows
Can be extremely busy, especially during holidays.
- Hard to Move up - With things changing so much, your job description may get longer but pay stays the same - Managers are usually hired externally - Technicians are not paid more than sales even though their jobs are 10x more difficult
Bureaucracy, totally opposite than what they make. Lots and lots of unprepared levels of management - Hard to make changes, apply new ideas and improve.  If you are ok with the monkey see monkey do type of work thats the place for you
Not many that I can think of.
There is a disconnect between what our job role is and what we are actually allowed to do. We are supposed to be mac technicians and repair all hardware and software however lately they pull that from us so we are just glorified technicians with skills were never let to use.
No bonuses. No incentives. Everything.
It's so secretive that they won't tell you that the team you were hired for moved to a new office, nor it's address, months before you yourself were hired. You don't know the context in which you are working. You are given trial projects after training. If you do not do these to their standards and within a short amount of time, you're canned.
Pay does not coorelate to knowledge required No home/life balance Most employees cannot afford products on pay
don't expect to advance much
either early hours, or incredibly late hours. Hard to have a work/life balance.
None That I can think of
no regular free food available
Schedule is nowhere near flexible the culture is not for everyone and they will squeeze every talent and special ability out of you for service of the company with no additional pay or chance for advancement.
little communication, management by intimidation
there really aren't any cons
Work life balance could be a little better.
Some benefits are reducing year after year like every where else. For example, lunch price and travel. Overall it's a great place to work.
very repetitive duties every day
No room to grow, lower pay than what most are qualified to do, customers are pretty crazy sometimes.
A lot of complaints from customers and fire drills from executives that need to be handled even on weekends.
Very busy but isnt too bad
Angry customers, long hours, a lot of overtime
zero work life balance, no career growth
No cons. Apple treats its interns very well
Easy to get "stuck"there Some don't utilize feedback
The retail schedule can be tough. Although, Apple is taking steps to improve this area.
You can feel like you hit a wall at some points due to lack of opportunities to get promoted. Overall, it is not the worst feeling, but it pushes you to work harder.
This is a retail job.
This position offered little time to focus on task completion. On top of a never ending work load, your job description changes during the busy seasons.
Work-life balance needs to be changed.
They say it's a tech support job but it's really just another call center customer service job
I did not have any regrets while working here.
No room for movement unless you get lucky
Overworked Hectic Inadequate pay for the amount of work
Ambiguous for promotion, hard to get hired
Competitive, Compensation, Support, Staffing, Attitudes.
You'll read a lot of negative reviews -- is it stressful, yes, but what customer service job isn't? I felt like I was constantly in hyper-learning mode for the first 6-8 months. If you don't like continuous change and constant learning, then this may not be the best fit. (To me it's not a con) I truly don't have any real "cons"
pay is not as great as projected. pay structure is based on companies under water . how about comparing to top companies in the world? Teams can be hard to get along for everybody and unless you are young or partying you will find it hard to break ice.
Inconsistent management. From excellent to disastrous within the same group-one small reorg and everything falls apart. Politics taking its toll. Too big an influx of new people in the past 3 years - too much to absorb in a short span of time. It is changing the culture (and not for the better). Example: manager dismissing staff ideas without ever listening, manager criticising staff in front of a group, bullying tactics. Creativity cannot flourish in those conditions.
Customers are pretty terrible sometimes...but what do you expect, it's retail.
Difficult to move up and pay can be better for the amount of work we do daily.
Too many contractors, outcalls and lack of work life balance
I worry about being able to move up in the company. I've heard from multiple people that it's almost impossible to go to corporate after working for retail.
But hard to advance from at home advisor
Nothing is bad about this company. I loved every day.
Commute from the city takes a long time. Secrecy is an obscession which makes it more difficult to create your own network.
None apple is the best
Working retail, angry customers with broken products.
Management was inconsistent and sometimes had no clue.
Micromanagement was a big concern for many people
Very high expectations with no rewards beyond pay.
Unrealistic metrics. Unrealistic goals.
not much room for growth unless you fit the mould. always getting screamed at by customers. store leaders and market leaders are not present and completely disconnected to the realities of the job
People are pretty inflated about working at the most valuable company on earth. Too secretive for my liking - we wouldn't know what's happening in another office/lab in the same building
Bad hours, but hey it's retail.
You have to make your own work / life balance and stick to what's going to make you happy in the long run
Advancement, retail doesn't have a lot of turnover in management and with so few stores, there's not often a open leadership position. Politics, could have just been my area, but getting advanced was less about talent, passion, and hard work and more about if there store leader liked you. Also, to much drama between leaders.
I don't have any cons
The almost/not quite cult behavior is not for everyone. Being retail I get it... but don't expect them to cater to the hours that you can or can't work.
The constant change in processes and operating systems can be challengingn to keep up with and remember.
Not given the opportunity to advance
Not given the opportunity to advance
You work with toxic and aggressive customers on a daily basis. The hours are seldom ideal as they require to work weekends and shifts after 5PM on weekdays depending on your role. Constant rotation of management means having to prove yourself again and again. There were many promises of upward mobility that are now non existent even as I have been a recorded top performer in the organization for two years. Benefits come and go with "business needs"
- consistency in management is lacking
Extremely busy. All the time. Constantly. Bad system of seeking technical help, constantly had to let people down who drove 4 hours from out of town to the nearest Apple store and had to tell them there were no appointments available until the next day.  Work/Life balance. No set schedule. Some days were 9am to 6pm, the next day would be 2pm to 11pm and you never knew what you got the next day.
near impossible to move in the company, feels stagnant, manager feign interest in your growth in lieu of their own career.
Managers are mainly brought in from external sources, very hard to be internally promoted. The retail stores are becoming more of a show room with less and less inventory being available for sale.
Before I began working for Apple I actually liked people. Now I can not stand the thought of ever again putting myself through the depression and self-downgrade Apple forced me into. Apple Advisors are slaves to their customers and to the company. If someone ever told you at Apple that they love their job, they were lying or on a great anti-depressant. You would think working for a big company like Apple would be having the sky the limit as far as how far you can go and how much you can make. I have been working at Apple for 3 years, no pay increase, no promotion. Yet, have met every metric constantly that their is to meet week after week. Thank God I have found a better job and no longer have to live in Apple hell. Because of Apple, I will never do technical work again for any company.
Haven't had a problem yet
Workload is exhausting. You go home just wanting to veg out. It's retail hours so your schedule is always all over the place and it's impossible to get time off.
The culture is difficult to integrate into There is an air of distrust and secrecy
Low pay, home office, very limited groth
The work can get a little bit redundant. The same work everyday. Hard to get promoted. Mostly politics when dealing with position movement.
It is a culture of excellence that demands all of you.
1. Apple expects you to grow vertically. This means work can be repetitive and people may not get to explore many new things 2. Not so great people management 3. Long work hours (with repetitive work)
Inconsistent schedule. Advancement. It is still a retail environment, therefore you work retail hours.
Sometimes not open to outside of Apple ideas
Career Opportunities and work/life balance.
It can be hard to advance at an Apple Store, and there are a lot of politics and seniority that comes into play when you try to move up.
customers can get annoying. a little bit of micromanagement depending on the manager you get
Advancement opportunities are slim. Even if you are a stand out. You have to look for every possible opportunity and jump before it is gone.
It is retail. Very late nights, huge amount of customer traffic, stress, work weekends. It is retail....
Shift bids can dramatically change your hours and pay
1. Apple expects you to grow vertically. This means work can be repetitive and people may not get to explore many new things 2. Not so great people management 3. Long work hours (with repetitive work)
All medical-related concerns/requests/leaves of absence are handled by a 3rd party called Sedgewick and communication between them and Apple HR is terrible. Leave of absence for *any* reason will be denied outright within your first year. Attendance policy is harsh with no room for negotiation with management. Apple owns the full rights to any ideas that you have while working for them. Communication with HR in general is a hassle and often takes weeks or months for a response.
No work life balance. Unrealistic goals.
Work environment can be competitive and sometimes uncomfortable.
weird hours, burn out on sales.
i like the company but they work you so hard and expect so much for the title we have
There was always more work to be done than time in the day. If you want mentoring, you had to actively, doggedly pursue it ... unless you are a "Golden Child" and favored by management.
At the end of the day it is still retail and you will be stuck with retail hours and responsibilities.
At the end of the day it is still retail and you will be stuck with retail hours and responsibilities.
Too many tasks. Pretty tired.
The inconsistent schedule and the abuse from customers.
No opportunity for growth - In my 3 years there, they never considered existing employees for managing roles. Always hired from Starbucks or Target. Don't accept "Career Experiences". They Apple's politically correct way of giving you more work without paying for it, with promises of getting to management they never keep. Very strict schedule, and hard to get time off. Don't expect to see your family for holidays if you work in a customer facing role.
It is still a retail job
Drama, politics, being over worked, no work life balance.
While true the company is always exploring new technologies, it is also huge. The teams working on each project are very big. If your not stand out engineer, who's also in the right place at the right time you can sometimes do boring tasks that progress you nowhere. The group that I was working on wash't to keen to do company transfers, which severes this issue.  So, would I recommend it? Depends on what what you're seeking from your job.
Work-life balance is practically non existent. If you are looking for a career and are not applying for management, then opportunities to progress are non existent. Micro Management (but it is a tech company) Micro Politics If you are entering with the thought of applying to corporate, then think again.
i work by the street and its a lot of noise
Any regular retail cons. Long hours, holidays, weekends, launch days. Working with the general population can be very challenging at times
Getting a good schedule is very Competitive.
long hours and poor scheduling
Clientele can be a bit difficult.
Politics, but that's not unusual for a company of this side. You're on all the time. There really isn't down time, what you do is essentially integrated with the rest of your life. It is fast paced - but that is also a plus.
Not the best place to develop professionally, low pay, repetitive/menial duties, little room to advance. A wonderful job for someone working while going to school. Not a career environment
No benefits, but expected as thats the way it goes for contractors.
A lot of traveling. Away from home alot.
customer attitudes, not a lot of supervision..very learn as you go
no commissions, hard to move up as a female and as a minority - Apple acknowledges this on a Corporate level. Advancement takes years and years, even if you have a Bachelor's Degree ad you are working with people who have a High School Diploma.
Unless you are the managers favorite, the room for growth is not possible
Silo'd into your respective team and org. Slow growth.
At its best, which is pretty decent comparatively, it is still just a retail job at the end of the day. Here are some opportunities for advancement, but if they are not for you than you are kind of out of luck.
Pay is a bit less than what you might expect from such a successful company however, the benefits are great!
Working with customers is always a drag because anyone is allowed in the store.
None that I know of.
Public sucks. People buy and iPod shuffle and act like Apple owes them something. People will hackle you for discounts you have no way of giving then get frustrated. No one wants to pay for a repair, and will always blame you (the company). You just have to overcome a lot of objections and it can get tiring after a year or more..
Not an easy place to start at, people are hard working but really not aware of each other. They dislike meetings and are not open to new ideas or even suggestions, they are successful but it is not a fun place to be
Holiday hours and product launch time are really stressful. Not much flexibility with schedules. Not really many cons to list.
As with many retail environments, you will deal with some highly entitled individuals. People can be very unreasonable and can even be belligerent or violent. How these people are dealt with depends on your management team.
The company used to really focus on developing employees as people, i see a shift now and it's becoming more big box retail which is extremely sad to me. Work/life balance is pretty much zero. You simply can't have balance working retail hours, days, non consecutive days off, the amount of customers we see. All I can say is force yourself to request time off otherwise you will burn out quickly.  Pay. Shighhhhh. For retail maybe it's okay. Except in the Family Room. We're not really retail, we're a giant public IT dept. Considering the knowledge we have and the work we do we're paid very low. Six years later, three as a genius and repeatably told I'm one of the best Genii in the market, my reviews are outstanding and yet I make less than twenty dollars an hour. Please explain how this is even a thing.  The pay spectrum is way off as well. For those of us who came in under John Browett we got screwed starting out at $10/hr. Only a few of us are left but pay wise we'll never get caught up to the new guys starting in the mid teens. Even with the pay bump three years ago that Apple handed out in addition to raises newer, less experienced Genii are making more money per hour. Partly due to when you get a promotion in Apple Retail they increase your pay by a percentage vs. using a baseline amount. This method really is unfair to loyal, good employees and very insulting that new Family Room employees a lot of the time make $2-5/hr more.  The good news is if you're just coming on I would advise you to really wear them out on wanted pay, you'll benefit greatly if you stick to your guns.
Not a clear path for promotion
Get yelled at a lot by customers
Nothing really. I loved working here to be honest.
Not much opportunities to grow inside the company. It's hard to get a full time position.
Call volume was way too high..it was annoying. 1-2 seconds between calls. Bad hours 2:00 to 1030 pm. And calls may go over. My whole day. They forced me to troubleshoot macs against my will. Same thing every day got boring to me. Day to day same issues, frustrated customers(to be expected), put wear and tear on my mental. I lasted a year...but I'm just too free of a spirit for this job. Thats it. Not too bad.
Management hoards the important work, decision making and pay. Internally, Apple is so secretive that often really critical communications never occur internally and people just then make up their own information. Ambiguity and lack of documented processes is rampant. It is truly a test of self confidence to work here. If you doubt yourself within the politics and ambiguity you can drive yourself crazy.
- Management - Hours - Appreciation - They say they are open to suggestions but don't follow it - They don't know how to do simple tasks to make life easier - Management is just a joke - Its like being in a kinder garden - As always whoever kisses the most butt gets the most out of this job even if they don't do a good job
Calls Back to Back.
No opportunity for advancement. It is difficult to follow up with customers because of the expectations that you must be available to take the next call.
Extremely busy and over worked with little recognition. Poor Leadership (no accountability for poor performers, us against them mentality). Retail decisions are made at the corporate level by individuals who either do not have retail experience or have dated retail experience. This leads to a disconnect where these decisions negatively affect retail's day to day. There is not an easy communication channel to provide feedback regarding these decisions which results in a lot of "work around" solutions.
Pressure to delivery can be stressful at times.
High stress, conflict resolution with disgruntled customers.
Customer can be pretty difficult at times.
Needing open availability in our market was ridiculous. They wanted use to keep our entire schedule open for them, yet they only scheduled us 20 hours max. You can't have an additional part time job, or even go to school. You have to work AROUND them, they WILL NOT work around you. At All. I was forced to quit my part time job teaching children in order to sell Apple products.  People who stab each other in the back often rise up the ranks. Which is sad.
hours holidays language barriers of customers constant turnover confidentiality
There are no downsides to it.
The job will make you work harder than you have ever worked even when you most likely have other things going on. For the most part, you are contributing to the team and everyone works hard and does their part to contribute. There are times your family won't see you enough.
no room for perm or extension
- Work life balance is severely lacking, especially around build events. - Senior Management is heavily into the weeds. - Schedules are set my Marketing, not by feasibility.
Less than challenging work and not many job opportunities.
Less than challenging work and not many job opportunities.
Low pay, mediocre discounts, incompetent middle management (in Retail) and a lack of career growth options make Apple just a career experience, and not a good place to foster a career.
Not quant driven, data messy to work with, a little political, poor work life balance
Not enough support for employees who deal with irate customers on an hourly basis. This is mainly due to managers who are not good at empathizing, and are only concerned with metrics. Upper-level managers are only concerned with making customers happy, and not keeping their employees happy.
A con would be making it how it is for example the iPhone it's so specific in detail that I'm sure it's challenging for some to make such a product
bad management, work too hard
Apple requires that you give your 100% every single moment of your work day. - it's not easy. Because you're working so hard, it's easy to become tired. Apple offers great benefits, especially for vacation and sick leave. You have to take advantage of this, though. A lot of my co-workers would never take a day off. You need that time to refresh and renew. When people don't use the time they have, it is very easy to become bitter and frustrated.
I worked with some groups that were in permanent crisis mode. Their upper management had committed those groups to deliver more than they should have, and many people were working more hours than were productive to try and match those goals. This is not all groups, but enough that you have to be careful.  Despite some really great organizational checks on this, there are some bad managers. Mostly they get weeded out, but I wound up with two of them above me, and more than half my group (myself included) left before the situation was dealt with.
Being such a large company, it could be difficult to move up in retail. A handful of employees did make the transfer to corporate after a few years
They can do better for people of color. Too often my fellow coworkers of color were targeted for minuscule offenses. This often held them back when it came time for promotion. My white counterparts would make the same offenses but they would go unseen by management. I don't think this is fair at all. All in all, I still believe that it's a wonderful place to work.
Retail hours, not given information early so sometimes you are left in the dark about products or soluitons until Apple releases it to the public even if you know things are coming.
inconsistent hours, retail environment, poor corporate planning and communication
Retail Hours , inconsistent schedule, Micro Management , some co workers will do anything to move up.
Busy. Long hours. Customers are rude. Sitting at home all day. Release dates. New products.
Promotions are slow (waiting for someone to leave the position) and a popularity contest. I worked at the Chestnut Street location and the clientele is extremely privileged and often didn't treat the staff with much respect. Inconsistent schedule.
Micro managing from management. Hard to get promoted. Lots of talk but no follow through.
They are not interested in contractors.
Standing long hours and no much break times
none its all good great
It's Apple. Some of the decisions made, you're not going to agree with, and the pay ain't great.
Contractors cannot use any of the company gyms or attend certain events :( Apple is a huge organization. You only see the tiny part of it that you are working for.
Only downfall I can think of was getting time off on holiday's but thats retail life.
Fast paced environment never slows down and is constantly changing. This can be exhausting and it is a constant challenge for leadership to prevent burnout in key positions.
Work hard, limited growth poor manager o
The Hours are tough. Management was ever changing and unorganized. Trying to grow in the company was difficult.
Poor company benefits (vacations, retirement, subsidies), very little profit sharing with employees, boring office parks, expensive cafeteria.  Apple is culturally rooted in the past, and as such has not adopted a more aspirational mission like Airbnb, Uber, Google, Facebook. At the bottom of the line, it's all about doing business and making profit through great products — improving humankind and accepting social responsibility is no priorities to the company (and rather a projection of the marketing team).  Apple also doesn't care too much about the needs of its workforce. Company gym? Pay for it. Healthy snacks/fruits during the day? Rare. Child care? You're on your own. Need to send mail? You need to consider that their campuses are in the middle of suburbia with few options to satisfy your daily-life needs. And you work long hours.
Not very organized, code quality is ok but just ok
High expectations and heavy workload that doesn't match your pay
Low wages. No commission for workers that usually total close to $1million in sales per year. (that's 1 million per worker!!!)
Special Projects are well funded in Hardware Engineering but politics are the worst Ive ever experienced. Never again.
Special Projects are well funded in Hardware Engineering but politics are the worst Ive ever experienced. Never again.
Stressful Lack of support Leadership Training
long(ish) hours lack social experience since you are working from home (might be pro for some) work might get monotonous occasionally
can be hard to manage as a college student
Not a lot of weekend flexibility
Hard to move up in ranks at times. Every year there seems to changed in management.
Long hours (but they make it clear in your interview, so no surprise here). Yearly compensation is minimal. Cafeteria gets repetitive really fast and the prices are high.
Long, long, long hours. High pressure workplace.
The cons in retail are around career progression. Opportunities for advancement are a bit limited and career progression is very ambiguous and difficult to gauge.
growth (other than salary) could be slow
Poor management Unprofessional and unorganized Bait and switch pay Trainers on power trips
500$ off discount is only applicable once every 3 years, other discounts are very small. Job is very mentally stressful and aches your body sitting for so many hours out the week.
Not good for work life balance
Company taks care of customers at the expense of the employees . It is not a place to grow a caree.
Sucks the life out of you
Working hours are not that flexible.
Secrecy within company (not really that bad - but can make processes hard because of drastic changes that happen very fast) Work life balance is better with part time, but still can be rough
Working from home isn't for everybody. There is no direct contact with people, you have a team but all your communication is via messaging, email, or the occasional FaceTime. The glitz and glamor that comes with Apple unfortunately means you get paid a whole lot less than comparative tech support positions for other companies.
The only con that I have is that although there are some awesome managers there, there was one who made me feel like I was in a hostile virtual environment. This manager lacked skills necessary to be in management and as a result I felt it necessary to remain on Medical Leave to avoid having to be under her leadership.
Only problem that you run into is upper management not being holistic when it comes to providing consistent feedback and treatment when moving around.
Only problem that you run into is upper management not being holistic when it comes to providing consistent feedback and treatment when moving around.
None really. Hard to get full time.
Intense amount of hours, Work will bleed into personal life and can be all consuming. Many times need to work 7 days.
Very secretive culture WRT interns.
Management never seemed to care and didn't know much about the product. Only way to move up was to make friends with the management. If you disagreed with them they wrote you off.
Need better pay for what we do. Stressful work environment
really hard to move up
Part Time hours were terrible. Not enough hours and the few were convenient.
Long hours, retail can be a little harsh dealing with angry customers, but the management usually has your back.
Nothing, I've been with the company for 5 years and it's had nothing bad
None really. Hard to get full time.
Very high stress environment and metrics mean a lot to them. They require you to work a weekend day and the vacation hours are earned (instead of a bucket given to you)
Apple's really high customer service expectations have created some really entitled monsters as customers. They can be difficult to deal with.
not good environment for contractors
Everything is too secretive so I felt that it would be hard to move on to different projects.
There are no cons. The company is very liberal and allows for individuality.
Stingy on the inside: hard to get a pen or a notepad for your own work purposes, lack of transparence, traditional email work methods,
-you have to work full time to get health benefits -training is rigorous but worth it
Have to work weekends and holidays
Pay could be better, considering the cost of living in the area.  They like to stretch people thin, and don't spend money where they should.
- High pressure - Very political - Expensive to live in area - Long commute - 30-50% of time on international travel - Hard to make a routine
tough to work, not easy to get a job
Sometimes overwhelming Dealing with entitled customers Work/life balance
Worklife balance is 100% nonexistent. Work tools regularly having issues preventing you from doing your job. Schedule changes to frequently and it really burns you out. Get stuck with schedules that do not work for your life. Late hours with no weekends off despite having small children at home does not work. 24/7 on the phones with customers tearing you down. No interaction with coworkers whatsoever. Metrics often out of your control dictating your schedule.
low pay and some inexperienced supervisors.
call center service career opportunities limited
Can't say there are some cons to working here it is absolutely fun and professional.
They do over work us at times and I feel like we are short handed most of the time
there was a lot of employees
Retail hours, scheduling can be rough around holidays and launches, obsolete roles are not killed off in a quick effective manner (looking at you Creative role).
Retail hours, unclear promotion scale. There's little to no incentive to work harder. Very team oriented, hard to shine on your own. Wish there was a type of commission somewhat
Not very many downsides to working here to be honest. The main thing I think is a minor con would be the fact that some people
Contacted positions. Managers don't really care about your needs. Horrible benefits
Not very flexible in shuffling candidates from one project to another
Hard to promote in certain stores seems like management a lot of the time doesn't focus very much with developing hard working employees.
With so many things right with this company, it's extremely disheartening that there are also so many things wrongs.  1) Little opportunity for upward movement - Apple REALLY likes to encourage its workers with promises of career advancement. Unfortunately, and not until recently, any and all movement I've encountered in the last year and a half has been lateral. The reason for this is due to Apple's outsourcing of advisors to 3rd party call centers or "vendors". For this reason, Apple is no longer opening up additional management positions, which has lowered the ceiling pretty dramatically. This is a huge disappointment for those of us who have at the "Management" carrot dangled on a stick in front of us for 2+ years.  2) Metrics-based performance measurements - One of the metrics by which advisors are measured is 'Issue Resolution." After troubleshooting with Applecare, a customer gets a survey asking if their issue was resolved. If they answer 'yes,' this is good. If they answer 'no,' then the advisor is penalized. The problem I have with this, as a measured metric, stems from the fact that there is no expectation that all issues will be resolved by the end of the first call, before the survey is sent out.  So even on issues where the resolution is not 100% in control by the advisor, advisors are still graded on it. This means that if a hardware repair is needed, the call isn't resolved on the phone, and yet the advisor still gets a survey where they are held accountable for the resolution. If the customer has to stop troubleshooting and resume at a later time due to time constraints or a prior obligation, they'll get the survey, and may answer 'no' to the issue resolution question, and the advisor will be punished. Some tasks take a long time to complete over the phone, and customers are asked to call back after a specific step is completed. Once again, issue is not yet resolved, and yet the customer receives the survey asking this question.  I am of the opinion that if there is so much as an INKLING of a possibility that the issue not being fully resolved before the first call, due to factors outside of the advisors' control, then the advisor simply should not be graded on it. It makes as much sense as penalizing a baseball team for missing a game due to inclement weather.  Too frequently do circumstances outside of the advisors control govern an issue's resolution, and yet advisors are held accountable to these factors. This is wrong. This is unethical. And honestly, I feel that this runs counter to the culture Apple boasts. Any grievances aired to upper management about this are met with suggestions of mental gymnastics to try and essentially convince the customer to answer 'yes' to it, even if the issue is not resolved. No effort has been made to really address this as a valid issue, and I do not anticipate that this will change in the future. This is a fundamental flaw, and it's the only major, significant gripe I have about Apple policies and procedures, as a big company.  How this punishment affects the advisor is addressed in my next item:  3) Schedule picks - Advisors get a new schedule every 90 days. This is done through a process by which an advisor 'bids' on their preferred schedule, from a list of available schedules. The list of schedule picks available to the advisor is governed by their aforementioned metrics (including the dreaded Issue Resolution metric). Those with the poorest metrics (whether in their control or not) are often left to pick the 'scrap' (minus the 's') schedules from the bottom of the barrel, schedules that have the advisor working the entire weekend, working until nearly midnight every night, working on holidays, etc. Given the fact that the metrics on which we are measured that determine our 'place in line' for a schedule pick are not entirely within our ability to control, this inevitably screws with the home lives of a lot of advisors. I've heard of parents being unable to take or pick their children up from daycare because of this, people unable to attend church functions, celebrate holidays with their families, etc. And on some occasions, even glitches on the back end have stuck advisors with terrible schedules, without so much as a word from upper management on addressing it. And the ways in which the different senior area managers address these issues is extremely inconsistent, and would benefit from some calibration.  Apple is a large enough company, at this point, with a large-enough employee base that it could very easily assign workable, manageable schedules to every person in every timezone in such a way that it does not negatively affect their home lives, and still ensure that all customers are taken care of in a timely fashion. It's 100% plausible. And doing so would further promote the progressive culture that Apple loves to boast. But alas, they will do nothing of the sort.  4) The customers - As is the case with any customer service job, the most stressful part, day-to-day, is the customers. Angry customers who won't think rationally. Customers who simply want someone to get in trouble. Customers who blame Apple for their inability to function in a world full of modern technology. Customers who refuse to acknowledge user-error. And they take it out on you. Working this job has shown me the worst of the worst in people, and I know it's affected me in a very negative way (so much that I sought therapy from depression/emotional exhaustion because of it). This isn't Apple's fault, but people should still know what they're getting into.  5) You will work on major holidays. At least you will be scheduled, and expected to be in your seat ready to work, before they say "Ok, you can leave," after the first few hours on the clock. Every single major holiday, advisors are required to work, and are often dismissed early due to low call volume. Of course I love being dismissed early on holidays. What I don't love is the inability to make plans with family for holidays due to the requirement of working, despite knowing I'll be dismissed early. Just let us off. Apple customers can go a day without someone to yell at when they don't know how to use their device. They'll live.  6) The resources given to advisors to utilize while troubleshooting are often insufficient, often nonfunctional and broken, and the fat is constantly being trimmed from them to make the advisors' jobs that much more difficult. Despite this, we are still held to the almighty metrics.  For some, these complaints may be relatively minor, but for me, after working here for 4 years, I'm left disenfranchised, and often uninterested, and certainly no longer passionate, about the work I'm putting in. I no longer look forward to working each day. At that same time, I feel trapped, because I know I won't find another job with benefits and compensation nearly as competitive as Apple's. I guess that's corporate work life for you. The level of effort I put into my work has lowered drastically, and with the punishments in place and the lack of incentives for hard work, I don't anticipate a shift toward the positive in the foreseeable future. The benefits and perks are phenomenal, but at a primal level, the things that affect you emotional, day in and day out, are what impact you the most, and Apple has lots of 'areas of opportunity' to improve upon.
Dealing with people who have no idea about their technology...
No con's at this time
pay, inflexible schedule, transparency of management, promotions based on favoritism not skill, retail employees get about half of the sick leave that corporate employees do
Ultimately working retail, with customers who are often rude and ignorant. Pay is low, and there is no upward path from this position. The position was recently changed by people who seem to know nothing about training.
High pressure sales position, always increasing sales quotas
Don't really have any cons.
expect strangers to begin having too high expectations for you.
In a big team like the NYC flagships, it's easy to be overlooked and they pick favorites for promotions
Pay and Red Tape. We need more focus on employee advancement
Can be a challenge at time to deal with customers. While improvement is possible the path and requirements to do so are very unclear
-Often feels like there's little opportunity to move up rather than lateral -Many employees express feeling like they are strung along for career opportunities where they here something akin to "just keep working at it and you can achieve X position'. -Feedback from leadership can often be very generic (positive or negative feedback) so it doesn't feel like they actually know what you have contributed during your review -Easy to burn out in most roles within the stores
Too much work, lack of management
Repetitive, Jobs became too simplified, Management doesn't believe in the words they speak.
I do not have any cons to list about the company, per se. I do believe that there are so many pros specifically because the job can be so hard and stressful at times. I had plenty of negative experiences with the job itself (not the company). I often say that no matter how great everything is on paper, the job at Apple Store is still RETAIL. And retail will be retail no matter how much of a "luxury retail" status it may be.  Retail customers in a mall are demanding, difficult, needy, obnoxious, and annoying. They are relentless and have too high of expectations.  But for all the sour apples (hah) you may deal with in a given day, there is always at least one special interaction per shift where you help someone in such a genuine way that they may even give you a hug on their way out the door.  Apple Store can be hard and stressful because it is always so busy and always attracting more customers with each new fancy product release.  If you land a job at Apple Store, you will enjoy it for sure because of the great team you work with and the great company you work for.  You might quit sooner than you expect, though, because the stress of dealing with relentlessly needy retail customers might just send you over the edge.
Pay does not cover cost of living in the area or state. Technicians have a high turn over rate as they do not get paid more for having more responsibility or qualifications
High volume retail, short breaks,
They capped hours off for part time around 30
Awful retail schedule, stores are too busy, dealing with all walks of life, low retention rate, retail store.
I can't really think of any
Things do get crazy before ramp. You have to take work home and attend late night calls for around a month or so before launch.
Nothing. Everything about the company is great. I have nothing as a cons to comment on.
Limited chances for job advancement. The role isn't as prominent as other retail roles.
-hard to move up other than FRS
promotions can seem slow. Managers sometimes have never taken calls.
It's retail so scheduling is crazy, if you are part-time don't expect to have any consistency or predictable scheduling Hard to take off time if too many people have already requested similar days Vague at times and don't have a lot of training on the processes before new products are released Managers don't always show they care about you and favoritism is a huge game. Be a player and you can succeed. They don't really hire outside of referrals unless absolutely necessary If you speak multiple languages, don't expect a pay raise. Moving up doesn't really equate to a raise.
Politics in the workplace Unclear career path  work/life balance unsupported by higher leadership Pay rate growth minimal Leadership develops Kent not consistent
HR and managers are not focused on having good projects for interns.
-there isn't much negative to say
None! I really liked dealing with all the employees I got envolved with.
I didn't have any cons.
Work Life balance is very poor, especially in one of the bigger stores. Its very difficult to plan vacations, time off. The hours are all over the place. Its exhausting to have a constantly changing work schedule. The hourly wages are far too low. These jobs are far from mindless, they require dedication, a ton of product/policy knowledge, and various strong personality traits yet the pay is equal to working at other retailers and far less than the standard "office job".  There is also virtually no upward movement available if you are at Genius/Manager level unless you are very lucky.
Becoming more metrics driven hurts the customer experience.
Discounts are very small, there are a ton of business politics in play at the Apple stores. Most managers have their own agendas and the promotion process couldn't be any further from a meritocracy. Most customers are entitled whiny babies, but some are cool. Very little career opportunities unless you leave the company to go work somewhere else and then come back to a better role. The pay could be way better based on how much cash they have on hand, the pay actually sucks to be honest.
There is a culture of "putting in your dues" that is somewhat brushed over. Many people have been passed over for promotion because they have opted to bring in external people rather than promote within.
Too confining Scheduling is horrible No empathy for illness
The only downsides with my position would be the constant calls. There is rarely a time where there is more than a minute or two between calls. But this does make the day go by very fast.
Instead of being incentivized by commission, you had to meet a certain requirement of AppleCare sales as a Specialist and didn't receive any type of bonus for it, besides keeping your job.
Fast paced, ever changing environment. You should enjoy change.
Managers are not lenient with work/life balance. Some customers are extremely negative and rude. New call every 10 seconds, small amount of time for break.
- Certain roles can be very repetitive at times - Not a set schedule - Have to work weekends - Have to work on some major holidays
Work life balance could be better
Long working hours Stress to be the best
Benefits don't keep pace with others in the valley
AppleCare is NOT an Apple position. On paper, yes. But Apple treats their support employees like slaves compared to retail/corporate.
Change schedules too often (every 3 months)
Long hours, don't walk the talk on work life balance
They shove a ton of information at you at any given time you might be taking over another department with no pay raise
-can be exhausting - starting pay is $15/hr
Having to work parties - I don't like crowds. Sometimes ended up smelling like condiments. Having to wear a uniform (can be good or bad, I just prefer bright colors to the black we wore).
It was ridiculously easy work which is why I can see Apple hiring sheep. I thought I had a lot more to offer in terms of the work my leads gave us but as a contractor I didn't have a lot of room to be hired FT. Hiring to be FT required several years of being there as a contractor (at least in my division) and it was not worth my time to take a chance on that with such low wages, no attending events/beer bashes, and work repetition.
Difficult to move up and grow. Pay isn't what it should be for the amount of money we were bringing in.
Has become a very corporate environment of late. Everything is recorded, analyzed, and then re-analyzed. A bit robotic
Health care and compensation are only average at Apple. It's a retail environment so the "needs of the business" come before any and all other personal scheduling needs.
management has been poor. I have seen store leaders berate employees in front of other staff and there is a huge disconnect from what is done at a Starbucks and what is done at Apple. Technicians are not paid enough, in fact most of the store outside management is not paid enough for the responsibilities that are expected.  The flat nature of the company makes it difficult to advance, and managers will sometimes make up things for you to work on in order to hold people back.  It can be fixed, but they have to promote Apple people from within, hiring outside managers puts a huge gap in knowledge and teamwork (top down management, vs a cohesive team)  I left because I don't have the patience to wait for things to get better.
There is no room for upward advancement. It's difficult to move from employee to management status, and nearly impossible to move into some kind of job in Corporate. Pay does not increase at a rate that is commensurate with experience.
Steve Jobs is gone and a lot went with him in terms of standards and accountability.
Some stores are less supportive of the program than others. If you are at a store where the Store Leader believes in the program and supports you you will learn a lot and have a great experience. If the store leader doesn't support you it is easy to fall into the day to day business of the Apple Store and you won't gain as much from the program.
Opportunity for career growth/Promotion can be hard to accomplish  You work with the best, of the best of the best
There are none that come to mind
Senior leadership completely separated from their employees
- A lot of immature/young fellow employees - Apple customers have unrealistic expectations - Really is 'cult-like' at times - Fail to communicate fixes or answers for 'known technical issues' with their devices - Glass ceiling when it comes to personal development - Management is stretched too thin for amount of employees
Long tedious hours Retail business Low ceiling for promotion
- The longest commute from the Bay Area - Awful company / vendor rapport: vendor employees are treated like second-class citizens and excluded from most Apple employee activities. I once saw an announcement for a once-a-week 30 minute meditation group with the caveat: "Apple employees only." Perhaps Apple thinks this exclusive treatment is motivation for vendors, motivation to work harder and longer and be one of the "chosen ones" hired by Apple. - Poor work / life balance (your kids are not as important as that copy correction you received at six o'clock) - "Big Brother" atmosphere full of employees who love to snitch - Most offices have no windows: confidentiality is more important than your wellbeing - A waterfall process, fickle hierarchy - Boring work, menial tasks - Antiquated tools and processes
Very secretive and protective of the product and any sort of roadmap. Makes it difficult in a sales role.
I do not know downsides of working at Apple.
i think there are no demerits present thereee...
Nothing to worry about the company
Work life balance, management Shows favor
They way they operate: tell exactly what to say, what to do, how to act, from the time in at work until you leave they want full control. This is not a place for dreamer, entrepreneur type, hard working people who want to take their business to level. To make you work harder, they will tell how you are not on par or working at the same level as others - even if you excel in sales numbers. They make you feel very small in order for you to work 100 times harder and better or leave. This company doesn't care about tenture, experience, and other things that company value - they act do want people to leave because they will replace another brain washed mindless idiot who will work ten times harder and get paid way less. This trillion dollar company caps your raise after the 3rd (no raises) and do not offer any bonus nor do a spend one dime for anything employee recognition or holiday. They act like they are about their "souls" but their bottom line is to sell more and more iPhones. Everything they do is what Steve jobs did, that is their God. The people that work here especially higher ups have no loyalty to friends and family, their loyalty is to Apple. If your independent and team player with very high energy to succeed this not a place for you they want people that can clap like a Moran and be brainwashed.
Not being able to go into an office environment can be a bit harsh sometimes. After two years of working there, I've never met a single person face-to-face (except via webcam).
It was hard work at times, especially when there was a lot going on. Make sure it is your top priority at all times. You have to do whatever you can to make your job work.
It's not. A 24 hour center
Now the problem. Management is the worst! Everything I was enjoying about working at the Orlando site was ruined by these corrupt politicians. First of all, being a manager at Apple makes them feel as if they are the best on the planet. This translates into extreme arrogance and failure to listen to anything any engineer says. They are not good managers. They just think so and demand to be treated like they are great. Forget about anyone listening to your ideas and expect to be talked down to all the time. Next, and I think worst, there is such a strong desire by management to retain their jobs, and hopefully advance their careers, at a company name like Apple that they will do anything to make themselves look even greater than they act like they are. So you will always fail to get a manager to listen to your explanation that an idea is bad. Then some story will be created to blame you when that bad idea actually goes bad because managers cannot be held accountable for their mistakes. This was a very corrosive work environment. I realized that instead of a chance to make a real difference, my career would only be one of being ignored, worked to death, and blamed for every bad move a manager made. I was paid well. But not well enough to put up with such undeserved abuse. I voluntarily resigned when I had enough.
condescending upper management and always worrying about the bottom line
No work/life balance Must work almost every weekend. Scheduling is strict and difficult to plan ahead for everyday life Must put in ahead of time if you want any specific special events off and wait to see kid it gets approved. The public perception is that Apple pays well, but Most Apple employees have difficulty living on Apple salary alone. Most have a second job or freelance source of additional income.
You have to hit the ground running, progress or be left behind, meaning don't just do your job, but strive to put yourself on the radar. Your day requires a story and the successful employees are the most talked about storytellers amongst their peers. This is the key to advancement. You have to win over your team or no matter how good you think you are statistically or as a person, it will be hard to be promoted. Achieving work life balance during holiday seasons can be challenging. Increased stress loads are present when stores are understaffed (which is often).
Not all are like this, but my manager rude and not on top of communication.
Most movement within the company is lateral once you make the initial jump.
Retail can be tough some days. Some days are brutal. Customers expect the world because we are apple. I feel they exploit that at times and I wish management would be tougher with our customers. Like they can be with the staff!!
The company takes secrecy very, very seriously. At first this was a problem for me, but everything else about the company outweighed this.
Dealing with customers with attitudes
The downsides include a lot of work, minimal vacation, and makes it extremely hard to plan your life to far in advance. You are also pretty much assured to work a Saturday or Sunday.
Working with novice hardware designers, ridiculous deadlines, some of the leadership doesn't appreciate the skill required to bring up suppliers. Very little family and social life,too much travel, meetings, politics and drama can be emotionally draining. Management has tried to reduce travel and improve work-life balance, it's kind of fake since good employees are still working from home 20+ hours a week is normal (on top of 60+ hours at work).
The business model seems to becoming more and more "traditional," doing away with the values that successfully built up the company in the 2000s.
None per se, just have to learn as an individual to adapt to retail scheduling and a fast-paced work environment and see them as a positive.
the hours are really difficult. our schedule is completely shuffled each week (we are given a warning) but it's really difficult to plan one's life around.
fast paced learn on the fly
growth within the store is difficult at times
Terrible managers. Seeming corruption and theft. Managers and coworkers mean or uncaring towards customers. Not a pleasant working environment.
no room for advancement hard to move up
rigid corporate structure. Disciplinary structure is aimed to fire without discretion.
Career growth can be limited within finance
Long hours and the work didn't end when I got home
Poor management that encourages a false persona. Superficial and almost robotic methods of interaction with clients. Hectic environment.
Management was less friendly, but still good overall
If you are in the field you are as described on you own island from the mothership.
Fast pace, rude customers, missed breaks, under a microscope, quotas, poorly managed. I can say more but I won't. Blah blah
Favoritism is still a think even if you aren't in the store. If you aren't under a manager that cares, you will be stuck in the same role until they switch you teams. Also for the stress that an At-Home advisor goes through, we could be paid a lot more. Work/Life balance is something that's hard to maintain
-Advancement possibilities - but sometimes very difficult to achieve -Can be lonely - working from home is not always for everyone -Work / Life Balance -Whether a person working for Apple Retail or Apple Care the hours can be any time. Sometimes late. You may also work weekends.
None that I know of
The pay is decent, but without additional skills, its difficult to foster any actual growth there without a ton of work. Gotta play in to the game a bit.  The management team was definitely the weakest link, Though to be fair there was some changeover that probably caused confusion.
Super busy during launches and holidays.
day to day customer facing environment can be stressful
Cut out the (minimal) micro-managing. Also, the pay could be a little higher, especially for senior roles (non-executive). Other than that, I am satisfied with my position!
Since you don't have a direct boss above you every day you need to be on your game and make sure you're self motivated to get everything done.
lots on time on your feet
Sometimes I wish I had a little more direction in my projects, but it helped me grow as an individual,
Talented introverted people easily get stuck at the entry level. You are just a number if you do not display extreme attention seeking behavior.
Commute, lack of diversity
The upper management have their head up their butts. They are blind to the hard workers and just love those that use the correct lingo. They don't appreciate nor have loyalty of those that have put in their dues. New policies and "programs" that are not in the best interest of the customer are being pushed hard to create sales.
Contractors usually sit in a different building with minimum facilities, Apple employees are unprofessional about approving overtime hours. No benefits to contractors like company discounts. Contractors never get to interact with business directly.
No Cons awesome company to work for.
There need to be better integrations between products. And better QA.
The management is awful, they don't care about their employees at all. Some managers are really petty, especially when it comes to scheduling. Part-time retail employees are forced to commit to 20 hours a week at minimum, which is hard with a full-time job.
you're working at a big tech company, and there are two cultures, contractors and full-timers. prepare for that.
Job is extremely stressful, and their major metric they go by are surveys from customers. Apple's belief is even if you deliver bad news to the customer, they will still give you a good survey if you delivered it well. This is obviously not always the case, and it will affect your stats. Sometimes you will get a bad survey because of a bad experience the customer gets in a store or from another advisor, but it still counts for your monthly score.
-Leaderships who are more concern about their own advancement, which leads to neglecting the employees. -Get to experience some of the most entitled, spoiled customers you will ever meet in your life.
every part is important so if one person of a developer group doesnt show you have to wait to finish
learn on your own, very hard to talk to people 9 hours a day. They hire management from stores like gap that don't understand technology. They say they give feedback but they real don't very often.
The position itself, especially in this location is ideal for someone who loves tourists. Unlike other locations, it's a very transactional store. Incredibly busy and understaffed. Changes all the time, never consistent with plans. You don't get to connect with people as much. Growth in this store is slow.
No Compensation structure, Work/life balance is not so great ( but thats retail)
It was stressful at times
You work on the phones all day. You work with really stupid customers. You have no control. No room for growth.The schedule really sucks. You can work anywhere from six in the morning to three in the afternoon or three in the afternoon till midnight. Stay away from this job.
No opportunity to work remote. Some fraternization. Some moments of high stress with specific clients. Can't really say anything bad about the company as a whole.
Poor leadership structure, favoritism and too much focus on metric based performance is chipping away at the culture. This is present in AppleCare as a whole and people are fading away or becoming miserable. There is also a zero retaliation clause but it happens all the time if you speak up.
Hard to move vertical and develop career without an advance degree with years and years of experience.
Apple is not a fun company to work for if you want a kick back easy job. Everything is scrutinized down to a low level of detail at some point, because there's a lot of care put into doing things right.
The biggest downside is working alone. If you are a very social person, the only interaction you get with people is through the phone. For me, it was awful. I needed to be with people.
Upward mobility when co-located limited. Meetings do not start on time which makes planning a day a bit more difficult. Lot's of conference rooms but almost always booked up way in advance. The need to always use the latest and greatest keeps some systems from meeting their full potential and causes a scattering of knowledge.
It's very difficult to do good work if the environment is so top-down and secretive.
If you are hired for a particular position it is not easy to move up in the company. Lateral moves happen often.
Lack of flexibility and upward mobility (without a major technical skill), inconsistency between departments, image/reputation tends to outweigh merit
None that come to mind
strict deadlines with lots of responsability
Lots of travel and short staffed
Ever since our realignment / shift and management change, it's become very nepotic and clique-y. Our team is also at half its original capacity, and no headcount is approved. Team members left due to the lack of career growth / development (one of the original selling points of getting the job), and the rest are drowning in work, holding the bag.
simply put, don't work for Apple in Austin, get your job in the Bay area and commute.
Your work schedule, though flexible, is set for anywhere from a 3-6 month period. The pay is excellent but the environment can be very stressful. Management is mostly competent and helpful, but a few bad eggs do make it through. Reaching out above the normal escalation path is frowned upon, so getting to your boss' boss is difficult without them knowing.
Everything is good, if given more Promotion Space.
We have slow work periods that can carry up to 4 months. In that time we do small service jobs and barely reach 30hrs a week during this period.
The hours truly are unpredictable. One week you're opening, the next you're closing. Typically you have set days off (if full time) but that doesn't always mean you will have the days you're supposed to. And it's a good retail job with decent pay (for retail). But moving up is almost impossible and after a while the magic of it all wears off and you get hungry to be more and make more money. At which point management will move up their favorites and keep giving everyone else more things to work on. Everyone I saw promoted in my position was a clear favorite of management, and their promotion had almost nothing to do with them being better than anyone.  An ok experience but clearly things to work on seen by the fact that I left. I don't regret leaving at all- I make more money know, have way more opportunities for growth than Apple ever gave, and feel like I work in a professional position. There's just too much politics and coworkers and managers can be super narrow minded and caddy at times.
They should let 16 year olds have a chance to intern or work in the Back
Retail hours and retail salaries. Not knowing tour schedule more than a couple of weeks in advance makes it difficuly to plan for family needs, and of course having to be available every evening and weekend does not contribute to work/family balance. While salaries are ok for retail, after almost 7 years i have not reached the salary I earned in middle management 13 yrs ago. There also seems to be a glass wall between retail and the rest of the company. With the exception of members of the genius team, I have seem very little chance for advancement beyond the retail division. Especially as a creative, (trainer) the only options seem to be moving into a lead creative role or to retail management, both of which tend to be customer service issue roles, not instructional.
The team culture is terrible. People are often promoted within so managers are long time Apple employees, rather than being the best person for the job.
A little corporate - more casual environment would be nice
could have better benefits and company perks
Depends on each and every individual
Claim it is not a retail store and hold to a "higher standard" but then treat people like disposable retail employees
It can get overwhelming because the volume of products and customers are always high.
- customers could be a bit too much at times - very busy environments
Stressful at times, sometimes feel undervalued, not efficient as could be. Customer situations can get way out of hand and out of scope.
Some of the employees seem very entitled. They are working for an incredible company so their ego is quite high.
Retail hours and shifts in schedules were the hardest part of this job. Be prepared to work hard and fast, and get right up and do it again the next day.
Depending on the team, your life will be hectic once per year. But, overall it's not very hectic.
With a lot of talented and intelligent team members, there can sometimes be ego an competition. corporate initiative seems to be on the rise as opposed to employee needs/retention. terrible availability policy which leads to any employee wanting a career and family to find other work.
Nothing, working there is great!
At the end of the day most Apple employees are providing customer service or technical support which always has it's downsides but is not specific to Apple.
No process set up for new or current duties.
Management plays favorites and it can be hard to advance within the company. It's very corporate and it acts like it. The company can also afford to pay its employees better and listen to them more. It's worth billions of dollars, and is really money hungry.
Not much because it's a passion
Grew very fast and hired managers from other companies to run specific business units. In my experience, they were not accustomed to the Apple environment and started changing it. I would go back in a heartbeat, however, if given the opportunity.
Not a huge work life balance
People around you can be downers. Individuals who are not driven and determined will still move ahead
Liberal political views in the work place, to the point that some will not respond to questions....
There is no set schedule.
Hectic work environment. Retail hours, no weekends off unless requested. Ungrateful customers. Depending on store, it can feel like you work in a circus.
There isn't much room to grow at the retail level. Once you reach the position you're in, you don't really have any options for growth within the company. While it is retail, for the amount of work and revenue generated by the employees at a tech company, you're still underpaid by wages per hour.
Depending on the store it can be loud and crowded.
City is getting harder to live in due to rising costs.
The discrepancy between contract workers and actual Apple workers is HUGE in terms of pay, treatment, benefits, etc. Contractors don't get access to a lot of things, and we aren't even notified of Apple events even if we are allowed to go. There's no way to move up from our current position, people get told of contract extensions literally DAYS before their contract is up, and we are treated like we're disposable and expendable. When you know that there's close to no chance of being hired as a formal employee or moving up, it's extremely discouraging, none of us have any work morale, we feel no sense of loyalty, and creates a generally negative work environment. I accepted this job offer thinking that if I worked hard, I could get somewhere with Apple. That's what I was told by others who now work for Apple that started off as contractors, like me. It breaks my heart to know that that's not the case anymore. A lot of us are feeling that there's nothing to work hard towards.
There is no work/life balance.
Repetitive work becomes extremely boring and lack of opportunities for growth and learning can become stifling for anyone. It was a clock in clock out atmosphere.
it will constantly challenge you
Detail oriented. Too nice. Working hard
They are becoming more and more about the money and less about the employees.
Politics and Toxic culture. Failed iAd product executives ruining the company
Stressful Growth is limited. Sometimes management sucks. Mass exodus
It's retail so the hours suck, making your life/work balance not optimal especially if you have a family. If you work on the sales floor you are constantly bombarded with customers, which can be quite taxing for some. Not a good option if you're looking for a career.
Lack of transparency (something Apple prides itself as being), they will let you work yourself to death, employees come to collect a paycheck while you run circles around them.
I have not encountered any so far
Some people can really get lost in the shuffle. Things change often and it's hard to keep everyone informed. There are periods of high turnover, so it's hard to get new people up to speed. Technology companies can't stand still.
-Only one way communication from the TOP -Too much pressure -Poor Career Growth -Poor Headcount structure
If you are driven, focused, determined, goal-oriented, have high standards, and contribute real solutions to real problems... you will not fit in.  If you're over 30, do not do drugs or drink excessively, do not play Smash Brothers or Pokemon Go, are comfortable with sticking to policies, you're comfortable with delivering bad news to customers, and you get easily annoyed at your borderline teenybopper coworkers... you will not fit in.  You will be told to "smile more".  Your coworkers will call out sick or leave early for being too "lit" from the previous day/night.  Your teammates will create "science projects" because they cannot diagnose or resolve an issue during an appointment and you will have to start from scratch because they have no idea how to document an issue. Ultimately, you'll have to call and explain to a customer that they simply need to reboot their device more often.  Apple Corporate and Apple Retail are two completely different beasts and it really shows. The Apple Store never used to be a retail job but over the past 5 years or so that is now the culture. You will have days where you actually really prefer to help customers than having to listen to your intellectually devoid coworkers who do not adhere to company standards or even common sense. The "training" that is given has really deteriorated and has created too many instances of customers returning with their issues not resolved or new ones created.  Unless you really want to stick in retail this should be a temporary job where you can learn a trade and then move on to something else.
There really isn't anything negative to point out. There are so many more positive things to say than anything negative.
Somewhat to highly stressful. Retail Hours. Somewhat cramped quarters. A lot of ambiguity on the frontline level as far as career opportunities.
Customers can take a lot of energy to deal with. Hence the heavy focus on personal development, Apple has to build you back up after the customers tear you down.
This company is really great to work at
Limited opportunities in retail environment
No communication, they hire too much outside then promoting within causing new managers not to know the correct process or be useful. Very little communication and when you do get it it's a one way street.
The work atmosphere has drastically changed after Steve Jobs died. They really focus on numbers now, i.e. bottom line, whereas before it was very employee oriented which helped raise morale, and in turn, boosted performance. Give the reins of the little guy back to the little guy. Stop being other companies, that's what set you apart, and ahead, of other companies.
Not much work/life balance. Nothing is explicit but with very aggressive deadlines it is necessary.
Working from home more difficult than I realized. I missed working with the company of other associates
Gets over whelming a bit during main events.
work life balance, late night call, 24/7/365 on phone, political, can be stressful if can't cope up with pace
A lot of politics involved and not enough opportunity for people that wanted to grow their careers. Depending on the leadership team you have to read in between the lines in order to really understand what they mean regarding feedback or advice.
retail hours are retail hours
Hard to get work done when the work place is as fun as it is. It's very easy to start procrastinating
When starting, the job will be very micromanaged. Your breaks are pre scheduled, and you are expected to have minimal (less than 10 minutes / day) of unplanned breaks.
It can be challenging to grow with the company, opportunities for advancement are limited.  Work can sometimes be tedious. Apple is not immune to office politics.
The Management was terrible and always talked about numbers but also treated you crappy but it was probably just my location. The pay could of been a little bit better considering how much we busts our arse*
Work life balance is impossible.
Less opportunity to transfer job to other territory.
Schedule is rough. Floors are really rough on the back because they are stone. Need to be able to sit down sometimes when working with customers.
Just because it's Apple doesn't mean that they aren't subject to some of the same downfalls as other companies. For an insanely wealthy company, it amazes me that resources can be so tight.
Did not appreciate few hostile workers that did not fulfill to their roles in work environment. Some of whom were overlooked.
no discipline, no best practices
If working at a flagship apple store, you might face a very high competition. Always saying that " You own your development". It means that you have to be strongly self-motivated and passionate on your job.
retail life just kinda stinks. Working in a mall is a total bummer
The pay is low and hard to move up.
It's retail. The hours can be terrible and often, particularly for people with children, work-life balance suffers tremendously.
After 6 months of working at home, you get stir crazy. With little to distract from your daily routine.. It's very difficult to stay fully engaged. Also, having very little options for shift bids is very restrictive.
Frequent schedule changes that can make home life and personal life challenging, career advancement is difficult due to the large number of employees.
Not enough latitude to help people. Managers frigid and unfeeling at times.
I sometimes think the reputation of Apple has people's expectations at an all time high - which they wouldn't expect from another company. It's a good thing, but also can be reflected on impossible expectations.
None, I really like working here.
Lesser than livable wage in a decent area if not wanting to have roommates. A lot of hours. Little recognition.
No Work/Life Balance, mandatory meetings on days you may have requested as not available, management structure is backwards, Micromanagement comes from the top down.
hard to promote and heavy schedule on holidays
Work load too much, need to travel a lot
Some policies I couldn't agree with
Very little room for growth, you are overworked, overlooked. It is extremely clique based. Those who kiss behinds move forward. They make you feel like you are important only to tear you down. A lot of pressure and almost no reward. Almost feels like a sweat shop.
A few coffe breaks to enjoy the moments.
Long retail hours, holidays and weekends, management does not care, hard to promote within even though they say it's easy to. Do yourself a favor and do not listen to the hype. Between the hiring event and the interviews and the trainings you think you scored a once in a lifetime job, please think again.
- horrible management. Have old style politics where the employees are divided into two categories friendly ally who agrees on every bad decision the management makes or the worst enemy where they will put you under the blame bus for everything bad that happens over there. - dishonest managers lying to the upper management about the work that is going around .Overhired Engineers for the amount of work that is needed. - Very very opaque management where its very difficult to get perspective or a long term idea of where your work fits. Randomly roles might changes without explanation.
Be prepared to have other reliable income. This isn't it.
I had a fantastic time working there, so I have nothing negative to say.
Can be energetically taxing at times.
- horrible management. Have old style politics where the employees are divided into two categories friendly ally who agrees on every bad decision the management makes or the worst enemy where they will put you under the blame bus for everything bad that happens over there. - dishonest managers lying to the upper management about the work that is going around .Overhired Engineers for the amount of work that is needed. - Very very opaque management where its very difficult to get perspective or a long term idea of where your work fits. Randomly roles might changes without explanation.
Beware of the Kool-Aid. It's a very insular environment full of fan boys and girls which can actually stunt your growth in some senses. Any other issues I had could be attributed to the individuals I worked with.  That said, there were several cases within my store where people were promised promotions that never came into fruition. Yet, management would have these individuals performing job tasks of the role they were hoping to attain without ever giving them the raise or promotion. This was done under the ruse of "training" the employee for the coveted role, but training should not go on for years at a time. This did not happen to me personally, but it was an incredibly common occurrence.
micro management difficult customers creep webcam usage for interviews with management
When you work from home you have to put in a move request and you must stay there for at least 6 months.
Good luck with advancement. However there training and will prep you for a better job!
Slow advancement, large turn around
Leadership is inconsistent and lack vision & purpose. There is a grave misuse of talent, which is why there are so many folks who leave the company shortly after a promotion to a higher role. There is little incentive to stay, aside from the few benefits that serve as bate to the creative demographic who know the struggles of being a freelance merchant. There is a high demand of availability for both part-timers and full-timers alike. All in all misguided.
- the people running retail have narrow mindsets - the people running retail business hadn't a clue how to build the business - you must love Apple like a deity in order to advance there, or at least pretend
The big problem at apple is at times navigating the ladder of success, if you happen to fall for the bait of more money and and a chance to prove yourself in a new division. Make sure the managers there are about employee growth and not about self-promotion,because you might end up stuck in a deadend job.
Easy to get lost in the crowd. Need to be the squeaky wheel to develop and improve etc. Also, a very flat company, not really much opportunity to move up or out.
Sometimes complacency and office politics are apparent and create issues with day to day workflow.
Not easy to get a promotion
The constant customer push back can be daunting and sometimes can make you feel like giving up because your intelligence is constantly being tested.
While the commitment to excellence externally is impressive many systems and processes are poorly put together and that creates a challenging environment to implement improvements.
Though Apple has a great vision and overall culture, the retail environment in this store is pretty bad. People don't even say hi to you when you walk into work most of the time. The opportunity to advance is also a bit challenging when you get toward management and they don't necessarily make it easy for you.
some annoying people who gets mad
High paced and Stressful most of the times. working sometimes can get a lot from you as you might get energy depleted. You have to be standing many hours and leading with people, but that's just the main part of the job. So If you don't like high paced environments, this one is not for you.
Working on the Weekends, Strict Availability Requirements, Poor Retail Management.
movement upward is limited to going from Tier 1 to Tier 2. There is a lot of internal hiring for other jobs, and it really depends on what you want. But you can only move up if something becomes available. I have also seen many people more than qualified for a job passed over without even an interview
the pay is low and the hours and not cool.
Middle management heavy in places with limited opportunities for management advancement. Some long time veteran employees with 10+ years experience that don't move around much. In some cases, employee life/work balance falls in favor of work and stress can be high.
-some difficult customers -non-stop calls during peak time
Long hours on your feet, annoying customers!
They push you to get the best possible out of you.
I personally felt that the training was a bit short, and didn't help me too much in the long run. I found it hard to have a good work/life balance as I worked from home and an overnight shift at that. Our training class was separated within 3 months of employment. Most of us went to new teams with terrible managers. My first manager was absolutely amazing, but the second was less than helpful. We went from taking 2 chats (which we barely got 1 to start with) to taking 3 simultaneous chats back-to-back. I was too stressed out and did not feel confident enough in my troubleshooting and technical support skills to stay with the company, so I eventually resigned. It's a great job, but I honestly just think it wasn't for me.
Training was very fast paced. It was hard to keep up if ou weren't familiar with Apple projects. I didn't like the trainig at all. No practice site that we could practive on before taking live calls
There is not a significant opportunity for professional growth, working retail.
Retail hours Make Work/Life balance difficult
Management had little to no GIS knowledge and experience, lacked motivational leadership, and gave the impression that they did not care about the team. No plan was in place other than the eventual outsourcing of our team, contractors were lied to about permanent positions, blame was constantly thrown around regarding avoidable problems, and people were fired without cause. Morale was very low on my team. Very high turnover rate.
For the job that it is, its a pleasure to work for and there really are no negatives. If they paid more it would be perfect, but for what I do the pay is really good
the environment/customers can be hectic
it's retail upward mobility is close to impossible lots of politics/games being played because 'management' is a bunch of young inexperienced kids, the reality of the day to day job is inconsistent, uninspiring, and hypocritical
Politics, lack of leadership, no direction
Leadership was hardly ever in the office yet made decisions with little to no input from those actually doing the work.
A lot of the call center jobs pay in the $40K range. There is a lot of focus they have on numbers, a lot of the times the numbers cannot be controlled by the work you do. It seems harder to move up as managers have been in the same departments for years and everyone including management seems to feel stuck.
There's a sense that you're lucky to work for Apple, so you should be willing to put up with a lot of downsides, like long hours, weekend work, and long commutes.
Long hours on your feet.
Politics. Customer service is the pits. Can be ergonomically unkind to one's body what with the standing and stupidly high tables. Nowhere to sit.
Assisting consumers from international parts of the world, hard to understand the situation at hand due to terminology used.
NO more innovation, kinda boring now.
There are no cons I am always on time!But I only work 5 days a week
The demands of each store and the how they can be very political and different. Depending on the store manager at the time it could be very fishy.
I'm not sure if this is specific to my store but there was little opportunity for growth and development unless you kissed the management teams butt. You couldn't even transfer to another store without their endorsement. The hours were very few so it didn't matter that the hourly pay decent. If you are part time, there is no way you will survive off of just this pay.
Retail hours are sporadic and make work life balance difficult
- Retail hours aren't always the best. especially holidays - Transitioning from retail to corporate is very difficult
Sometimes the work hours were a way to long.
Retail hours and scheduling errors can be tiring, and things are always up in the air. Apple embraces change, which is good, but there are a lot of things that slip through the cracks. Reviews, off the floor training/development time, and manager face time were sparse, meaning you had to nag a manager to stand out. Merit increases were measured against very high standards, which means sub-par raises unless you advance, which is difficult to do beyond Expert or Genius (upper tier retail sales/support respectively). You were expected to put in extra time or out of role experiences to stand out, but then discouraged from working overtime or off the clock. Advancement into management was typically very political, and personality was often chosen over skill for leadership.
A lot of people competing to be seen, can be difficult to stay within your support area and ensure that the person you're helping understands you don't know how to solve every issue.
You can get sucked up in the culture of the company. It's call dinging the blue kool aid. Because the company has such a specific way of doing everyone and protecting their image it can get to be a little much sometimes, but over all if you are level headed it won't get to you too much.
No work-life balance for the first year or more. Bad Schedules that changes every 3 month No too bad things to say! Great company
Salary low , high standards , tons of aggregated customers always , lay offs frequently , not that much vacation
Company has shifted its focus away from employees and customer to sales. Work life balance is nonexistent and compensation, especially from a company making billions is a joke. Managers and higher make a lot, but regular employees that actual do the work and bring in the money make pennies.
Work/life balance does not exist
no work life balance, work most holidays
Felt like I had to push apple care on people.
Classroom training is long before you actually get to the work part of the job. If you have a lot of tech background the classroom portion will drag on.
Some politics from what I've heard, but as an engineer, I've always felt insulated from it. Not nearly as bad as I've heard from other companies.
- Work environment can be stressful depending on who's the leader (but I guess any company is like that), - Senior management at Retail locations needs more consistency.
Well there are a lot of employees. So it is very easy to be lost in the shuffle if you are good at your job and don't require coaching.
It is very busy so it can be mentally draining.
working from home loses the personal and social aspects you can get lost in the mix a slave to survey results regardless of accuracy
Can feel very corporate very quickly. Sometimes Management didn't stay up to date with my development.
Sometimes management isn't the best
Ambiguous direction if often difficult to interpret in a constantly changing environment.
Its hard to feel appreciated because of how many of us there are
Working holidays, shift bids, not enough ppl on thw phones for calls
Sometimes things don't move as fast as you expect, but eventually everything gets to where it needs to be. Also, sometimes you put ins ome long days, but the salary and benefits are top top top notch.
Never going to get rich.
Its hard to feel appreciated because of how many of us there are
lack of team collaboration, contractors being alienated on meetings etc..
The work life balance is not very good. They need to fix some of those issues.
In my experience with working in multiple stores within the years, I have notice a great deal of inconsistency of daily practices and lack/overabundance of the culture. It is a tricky balancing act and it ultimately boils down to the store leader, they can make or brake your experience and viewpoint of the company as a whole.
Salary is little low for stressful jobs. Which is why lot of co-workers leaving apple for other jobs with better salary..... It is sad to see them leaving. :(
Don't feel supported from leadership to grow into new roles in the company. Can feel oddly structured with different roles being disconnected from everyone else in the store and politics behind the scenes slows down communication between entry level positions and management.
Dealing with nasty customers that don't understand you're trying help them.
Some of the managers are directly hired from contractor jobs.they usually do not have etiquettes and expect contractors to work day and night even on weekends. These managers treat other contractors as their servant and usually lack people management and communication manners.
There would be no cons except that recently they changed the availability restrictions to "balance work/life". But unfortunalty if you have a a family and want to see your partner and/or kids in the weekends, you can kiss that goodbye. You HAVE to work weekends. But, oh well.
hard to get FT status, management mostly hired outside of company, all hands on deck for iphone releases (regardless of your personal schedule)
Cons for working for Apple is that friends and family will constantly ask you what you know about the latest upcoming products.
The company demands a lot of time from it's employees and it's a large company so it is very easy to go unnoticed for your contributions, especially as a new employee or lower-level employee. Teams can be large and somewhat overwhelming for newer employees. It is also very difficult to move up "the ladder" as competition for jobs is incredibly strong.
Had having a work life balance
Not too much to complain, but always be on your a-game
Management is always forcing you to work fast. Lots of pressure. Company culture is poor. No communication
Very large company that newer employees may find overwhelming in trying to find their voice. Stick it out though, it is worth it.
Need to know your brand before you start, and make nice with everyone. This is not a job for those who hate politics, want to punch in and punch out, or just "want to work" If you want to be recognized you need to go above and beyond consistently.
Pay wasn't too hreat. Not much room for advancement.
I didn't have anything bad to say about this company.
Very large company that newer employees may find overwhelming in trying to find their voice. Stick it out though, it is worth it.
Need to know your brand before you start, and make nice with everyone. This is not a job for those who hate politics, want to punch in and punch out, or just "want to work" If you want to be recognized you need to go above and beyond consistently.
Pay wasn't too hreat. Not much room for advancement.
Long hours standing up, odd shifts. One day you can work from 1-10 the next can be from 9-6am. Must be able to work well with many people.
Schedules change and you may not get the one you want. Overtime required during product launches and busy times. You will need to be prepared to work on and around holidays. Pay not as high as some other companies for comparable work, but is offset by the great benefits.
Retail hours, disconnected management. Working at an Apple Retail Store feels like being a grunt on the front lines, there only to absorb the massive waves of customers who walk in the doors every day. Your soul gets crushed by a constant string of demanding customers with unreasonable expectations and asinine questions.
Part of the magic of working for apple is that things change constantly. That can be good or bad depending on your views. In the past year I’ve worked here I’ve noticed that things have changed for the worse as far as the workers side goes.  Management is so uncoordinated. You have these sections in your schedule that are for not taking calls and learning about the products you support. This is a great idea, you should be aware of how everything works. However, they keep cancelling these segments and expecting us to support products they won’t send us to get hands on experience, without training, and without even a 1 hour team meeting to go over some stuff as well.  Also, you’d think if apple can build stuff that works well for customers then they could build software for the employees to support our customers well as well. NOPE, the software we use goes down at least once a week and is so bad. We have so many technical difficulties that I truly didn't expect when I started working here.  Getting a good schedule is rare. It depends if you are in the college position where you can choose your schedule, or in the professional position (same exact job, just with a raise and only once you graduate), and it is usually based on performance. Which isn't necessarily bad, but I think employees should have more control over their schedules than what is currently given.
Only con was that I did the work from home program so I was cooped up inside all day.
Feel very corporate sometimes, with senior managers were more involved with staff.
Employees have bad attitudes and bring negative energy inside the building.
insane corporate oversight drink the coolaid culture
No structure. Very disorganized. Poor leadership. Employee theft is high / out in the open.
hmmm, retai hours take a bit of an adjustment
None that come to mind
- It can be demanding and its not for people expecting a 9-5 job. Can get worn out. - Also the culture has changed slightly, become relaxed. - Not all people around you are smart, there are some free riders. Sometimes you do need them to do mundane things.
Retail is very difficult and customers can be mean. The schedule forces you to work weekends and it can be tough to get time off during holidays
The only real issue is the lack of mobility in the company. There are many opportunities for you to experience work outside of your current position but as far as actually gaining that position, the process is slim.
Hours can be long, processes can be manual - which may sound weird for Apple, upper mobility is difficult for high level individual contributors. You have to negotiate well when you come in b/c they don't just toss bones for hard work.
Some people act like they are much better then everyone else. This has occur even where people below me act as superior.
Your schedule if based on performance. If your customer evaluations are good, you can pick your own schedule. If they're bad, you get the crappy schedule, usually 2nd shift.
Working in the Apple Stores means that you work typical retail hours and weekends, however the tradeoff for the skills that you take away is worth it.
It really depends on your VP and boss. It feels like a butterfly effect with the higher ups flapping their wings and causing tsunami's for the poor engineers at the bottom. Schedule and priorities don't stop changing with endless pressure to work late nights and weekends. The culture of secrecy also makes it hard as you're expected to just do things with no explanation. It's only exacerbated by the inability to hire more people. Apple is the best place to end your engineer career, you will either die in the company or move to a completely different field from the burn out.
The lab is managed by iTunes Store Globalization director. This lab has a reputation of treating onsite vendors unethically. You are nothing to Apple employee team. The lab wants you to realize that you are not an Apple employee nor contractor. You are just a vendor.  The lab hired someone from a restaurant to manage the lab. The lab has many demeaning rules including the prohibition of walking too close to Globalization director’s office inside or outside the building.  Below are some of their rules:  - The lab protects Apple employee team. Even though you are right and they are wrong, You are nothing to the lab - you will be terminated the next day. - Cell phones are not allowed inside or outside the lab. If you want to make a phone call or text, walk away to other buildings. - Paid by the hour and hours change all the time, unstable income. - No Perks at all. - No Bus service and no mileage reimbursement. - You are allowed to take a 15 min break to do whatever you want, but you can't have breakfast because it gives the lab staff a bad impression that you are hired to work but not have a little breakfast in your own free time. - You have to come to work on time but you can’t wait or hang around outside the building. You have to wait in your car waiting for the Lab door to open. It is terrible for a pregnant tester like me. Sometimes, I have to wait in a hot car. - The lab threatens if you loose your badge, you will get terminated. - Can’t pick up any complimentary fruits or drinks in the refrigerator. They would rather see those fruits spoil than share with you because you are not an Apple employee. - Your work screen is monitored and viewed by lab staffs all the time. The lab uses this fact as a means of intimidating and taunting vendor staff. - You can’t even post “onsite at Apple inc” on Linkedin or any other websites. You don't deserve the credit for working for this lab.
the work schedules make it difficult to have a life or pursue other endeavors
Never get out of the house
beginning to change into actual retail. too many metrics now.
Way too much kool-aid Way too much Steve Jobs wannabes in the middle management
Apple is a great place to work, however, the politics sometimes make it difficult to get things done. The confidentiality also sometimes gets in the way of people able to speak about what you're working on.
Oh heck - people are people and sometimes it's a bad day... Happens any/every where
It was pretty much like being on house arrest. Although you work from home, you still have to punch a clock. Breaks and lunches are scheduled, and if you don't take them when they're scheduled it messes up your productivity, metrics, etc. Then you are written up. None of the managers I had were knowledgeable about the products or services when I had a question. Was almost always directed to refer to Knowledge Base, because they could never help me or told to ask my peers in the team chatroom. Was made to feel like I am a bad person because I did not want to work overtime during holiday or product launch time. STD is a joke!!! Although the employee handbook outlines what can be taken, they pick and choose who and what they will approve. And heaven forbid you quit, they blackball you, and you're never allowed to work there again, even if you quit for personal family reasons. The customer's determine whether you can grow with the company or not, based upon surveys. Even if its clear the customer was unhappy about something you had no control over, if you took the call, you were responsible.
Lots of backstabbing and blaming
Bad hours and rude customers
Some less than amazing customers. Treat "dealing with ambiguity" as an excuse for needless secrecy. Dangle promotions but at least 50% of high promo tables are external.
none none none none none
Tends to be political if you want to move up.
I honestly can't name any cons to working for this company. All I would say is that you have to be flexible and throw yourself into uncomfortable situations so you can learn from experience.
It is retail hours and deal with a lot ambiguity.
BUSY when it comes to product release including iOS releases, but OVERTIME pay is amazing.
Little to no opportunities to advance in the company at the retail store level. A higher position is available in each department but thats it. Full- time is considered to be a promotion.
- Too many politics - Bad work environment - Very bad management - Unethical behavior - Zero work/life balance
Work/life balance can be lacking.
Being an at-home job, you feel closed off and you can burn out really quickly, especially if you're working 40 hours a week during the summer. The calls never seem to stop coming in and things can get pretty crazy. You're graded on metrics and are expected to improve week after week, but sometimes things are out of your control.
management decision change happens very frequency
need time to figure out what you should do
Long commute if you live in San Francisco.
Can meet a bunch of energetic and talanted people
Work/life balance, if that's something that you value. Lots of weekends and late nights, might be hard for some.
Benefits are mildly expensive. It's not easy, the learning curve isn't horrible but it's sure not easy, even if you have worked at a store.
Limited opportunities for growth and development.
Promotions are extremely political, some employees are immature and cliquey. Feedback is often not taken well by management even when they stress the open feedback-centric culture.
-You're required to work 3 4-hour shifts during the week, and one 8 hour shift during the weekend. You get to pick when you want to work the weekday shifts (2 of them have to start at 3PM or later PST, the 3rd can be anytime that they're open for calls), but the weekend shift is assigned. -They are crazy about your call metrics, you have a meeting with your manager every other week to talk about your performance and they record all of your calls and one of them usually gets played back during your meetings and the two of you have to talk about it. -Pay is better than some jobs, but overall you never feel like you're getting paid enough for what you have to put up with. -Rude customers
Management will essentially, grind you until you want to quit. The benefits don't really outweigh the cons. You'll be asked to do things outside of your pay limit due to under staffing. Getting promoted is pretty much impossible if you don't play the political game at work.
Customers can be tough to handle and I think that's why Apple pays so well.
Vacations are rarely approved by management Long hours Always stressful Entire team looks depressed all the time I personally don't like the company's culture
So sales driven they forget about employee needs at times. & Even if you have great numbers and customer feedback, management has no problems over looking your for positions they are very aware that you have been striving for if it someone they have a more personal connection with. They often showed constant recognition to the same employees in the store despite the hard work of others, which can be a let down if you're that type of individual on the job. Your hours can decrease drastically at any time without being notified.
Stressful, work life balance needs to be worked on, based on business needs.
Its a retail job so expect to work nights and weekends and expect to have a schedule that isn't fixed.
not sure at the moment
High expectations when it comes to metrics You change teams and managers frequently Lose out on 'office feeling' since you interact with your peers remotely Mandatory to work over weekend
Even though Apple pays better than most retail, most employees still feel we are underpaid for the excellent customer service and great lengths we go to, to fix people's devices among other things.
Managers often pick favorites within the retail stores which breeds an environment of perceived nepotism. Some are held to the letter with Apple policy for advancement because they aren't personal friends of management. The time and attendance policy has bordered on illegal or at the very least completely tone death and inconsiderate in many states and stores over the course of Apple Retail since the opening of Tyson's Corner and Glendale.  The schedule for Specialist, Genius, Manager, Assistant Manager, Family Room Specialist (or whatever it's called now) is completely erratic in most locations unless you're tenured at a location meaning, your schedule is different every single day. People aren't allowed to plan their lives around work because nobody has a consistent schedule. I know Apple thrives on periods of heightened sales and being flexible to respond to demand and customer behavior (e.g. launches) but the employees in retail certainly don't feel the success of working with such increased effort. Certainly doesn't feel like it trickles down as much as it should, but hey, this is Apple retail. Lower your expectations.  Unhealthy snacks provided and catering provided during launches - really tone death. Store Leaders often augment the pot of free stuff during launches with a trip to Costco.  You work a lot harder in certain times of the year and you're not compensated for that. Sometimes Apple really fudges a product up and customers will take out their frustrations on you in the Retail store. Overtime laws in some states make overtime discouraged and not worth your time because of the increased taxes.  These really aren't complaints, but just a reality of how retailers are expected to operate and how Apple fares with their own spin.  Customers will deride you for the lack of product availability during launches, lack of visibility to stock levels, and for the constant lack of appointments / difficult nature in making an appointment for service at the Genius Bar (which is always under improvement, but never quite good enough from the perspective of a customer).  You will use internal Apple systems that seem to always be in beta, especially at the Genius Bar.  Internal devices will often be generations behind due to a budget / depreciation cycle.  Few women on the Genius and technical support teams, but that was changing slowly as I was an employee.
There has been high manager turnover, and the company has become more numbers and results focused lately.
Tough to get promotions and move up. Back to back phone calls.
no cons as of now, some times work will be hectic but you will enjoy it with a cooperative team work.
- At the end of the day, you are a retail employee with the responsibility of a technician. That combination works great for some people, but I found it unfulfilling. - In my experience, management went largely unchecked and corporate policies were used as ammunition rather than compliance guidelines. - Employees get yelled at a lot by customers, regardless of who (s)he is or what (s)he says. Ask any former or current employee: the stakes are high for Apple customers and being yelled at regularly simply comes with the territory. In defense of this, however, Apple has great training for conflict resolution.
stressful on work / life balance. Very little growth opportunities in management unless you jump to Inc which does not know what you do in retail division
Management is fake Customers are stuck up as hell Coworkers trying to move up are wolves in sheeps clothing
The company is going downhill for the past 2 years. There is no new innovation and it seems all redundant. The managers stop caring for the employees and are only there to collect a paycheck. Also, depending on what market you work in, you never really see your store leader to voice your concerns. I want my old Apple back.
Advancement/role changes are completely dependent on arbitrary and qualitative reviews. Bullying is rewarded and employees are cliquey.
Hard to move up in the company since there are so many great people that you are going up against. Not many stores so it's hard to find open positions.
Each retail location is unique making it difficult to say that my experiences can definitely be echoed by others. I have worked in other retail locations where the employees seem to have different experiences than I have. A lot of the results of the store come down to how involved the management team is and how they work as a team. If you have a non-cohesive leadership team, your job will not be as fun.
Hiring managers from outside. Treat you like scum. Very much a retail experience not much different working at a clothing store. Except there, they don't have a superiority complex.
Poor leadership Inequitable pay Low autonomy  The worst part by far is the inflexible scheduling, infrequent breaks, and strict enforcement of rules and corporate agendas. There is very little freedom and autonomy at the retail store. What you would expect in some ways, but reveals the artifice of apple in others.
Limited growth, part timers can get stuck with no opportunities.
It's retail and there are many unreasonable customers with ridiculous expectations. Apple works too hard to make those type of people happy.
I worked in a retail store so the hours kind of suck. I also don't like that you're scheduled a 9 hour day because you're required to take an hour unpaid lunch. So that's a bummer.
High job competition and low application accepting rate
No income coming in to support myself
Tech support is a bit tricky. It can be a stressful job. If you enjoy troubleshooting and problem solving on an advanced level, than this may be the job for you.
very good company and good to learn and everybody should work
very good company and good to learn and everybody should work
Often feel used to do management duties without a jump in pay. Many programs to make you feel like you're learning for advancement, but it's actually cheap labor with no upward movement.
It can get crazy busy at times, and can be difficult to take time off even if you have days off.
No cons of note to share
Not a fun culture like other big tech giants (Google, Facebook, Linkedin). No free food. Campuses are far from each other so traveling to and from meetings becomes a pain. Very hierarchical. Hard to move up or even change roles
Rarely had time off from work. Vacation time does not come easy. Job can be very draining.
No cons for me ha
Not specified at this point
Management can be over bearing, advancement is difficult but worth the work. Take advantage of PD time.
-If you aren't prepared to take back-to-back calls for 8 hours a day this job isn't for you. -Policy is enforced when policy is convenient for the manager (only had one manager, so this may differ) -Call volume is way too high. At the time of this review, Apple closed a good number of third-party call centers which in turn raised our call volume tremendously -They'll tell you that you have to work in that position for a year, but thats just because the managers are trying to protect their retention rate. Don't believe it.
High amount of churn, especially in Operations due to the stressful nature of the job. Really long hours (60-70/week), with limited career growth opportunities (few managers and very hard to get promoted and manage a team). Groups also operate in silos and there is very little transparency, due to the secretive culture at the company.
No consistency on certain policies & issues is probably the biggest thing since its usually the reason that there are problems in the first place.
Little room for growth within the company. Management is slow moving to implement promotions despite their enthusiasm and encouragement.
too often business trips to Asia
Working from home. It's great at first but the line gets blurred between work and play. Constant reorganization of company leads to more and more responsibilities leading to overworked employees.
High stress, high traffic work environment where every moment of the day is planned out and there is very little room for downtime or personal development.
Fast pace isn't for everyone
Not much opportunity to advance in certain areas of the business
pay could have been better
Many of the values could be more consistent between stores, stronger sense of vision per store and more opportunities for advancement. The cons are not bad because they do help you develop within the opportunities that are presented to you in your role.
Was moved to a location upon promotion that was not conducive for positive work/life balance.
Micro-management, conventional tools and boring staff
Scheduling Issues, Micromanaging, & Always a problem requesting time off
The corporate sales team does not appear to rate highly with senior management, I think Apple decided to off load all sales function to retail. Thing is I can't see asking the President of a large university to go shopping at a retail outlet for his multi-million dollar purchase.
If you are not working on the mothership, it is hard to network with other employees across the different divisions.
-Calls are high stress and as a senior advisor you have to keep ownership of the case and maintain contact with customer until issue is resolved, even if that takes several weeks or months -Lack of training for new employees adds a lot of work kid to tenured employees
Nothing at all. Everything is the way it should be. I couldn't imagine how anyone would say otherwise.
After 6 months of being on the job, leadership had a wonderful idea to raise our chat concurrency to 3 at a time. It's impossible to efficiently provide exceptional service while chatting with three differ by customer, about three different issues at the same time.
Very stressful and demanding. No matter how well you perform you are always expected to do better. For a major technology company the methods of communication are very disheartening.
Angry customers Constantly having to change departments
Structure and change in people happens a lot. Dealing with ambiguity.
Everyone you know will want something from you Repetitive work, stressful products launches, intense holiday schedules
To be honest, there weren't really many downsides. I'm a huge fan of the company and the level of support that they are allowed to provide to their customers.
Training is not conducive to those who have no exposure to iOS or OS . Schedule can be gruelling and not family friendly.
AppleCare at home advisor did not pay enough at 11.00/hr.
Due to how many people we waited on, pay was really over than what we deserved. Too many less discounts. Weekends was terrible.
Retail hours. Stressful environment at times at the Genius Bar.
the hours and managers are sometimes the worst part. what they expect in the amount of time provided is sometimes seemingly impossible
I don't have any cons to share about the company.
Incredibly hard to advance within the company, especially if you want to work at corporate.
Strict metrics, goes are always changing, and hard to promote
not the best management at my store, but it became much better within a year after my departure!
long hours, even part time nearly 40 hours a week, which is horrible for some in school
Can be a lot of hours for part time work
Has no concern for your personal life, I've been there over 5 years working both full time and part time. The first year I worked there no one left now theres 2-3 people leave a month ... and the reason is no concern for your personal life.... Apple owns you Apple retail has lost its "Apple Culture" Steve Jobs would turn over in his grave. Apple has become a Specialized Best Buy.. ... Its so so disappointing. No loyalty .. If you don'tgive your life to Apple your gone.. they will just replace you
You have to drink the JUICE! You will be brainwashed. If you can't drink the Apple juice, this isn't the place for you.  Apple doesn't pay well in far as actually salaries considering how much value their apple store workers bring to the table. They are first in line to market and create customer experiences about every new product Apple releases. It's not easy to work here, you need to know about MANY aspects of technology and about every phone carrier. You have to know everything about every phone carrier where as someone at AT&T only has to know about AT&T.  For example, I did near $500k in sales my first and didn't see a dime of that in commission. Just worked for the same low hourly wage.  Last, the work schedules suck because they are never consistent.
There are no cons that stand out.
Women paid substantially less than men with less experience. Guy on my team still in school maDE $5 an hour more, even though I was his supervisor
hard to grow internally/find opportunities to grow into other roles
Can be a bit of a rat race to get a promotion. Favoritism via schmoozing exists.
I can not think of anything. This is a dream come true job.
Management drives all decisions, very little individual automomy
very difficult to have a work life balance with the demands of the travel. it increased over the years. Burn out rate is high, the politics get in the way of productivity. Very male dominant with a definite glass ceiling for women.
Fast paced, and sometimes you can experience communication breakdowns with coworkers
Over the years, I have found the company to become less and less creative than when I first started. Depending on your store, the customers can be extremely trying with their ignorance of basic technology functions like adjusting volume, and the Apple culture can be a bit much at times.
Politics for promotions, etc. is expected, but for a retail job, this is a little ridiculous. People literally get promoted for sleeping with managers. If you think that Apple owners can be snobby, try Apple employees. There's a huge disconnect between corporate and store. The company does not care about employees, they are ID numbers. There is very little opportunity for promotion, unless you're willing to play dirty politics, and there is absolutely no opportunity for promotion to corporate, although they constantly talk about how there is. This is not the same company of stores that Steve Jobs and Ron Johnson made, now it's all about the money, never about the customer.
Some times the customers can be rude
- Ambiguity, ambiguity everywhere. It's part of the job. get used to it. - Internal competition for new job openings and/or promotions. You think you are real smart and successful? Well, guess what, so are all the other candidates that applied internally. - Work / Life balance can be a struggle. Sometimes, there's just lots of work. It comes in waves throughout the year.
Low pay, long hours, not the greatest work life balance, rude and frustrating customers, sometimes micromanaging managers.
Customer service at its finest. A lot of rude customers and retail hours.
Seems difficult to move up fast in the company
Promotion opportunists are difficult to get Forced into rotations for positions not desired Staff stretched thin causing undo stress on employees outsourced employees not properly trained schedules available to employees are not family friendly
-managerial staff very demanding and they do it all for bonuses. -very nit picky on stats when on the phone even if you perform well and give amazing customer service.
Unclear Expectations: No clear path to promotions.  Limited Employee development: Little clear, specific coaching on areas that need improvement.  Out of Touch Upper Management: -Having the tools to accurately predict and staff for nights and weekends, but consistently not having enough people to address the increased volume of a Service Business that everyone knows has an influx of customers at night and on weekends. -Not using those tools to accurately predict need on holidays. For at least 4 years, we spent most of your time not taking calls on Christmas when other places of business would realize that the volume trend is low enough to let employees stay at home with their families. -Making decisions to not hire staff to cover the increased workload of major product changes that would foreseeably increase call volume. -Constantly Asking for Overtime on Nights and Weekends to make up the differences described above due to a lack of a desire to hire needed staff.  -Low Managerial Autonomy.  Unavailable Administrative and Managerial Assistance: Administrative aspects (Managers, payroll, HR, Scheduling, etc.) of a Service Business with the heaviest workloads increasing at nights and on weekends are administered on a M - F 8 - 5 Schedule.
You never stop. Constantly being asked to adhere to job duties. (Not really a con but worthy to mention)
Apple does business with SuiteAmerica, which is their Destination Services partner. The owner Jim Masten is a misogynistic bully. I am surprised Apple does business with this company.
As a contractor their security rules were prohibitive to the point of being unable to review the bugs on the project I was assigned to.
- Not flexible when you want to take the weekend off
None not applicable, None to report
None that come to mind
focus on your job and the customer experience - it can create an environment of perceived behaviors, verbal or nonverbal-
At its core, this is still retail and the hours can be brutal when you have a young family or other obligations outside the store. Also, there is very little chance of moving from retail to corporate if you're looking for new challenges.
Far from where I live. Most coworkers are awesome to work with, but a select few are full of themselves.
highly demanding, fast paced retail. No one is busier than an Apple Retail store
For Edu: Relied too much on the hardware and have not moved to the cloud which is a huge mistake. Google recognized this years ago and has slowly been spreading their solution which has promoted low cost hardware that allows teachers and students to do some basic transformation in the classroom. Apple is perceived as expensive.
Long hours at times, mostly cyclical though.
As you would expect, dealing with difficult customers from time to time. A lot of strong talent in one place. May be a little more challenging to move up quickly.
Hard to move from customer service side to business side.
Way too many interviews for a $10 an hour job. I went through 5 interviews starting with a big group all the way down to a district manager-type one on one. That whole process took almost 2 weeks.
Pay could be better for work done.
- Quantity of work is very high (relatively) and on an average (my guess in two years experience ) people work 60 hrs a week. - No standard policy for bonus and stock options in annual appraisals and very subjective to manager perception.
a lot of secrecy and not enough exposure
The program is very particular about the campus representative protocols.
Working partial and/or full weekends.
Because it is all about the people, it can become a difficult workplace when you do not connect with your supervisor. It is often hard to work around this, as your relationships are more important than the work that you do.
Sometimes it was hard to cover call outs like most retail jobs especially working as a technician at the Genius Bar. Each technician is assigned a number of customers they see each day so if someone calls out, the assigned customers will need to be picked up by the rest of the team.
Not much room for development if you are a part time employee. Very fast paced work environment, which is not ideal for some people.
Politics. Promotions/advancement often times seems to go to people who speak to things, not those that do them. It's retail, so the hours aren't great.
The full-time staff are disorganized and their priorities are extremely skewed. Getting more visitors to a museum only works if the museum is properly staffed and capable.
No negative aspects come to mind
No negative aspects come to mind
high visibility and often demanding
No flexibility, long hours, retail, micro managing, customers, technical support, holiday season, holiday hours, holiday rush, weekend work, lack of positions.
The company will always come first and if they need you to meet demand, then they will not let you take time off that you need. Other than that, great place to work!
Flexible working hours can mean to extend pass midnight several nights a week for several months during pre-ramp, ramp.
Difficult to attain full-time status no employee discount for iphones (only for macs & ipads...)
Not enough room to grow
Sometimes you are surrounded by people who don't want to work as hard as others, and because there are so many employees in the store, it could at times be discouraging. Don't give in to complacency and push to be better, OR just enjoy working at the store.
Crazy deadlines and unrealistic expectations, over-reliance on contractors, sink-or-swim culture.
there not the best with people as far as staff
The younger people tend to be lazy and complain a lot. Dealing with the general public can be exhausting.
It's still a retail job, so customers can sometimes be really irate, and management sometimes pushes goals a little too hard.
If you do not actively pursue advancement and perform well in your current role no action will be taken to move you higher. This is to be expected but can leave an individual feeling bored.
No room to move upwards.
Ability to advance in the Retail Store is limited.
Definitely defines a lot of your life as a leader but it's worth it.
-Work life balance will be awful and always changing (have fun trying to book vacation) -Time off rarely ever gets approved (not surprising, it's retail) -Oh yea, it's retail -Zero opportunity to bonus or make commission if you're in sales or sell things in the technical realm... -WAY under-compensated...the pay scale is awful in comparison to other companies with similar roles in technical world -Management doesn't care about you or your ideas -No time to train, you have to do it on your own personal time -One more fish in the sea, you are -Good luck moving up...it's if you'd like to Cupertino or manage a sales floor in retail
- retail, so basically no weekends and very unstable hours - hard to grow, managers hired from outside, hard to get any kind of guidance, - low and ambiguous raises
Management claims to be employee focused but sometimes is not considerate of life events.
Most have great time management skills or you'll work 60 hour weeks. A lot to get done, not a large amount of time.
nothing bad just do your job and you will be fine, don't call off or be tardy
Every Store is Unique. Very fast paced.
Working from home is very difficult.
Long hours, unhealthy work culture, poor diversity on engineering teams. If you're joining as a junior level engineer, be expected to do a lot of grunt work for a long time. Or to be stuck on a very myopic assignment. Lots of material testing and data processing. Not very much product design unless you can the trust of more senior engineers.
Cultlike corporate culture. Questionable management
Lots of slide decks, too many meetings to prep for other meetings, no work/life balance, frequent conference calls in the evenings
The Per hour is competitive
Long hours. Difficulty keeping work life balance, which may be a personal issue. Advancement is difficult depending on local management.
You cannot be shy if you want to do well, much of the success here is based on your initiative and people skills. Being fast-paced is a double-edged sword, there is very little hand-holding
There is ongoing training and reinforcement around this, and when team dynamics are out of kilter, management will rally around the team. Despite everyone having equity in the company and boasting the "people first" motto, many middle-management leaders/directors posses and exhibit some serious egos. Rather than being collaborative, they have a tendency to shut down ideas, speak dismissively.
No free lunch is not ideal
Work/life balance is not respected, HR is over-involved in everything, difficult to find info that employees need (have to dig through layers of websites), management is very scripted and does not say what they mean, management picks favorites and does not reward those who really do the work, management becomes friends outside of work with employees. Management will block you from advancement into other positions if they think it will cause them any extra work if you leave.
Managers are very strict and nosy Timings and scheduling is terrible Often a highly stressful job as store isnt managed well
There is alot of stress
Naturally, with a big team, it can lead to inconsistency around communication and development. There are some moments when Leaders are micromanaging.
Depends on the store you work at, the culture of Apple might be very different. When you work in a big flagship store, disconnection between management and employee can be very troubling. Raises are very minimum, and very hard to earn.
HR leadership in Apple Retail lacks originality, diversity, often unethical. Apple is not employee focused, it's all about stock holders. Rewards homogeneous behavior.
If you work in certain locations promotion is very hard to come by without brown nosing, even when your numbers are top notch.
The company doesn't understand what they're doing in the enterprise and happily change directions with a moments notice without regard to the impact it has on their employees.
Hard work, high employee turnover.
Encourage spontaneous hallway discussions like the ACM study shows is critical to success (1), as well as access to a Guru (2)
Schedule is pretty rigid. Essentially part-timers get to put their preferences in but once your schedule is set there is no changing it. You are also expected to meet holiday and product launch demands which can go as far as being pushed into full-time temporarily with little notice and no say to the contrary.
Highly competitive environment which promotes some co-workers to be personally aggressive and pushy
Hight turnover. Competitive company for new or better positions. Difficulties to move forward in retail environment. Nonstop customer interaction very little in between time.
Workload is constant and understaffed. Constant change in work policy and constant change in product can be demanding and stressful. The stress mainly comes from the overwhelming amount of cases to deal with on a daily basis. Lastly, there is a rotation in shift every couple of months and don't expect to have a weekend off. It can be a huge con for people who want to have a social life.
We have to buy a meat at cafeteria
I did not like that if you didn't play the game you couldn't move up. The days of hard work shows off your skills and should determine your advancement are over. Its all about "look at me" or "look what I did". If you kiss butt and showed off how amazing you think you were then you were rewarded. I did not like this aspect. They also had a policy about Open Feed Back. Which only went one way. If you had a concern or wanted to talk to Management about how you felt or what can be improved it was looked down upon and turned back around on you.
There are very few ways to progress within Apple. The pathways to higher levels in the company are muddled and (I feel) purposefully difficult. You can go from part time to full time, but you just won't find much support to achieve the next level. They would prefer to higher outside management experience, rather than promoting those who know the company and the stores better than anyone. It never ceases to shock and amaze me at how staunchly they continue this trend.  The stores are frenetic and extremely high volume. When i leave the store I feel woozy from the sheer number of people i talked to and the assault on my eardrums.
The retail life. Hours are all over the place. I mean if you like to sleep in and work later, then great
It's turning into a sales company where they push workers to make a sale of there services including up selling the service plans including phone and business. They never had employees rated based on sales until recently they started firing because sales aren't up to par
Perks don't amount to other companies in the area. Mostly surrounding food. It used to be at least subsidized, however they recently increased all food prices, in many cases by 2x without any explanation. That was HUGELY disappointing of a company we thought wanted to look out for us and not make a profit off of us.
Not for everyone out there .. Making great products isn't that easy
Very strict scheduling and extremely cumbersome to switch shifts with other employees. That's why I had to leave the job. It became too hard to manage when full time classes started. Avoid if you don't want to sit behind a computer 40 hours a week in the summer and 20 hours in the fall when classes start. You have to build up vacation time, so make them before you accept your offer. My mistake!
I found divisions in Apple that seemed to operate differently than the overall vision of the company, and that was not pleasant to see.
It is not easy to begin with. The learning curve can be very daunting especially you will need to get to know people to learn stuff. A lot of things are not documents and processes are fluid. If you like it, you kinda enjoy it. Otherwise, you won't stick for long.
Not really flexible on scheduling. Also, the career opportunities are very hard to move through. Horrible employee discounts
-Retail life gets stressful -Retail hours -Apple now feels big box retail -Innovation no longer exists -No room for growth outside of retail. Not even Leadership -Leadership cares more about business intros than development of employees.
Quality of employees hired has gone down a lot, lack of innovation & management doesn't know what they're doing half of the time. Also, very difficult to get moved up-you're better off leaving and coming back into a promotion then trying from the inside- this has been confirmed by managers.
Apple is no different from any other company when it comes down to management. Lots of red tape, politics, and egos in leadership which takes the fun out of working there. Unfortunately, I was in an organization where the leadership was to busy worrying about themselves.
pace not for everyone, but for those that can handle it, its amazing
Long hours, lost many weekends to work
-Retail life gets stressful -Retail hours -Apple now feels big box retail -Innovation no longer exists -No room for growth outside of retail. Not even Leadership -Leadership cares more about business intros than development of employees.
Sometimes there is no clear path to advancement. There are some diversity opportunity that should be addressed.
- Depending on management, you will be overworked and under appreciated. - Customers can become extremely abusive. Management does not always take your side. - No flexibility in scheduling. Expected to have 100% full, open availability with one "preferred" day off that is not guaranteed.
Not enough career experiences for part time workers Not commission
There is no work life balance it's retail. A bit of a popularity contest to move around. Pay could be better
The job itself is hard and frustrating
The company tries to be so progressive that they hurt their employees.
retail environment is harsh for working in technicians areas. misdirection from many managers, my way or highway from management
Levels, pay and promotion policies are not clear and look intentionally obscure. Lots of internal politics.
No cons - I really enjoyed my time there.
Retail hours aren't too fun but that's the only Con I have.
Alike many other companies - a part time employee can work 30 plus hours a week and without full benefits.
Consulting is kind of ruining the work culture. Small projects not helping on long term for these companies. Full time employment is what will help these companies do better. It grooms people for that company specifically. Consulting is patch work projects. Knowledge sharing is a problem that needs to be solved.
Little upward mobility Repetitive tasks Very biased hiring and promotion system
You are more likely to excel if you have some college or a degree and sales experience.
Scheduling, and of course some management types,-(
It can be challenging to deal with the monotony of the sales transactions. You're answering the same questions all day pretty much. Although, most of the time people are very appreciative of the help you have to offer.
I sincerely had a hard time coming up with any negatives that I have had over my first year. This could always change, but so far so good.
Low pay with little upward mobility
can be stressful during releases
Early Hours, difficult to move from one department to another.
Favoritism is heavily showed.
Shuttle Buses do not coincide at all locations accordingly
Your hours are subject to change often. At times you will be asked to work additional hours during particularly busy times of the year.
Communication with some managers Ease of transfers Customers can be emotionally draining
Switch of management was not needed.
The con to being a Creative is that now that one to one is going away, people are not utilizing the free workshops that are available to them and also people want more of a one on one training.
Management can be overbearing at times. As an ASC you are disconnected from the culture for much of the year. Occasionally, Goals are simply unattainable.
Leadership is usually the biggest hindrance to the success of the team. If they would focus on the big picture more than the individual parts of the business, I feel there would be more success.
While their products are innovative. The way in which management runs the company is not. You will find technical advisors are over whelmed by the work load. With the high turn around rate and under staffing, stress and anxiety levels are high.
Like most companies, there are cons. So I didn't give the full five stars. You're still dealing with customers who are either a bit uneducated or lacking in sophistication at times, so it is appropriate to learn how to speak to the 'salt of the earth' types in order to deescalate the situation. Sometimes, especially after a long call, you need to catch your breath and take a breather... but metrics doesn't like it when you do that. Not only is this type of approach stressful to employees, it also makes people prone to various physical and psychological ailments like sleep disorders, anxiety disorders, heart palpitations, drug/alcohol addictions, etc. Right now, they're saying we should be back on the phone and ready to take a call within a minute of hanging up. This is to compensate for understaffed departments and busy times of the day. This should be a temporary solution rather than a year-round expectation. I guarantee none of the people instituting this policy have actually had any real world experience fielding calls from customers. Otherwise, they might think twice about setting such an insane expectation. However, this isn't just Apple. The vast majority of companies fit this con. If this is the kind of work you're going to do, at least do it for a better wage, better benefits and with better time off policies. Speaking of which, you will be severely stressed out the first 2-3 months on the phones since training is usually rushed. The good thing is when you're starting out you can reach out to your "Senior Specialist" and they can help you out with any calls you weren't fully prepared for in training (I'll give you a hint... it's most of them).
There's no such thing as work-life balance, or work-life fit, or wellbeing here. The company is slowed down these days with ridiculous office politics. The bottom line has become more important than doing what's right for the customer/Apple. They say they support diversity, but they haven't backed that up with a meaningful budget, manager training, or clear planning to promote diversity. It's difficult to move within the company. New hires face a pretty rough onboarding. Lots of tearing people down and very little rebuilding.
Always work over expectation means long working hours, especially when the new product will be launched. No free food is really something we would expect in Silicone Valley. The food quality degrades recently or the price raised. Work/Life balance is not as great to people who has family. No clear company direction is another big hit for past few years. The whole company atmosphere is now heavily driven by the capital.
As Apple has grown there is so much management bloat and frankly some incompetent people.
Work-life balance. They do keep you busy, but to me its worth it. Your experience can be lacking if management is not up to par. The constant changes in abundance of knowledge that you're always expected to know can be taxing, but you adjust over time.
Like any retail store the hours could be better.
Nothing I can think of
Although progressive, the company can be very one tracked mind. If you want a promotion, expect to be waiting for a couple of years before someone says something.
Work/Life balance came to a screeching halt as the demands of the business changed. Less flexible with scheduling etc. Very fast paced, expect a lot out of you for not the BEST salaries.
Work was not expected. Turnover is quite high, many people left the team after the initial few weeks of training.
Little to no room for development
Not enough pay for all the hard work
you must have set hours.
Very stressful at times due to culture of customers. Lack of opportunity for advancement from this position.
Hours, upper management, sick time
Once you are hired expect it to be near impossible to move up the chain in retail. What you're hired in, you'll stay in unless it is a lateral move.
work life balance , secrecy, inflexible hours
Retail hours/schedule.  Depending on the area, Middle Management is more focused on politics than the teams they serve.
It's still retail and some customers are still jerks. You still have to work on weekends and near holidays, you have to have an open mind and be cool with constructive feedback that will make you better if you let it.
Stressful work environment. Lots of politics and layers of bureaucracy. Some opportunity for upward mobility, but it seems to be mostly based on luck/timing/who you know, as opposed to merit.
Very little if any previous management experience outside of Apple is worth anything. The focus is experience at Apple only. I've been in management and leadership my whole adult life before coming to Apple. I've been there 3.5 years and wanting to be in management. So slow...
Very hard to get time off
Too much politics in management, hard to advance if you're not on managements good side
There are some rude customers
Extremely fast-paced, high demand, especially if in the retail stores.Sometimes foggy direction from corporate regarding new initiatives and lack of opportunities to keep veteran employees engaged.
Constant learning on the fly.
At the moment just tough getting promoted to higher positions
I have not had any negative experiences as a sales specialist
work from environment wasn't for me
Expect to get less than 20 hours when it isn't the holidays
Everything is a secret at Apple so transparency is not there.
can't think of one thing I would change
Everyone you know wants you to get you a discount, and you are suddenly everyone has questions for you. I don't recommend telling strangers you work here unless you want to work off the clock.
Customers are not always the easiest to get along with. Sometimes you will have people that just want to argue, but it comes with the territory of any customer service position.  Sometimes when things come down from corporate about new policies and work flow, they are not implemented correctly and it causes a headache for management and the staff.
This is more of a heads up rather than a con. Being patient is very important in this position. Technology can be overwhelming for older generations and it requires you to be extremely understanding that technology is something very scary and new to older generations. Just keep that in mind as you might have to explain things multiple times in different ways to help someone understand.
Food is not free but is still good
Work-life balance...this really isn't a strength of Apple. Long hours, nights, weekends, holiday work are all the norm.
No benefits and no PTO.
Long hours No work life balance Pay often doesn't outweigh bad customers
Frequent travel, too narrow job scope for each employee
commute can be long, hours are often long, fast-paced, exceptional work is expected day in and day out -- that's also a pro, however, as it's like a continual workout!
Isolation: you have to like being alone. Do not expect to do laundry, clean house or put your feet up to watch tv. You will be taking a lot of calls and be at your desk all the time. This is a job for people who take pride in what they do.
Almost impossible to go into corporate from retail. It's possible, it does happen, but don't expect it to.
brutal long hours, insular, cliquey culture, contractors do the same jobs as full-time employees, but get no benefits. No future, no appreciation.
Can feel like a popularity contest. Company prides itself on "Living in the gray." aka A lot of the aspects of your job will be ambiguous, especially when it comes to your end of year reviews. Management can be feel like they are full of hot air at times.
I wish I could work more hours.
Limited growth inside the store Dependence on NPS score rather then your heart and abilities. Pressure on customers specially ones who visit the Genius Bar and have standards without the education behind the product.
Some of the most insane retail experiences I've had were here, it can quickly wear you down.
intense workload, no work and life balance
Not too many cons from the retail standpoint , I would suggest learning and knowing your Apple culture. From the devices they sell to the policy to the people you work with. Hard to get into Apple but easy to leave.
can't really think of any downsides, flexible overtime during busy hours, flexible early out during slow times.
Work/Life balance was poor. The shifting week schedule didn't allow me to have any consistency. Things were getting better when I decided to leave, but I knew retail wasn't for me.
Retail hours Huge amounts of stress at the genius bar. Bad work/life balance At the end of the day its still a corporation with a corporation attitude
Tough to get in the door and once you get in you need to have focus or direction or you could get lost in your day to day job.
The Pay is way too low for the amount of stupid people you have to deal with every day. Steve Job's passing was the worst thing that has happened to Apple. Lastly, no first dibs on new products. Employees buy new products the same time apple fanboys, who would spend the night outside the retail store.
not many cons. company needs to care more for employees. such a big company its hard to focus on sole people.
- Easy to get lost in the mix and not recognized for your work - Business at Apple is still being conceptualized and the retail business teams don't have the resources available to be effective in their roles - Very low comp. compared to another B2B environment
I haven't yet experienced any cons of working with Apple. You meet great people. And you learn something new every day. It's a friendly, fun environnent.
Barely any time in between each call
Long hours can hamper work - life balance
- Easy to get lost in the mix and not recognized for your work - Business at Apple is still being conceptualized and the retail business teams don't have the resources available to be effective in their roles - Very low comp. compared to another B2B environment
It look like retail but actually it is a marketing channel. Too bad they don't know who they are and embrace the beauty in marketing.
As with all customer service jobs, the micro-managing can get out of hand. Some managers focus on metrics instead of the employee.
Some of the metrics used to measure performance are not very accurate, and could be tweaked for more effectiveness in determining employee value
Schedule changes every three months, like it or not.
vacation and paid time off could be better
There are none. I had such a fun time at Apple in LA. I can't wait to work at another branch somewhere else.
Shady Managers Hours Vary as a PT Hard to Move Up
People are cold to each other
Growing within the company wasn't as possible as they advertise to be. I went in thinking i could move forward but their constant leadership changes made it almost impossible.
Difficult to get interviewed without a referral, very high pressure and high stress job, long training period where things can feel overwhelming, very little movement in terms of promotions, and very little pay increases over time.
You will be a salesman and it's never going to be a slow day. You will bounce between setting up devices, and describing to older folks what an "iPad" is. Every day is the same. And the biggest downside is the pathway from Retail to Corporate... Or shall I say: "lack there of".
It's a huge company and sometimes it feels like it is impossible to move up the hierarchy. Every little thing is a secret and you even sometimes don't know what your lab-mates work on.
Apple does not treat people with respect, you really are just a number. I don't know what's it like to have an engineering job but salespeople are not respected at all. Apple relies on people wanting to work here, the pay and benefits aren't great. Everyone is always in fear of losing their jobs.
Negative, stressful culture, always "on-call", little focus on developing people
The positions pay what any retail position would, but are far more demanding. Apple extracts a lot of productivity from their employees. The availability requirements are extremely inflexible. The volume is challenging and you don't necessarily feel any rewards from dealing with it. You get pumped a lot of "world changing" "big picture" type ideas for baseline customer service work. There is no upward mobility. Your coworkers will be people who have worked their positions for 8-10 years. Management is very political. Nepotism is predominant throughout. Expect external hires or new hires to get much of the promotions. It's a revolving door as Apple has evolved a lot under Tim Cook.
Very narrow opportunities for growth. It's difficult for employees to bridge the retail/corporate gap and are often told to "get experience elsewhere and reapply."
Sometimes people and practices don't live up to Apple ideals, and then it's less amazing, but you still generally have a sense that people are good-intentioned
Retail world, hard to move up, no commission, retail hours, strict attendance policy, some management favoritism, fast paced environment, overall a good time though
Typical of some larger/any organization, management can sometimes play favorites in some situations. Not sure if it's a con, maybe for some, but you need to be flexible and change with the needs of the organization. Can be challenging if the focus is changed on a whim.
Promotions take time. There is a lot of competition for opening.
No cons as per my point of view
Corporate culture is too energetic. Almost like a cult of personality but most bigger companies seek to ingrain their culture across all levels of the company.
On your feet most of the day, dealing with angry customers and have 10 min. for each appointment to repair relationships.
Unclear path to corporate from Retail.
None! Kind of sad that I graduated college and had to leave to go work in my field :P
there really arent any cons for working here, it has been a pleasant experience full of job opportunities for growth  pay increases only after a year may be the only downside
Micromanaging, lack of communication (at times).
No growth opportunities unless you socialize outside of work with management, agism, burnout, cult mentality.
For a company that vomits they are not "numbers focused" constantly, they are very numbers (metrics) focus. But they do it in a way that is "under the table". I know it sounds shady, which its not, but near me out. They constantly tell you to focus on customer service and numbers. But whenever you have reviews and/or are looking to move up, numbers will be a huge deciding factor. And let's say you don't get what you applied for, and it was for numbers, they'll say it in a way that sort of seems like it was that, but not really, but yes. This might not make seems, but that's exactly what my experience was. I've been through three different store, 2 different states. All that same everywhere.
your work days can be very long - customers can be very disrespectful - you will to get yelled at every day by customers for there mistakes.
Some people get caught up in the politics or worrying too much about the person next to them. Focus on making a difference for your customers and everything else falls into place.
The company is very big, you cannot deep more tech, and just focus on a part of project.
Hard to set yourself apart from home.
Internal promotions didn't happen enough , Not every store is ran the same. The culture has changed but its still a better place to work than most retailers
Late work hours, occasionally long days.
Some of the new policies and procedures can feel very out of touch with customer base. After you learn to ins and outs of the company, you will see that our market is global and these decisions were for the better.
The work is tedious and can become quite the drag. After a while $15 per hour doesn't cut it when you have to connect with a customer, help them find the right product for them, AND be their therapist when their stuff hits the fan. The retail --> corporate route it not as accessible as you think.
The commute from San Francisco is a nightmare.
scheduling is difficult and demanding. Job changes frequently with little input considered. often feel like the last to know about literally everything.
Sometimes the work schedules are not flexible
Often times the long work hours can be stressful.
No resting on your laurels. Constant state of development and evolution. (Which is also awesome). Sometime it is not a magical as we want it to be.
The mamagers are only interested in their own advancement out of retail and into corporate. There is a serious problem with being a second-class citizen in the Apple family. And it's still just retail.
As soon as I landed in my Store, all I got was an extremely high pressure. No care for people. No care for my personal growth. No coaching. I've just received a lot of "feedbacks" from the Store "Leader" and the Business "Leader" with the only goal to stress me out. Subjects of the feedbacks weren't about how I was managing my specific role, but of my way of being a manager, of being myself. I was going to make violence on myself to uniform to my bosses will! Just loosing my mind..... A great disillusion. The Store was a store.... not an Apple Store, with a store boss and not an Apple Store Leader... Very sad....
Schedule always is rotating Customers can be very rude
- Sometimes competitive, Apple will definitely see what you are doing, give you feedback on how you can improve. If you don't put the work in to become a better employee or be more of a team player, you have a chance of not moving up - Leadership sometimes has their own agenda, creates rules that don't often fit the focus of the store.
Some of the leadership will micro manage you to hit your number goals. It's positioned as a goal to reach for but in reality it's hit this number or get talked to every day.
-Low expectations from contractors -Management can be ineffective -Coworkers are kinda dumb -If smart you will outgrow quickly  I was teaching my manager's things that he/she should have already known...
Scheduling was always strict. because they are a retail store you cannot have 2 consecutive days off in a row. because of this it was hard to maintain a good work life balance.
Fast paced environment, slow growth potential
The work environment is pretty busy all the time. Not the sort of place for the lazy.
They really hate tardiness and last minute changes to schedules. So make sure you arrange shift switches as soon as possible.
Can be difficult to maintain numbers
Sold a dream in the beginning. Smoking mirrors effect. No career development. Its just your regular retail job
very limited career growth, and low hourly pay
Incredibly boring tasks - tasks usually involved reviewing tickets/information and making minor changes. I felt more like a robot than a researcher, I very much doubt that even a high school kid could not pull this off.
None. Its a great place to work
So far, So good. Really have nothing bad to say. Of course you'll find bad apples everywhere but I seen very little here
Benefits were non existent Hours were give and take Pay was ok even with previous experience, didn't match other companies
- Work-Life balance. Schedule changes frequently. - Time off not approved when proper process adhered to. - Management, especially scheduling management, is very hard to coordinate with.  Chose to work at this particular location to be able to spend time with family. Days off constantly move around without notice, so scheduling anything is very hard. Specific request for work-life balance seem to have gone by the wayside.
Its customer service so it can be hectic
Especially compared to working in an Apple Retail store, working from home can be pretty disengaging after a while. There is a lot of stress involved with being a Senior Advisor. Most customers are either already angry, and/or have a complex issue that takes a while to work through.
Holiday hours, limited openings for full-time
Upper management disconnected.
Not much opportunity for moving up in the company. You're pretty much in the same position for your career unless they really like you then you have a shot of being something different
Limited growth options, and limited work life balance. FRS role is not compensated fairly for their stress level, as it is still considered an entry level position.
It can be hard to be on task because you work from home. Can be lonely with no workplace experience. Very ambiguous about changes some times
Some folks are like tenured professors...they just shouldn't be there but they are embedded. As soon as the iPhone came out Apple started getting really corporate-y.
Overly demanding, customers and leadership don't appreciate what you do
-retail -changing corporate culture becoming increasingly toxic -sourcing new managers from Target, who do not usually fit into the culture -extremely competitive -must work weekends
no room for growth
Balance of work and family could be tough, company located in a region requiring two jobs
Opportunities for advancement do not come often.
Too much emphasis on selling Apple Care. Pay could be better for hourly.
I cannot find any for cons
Nonexistent work-life balance, below average pays, extremely long hours (including nights and weekends), extremely unreasonable expectations (1 person have 2-3 different jobs with responsibilities way above their pay range). First level managers think they are stars. Cash bonus is a joke considering the amount of money the company makes.
some what expensive to me
Intense working hours - expectations to work even when you're off. New hires are compensated much better than employees who have been there for years.
Culture is a web of interconnected pieces, which means it's really hard to get anything moving. Many medium priority items sit for a long time.
there were no down sides
tough to get in but once you get in its a different world
Sometimes management can be a bit disconnected from you if your agenda doesn't benefit theirs  A lot of favoritism  Very high turnover
They don't pay enough for everything they require you to do. They say the experience is all about the customer but it seems to be driven more and more by dollars spent by the customer.
No work life balance Politics to the max Vending machine type environment Pay is not adequate for the amount of money made for company
The customers absolutely suck. Being a technician, you are subject to constant, CONSTANT barrages of yelling and cursing and it takes patience.
I sometimes got the impression that younger employees made more headway within the ranks.
Retail is tough... Apple Retail is another level. It can be very stressful and tiring on your body.
Hard to get into management. Even being in the top 5% you are not able to get into a management role. The completion is tough and some mangers promise you something and then back out of what they said.
The scheduling can really stink, but you're in a call center environment so it kind of goes with the gig. Also having to deal with difficult customers
When it comes down to it tech support is purely customer service, meaning that you regularly encounter rude individuals. With practice it gets easier to inject some cheer into the situation and calm them down.
but they have bad work environment
Sometimes I feel like it is hard to try and move up in the company.
Lack of development for a company that is growing: lack of loyalty to ppl that have been working there for years. A place where your great ideas may be used but you are not compensated for it
Too many to list here, most have to do with being a very large company
It's still a retail environment and the hours are retail-based.
Flexibility of schedule, meaning only allowing employees to select the days but not the exact hours
Occasionally had to work a couple extra hours (required) during new product releases.
Sometimes customer interactions can be draining.
The worst thing about Apple is that it is hard to get hired and even harder to get fired. There have been plenty of people that flew under the radar and should be let go.
Low wages for retail Difficult to advance as not to many upper level positions vacate very often
- Perks aren't on par with other companies of equal stature - A lot of travel away from family and friends - Pressure and stress can be quite intense
Not enough hours for part-time
Combative culture, no work life balance, culture of competitiveness that hinders collaboration and innovation
work/life balance is tough, depending on your team.
Very busy, sometimes difficult to manage customer expectations
It's still a retail environment with the usual management challenges.
There aren't many places to go. The few positions that become available are hugely sought after and they go to whoever the managers "favorites" are. You'll grow old waiting for a promotion. You'll work for like 5 different managers who all have different expectations and personalities, so it's very hard deal with that. What makes one happy, upsets another, etc., and they're never on the same page. If you're full time you can forget about college or anything else because you are NOT permitted to have specific days off, at least not at my store. You are NOT allowed to request ANY days off from Black Friday through mid January NONE!!! You'll never spend Christmas with your out-of-state family EVER again. You WILL work Easter, Super Bowl Sunday, Halloween, Christmas Eve, New Year's Eve and all the 3 day weekends. If you have school-aged kids....you'll go days without seeing them because you have to "close" several nights per week and they'll be in bed already when you get home. You'll be bored out of your mind on slow days where you're forced to literally just stand there. They won't send you home, but I guess that's good from a financial standpoint. Peers are not only allowed to confront you with negative "feedback" they're encouraged to...so be prepared! It's REALLY HARD at first. You are rated on your "NPS" Net a Promoter Score. For EVERY SINGLE transaction that occurs an email is sent to the customer asking them to rate you on various aspects and they can write comments. Any negative comments mean trouble for you even if they're untrue or were someone else's fault. For instance, a customer goes to the Genius Bar to have a phone repaired, but it's out warranty or has water damage so it cannot be repaired. Obviously this customer is gonna be unhappy! Before he leaves the store he buys a new charging cable and YOU sell it to him, well guess who's name the bad review goes under...YOURS! It's tough to have every transaction evaluated!
Lack of career paths from retail to corporate.
Review for Operations 1. Long hours. When you have to work till 2 AM to answer e-mails and calls and wake up at 6AM to attend meetings, it shows that the company culture does not care and respect employees. Companies that allows and and expects employees to work past midnight does not expect anyone. Period. 2. Very cheap company. With over $200 Billion in the bank, it's the cheapest company in the valley. Extracts every drop out of it's employees till you have no time for breakfast and lunch. At the same time, they don't provide free breakfast or lunch or snacks. Did I say cheap? 3. Very expensive cafeteria food at $10 per meal. They do not subsidize the meals. 4. Used to provide free apples. Not anymore. Did I say that they are super cheap? 5. Employees only leave Apple for Google, Facebook. You will never see employees from Google or Facebook. That got to tell you something. It's a sweatshop that does not care for its employees. 6. Oh got to pay to use the gym. Did I mention cheap? 7. Bad company. Very very bad.  If you get a job offer, please consider it carefully. It is a sweatshop. They simply cannot get quality candidates Goggle and Facebook. Got to hire cheap labor from outside of California.
Sporadic 7-days a week scheduling Pay for managers is great but could be better for lower level employees, especially with increasing demands of them.
too much works so difficult to make a valance with family.
Strict adherence to metrics and a feeling that you are constantly being watched/recorded and must rush as fast as you can to get more work done is quite stressful
Store Leader can make or break the experience for all in the building. Unfortunately, the Store Leader I work for is devisive - doesn't know how to build a team. Service business model is a tough when you are the only Apple Store for hundreds of miles. The pace of the store wears on the team.
none at all, just a great place.
Dealing with different personalities each day can be challenging and sometimes you'll feel like things can get repetitive after being there for a while.
Schedule is very random, and you will work almost have weekend especially during the holidays and there is very little offered overtime.
Very busy all the time in the retail space.
Very stressful environment, and constantly being micro-managed
Advancement, it is not easy to move up on the company. If not full time getting hours is a little bit of a struggle.
Glass ceiling if you don't want to be a manager. No set schedule.
Competition, promotion is tough, need to keep it secret!
I have worked on the retail side and currently work on the corporate side and the one thing that is consistent is the ambiguity. This isn't necessarily bad, but it's the culture. If you can't adapt, if you can't evolve, and if you can't do it fast, then maybe Apple isn't for you. There is no hand holding, there is no roadmap to success, there is no path forward. If you want to go anywhere with Apple, you better pioneer it yourself and let others know you are doing it and maybe, just maybe, you'll get where you want to go. Like I said, it's ambiguous, so it's hard to say that if you do all the right things then 2+2 will always = 4 because that is not the case.  - No bonuses or employee recognition (unless you count free t-shirts and water bottles) - No clear path to promotion/transfer - No work/life balance for retail employees
little upward mobility retail hours are random people are sometimes mean
plenty of talents and politics
No work/life balance You probably won't get a promotion if you're not kissing up to management And the managers suck. They barely manage It used to be a pretty laid back vibe, but not its getting more strict and not as fun to work there (more pressure to sell)
Management is not very good and need training
* Metrics performance goals are *FAR* too highly focused on and too micromanaged - you can be a fantastic employee at Apple, but if your metric numbers even look a little bit off in one area, expect to receive lengthy coaching from your manager. Management needs to realize that these numbers are largely out of control of the advisor, as the customer is the person with the ultimate say and can issue a rating that may or may not be appropriate for any or no given reason. In addition, metrics performance became practically impossible to achieve once management started issuing additional roles for the existing employees. For example - initially our team started off as T1 iOS advisors, where we would solely troubleshoot and help issues related to iOS-based products for the most part. However, over time once promotions came down the line, at the T2 level you are expected to act as a 'final point of contact' for customers regardless of their issue in the majority of situations. In addition, you take on additional products and services that you must be familiar with, and internal information is constantly being changed and updated which may lead to a different protocol for approaching certain issues. Not only that, but over time they expected all iOS advisors to be cross trained for Mac computer products as well - guess what that ended up doing? It ended up making every advisor be expected to know literally *everything* about practically every product and service, while drastically increasing the workload in any given day to the point where you never had a chance to take a breather. The T2 advisors were also being forwarded blind calls from T1 advisors, so these last two points significantly added onto the burden of the employee to the point where it becomes too much to handle.  * Forget about having any kind of work/life balance. At Apple, your primary focus is always expected to be about the job and nothing else. Expect emails from management or pressure from your team manager to take on additional hours. While management will sometimes issue contests based on employees who take on additional hours, they are completely random as you would expect (given that there are thousands of employees on shift at any given time). In addition, your work schedule typically changes every 3 months in the role. Every 3 months, you will have to submit a new shift bid and *hopefully* get the appropriate days and times you're looking for.  * At the T2 level especially, customers often tended to be rude. At the T1 level when I initially started off this issue was negated somewhat due to the larger influx of calls, but rude customers are to be expected in a customer service/technical support based role. To be fair, quite a few customers are also enjoyable to speak with. :)  * This last point may or may not be an issue for employees, depending on the team that you are randomly placed into - during complex or difficult situations during a call, you may or may not be able to rely on support from your fellow team members/manager. Again, this point can be either a pro or con depending on the situation for the employee (I had both variants happen throughout my tenure at Apple).
Only ONE static day off, extremely micro managed in regards to call reviews, not enough propriety hands on training prior to hitting the flow. Too many hurdles or processes required to submit timecard, check schedule, check email, etc.
Busy, but every store is though
Honestly, I cannot think of one.
Not much advancement in retail
can sometimes get very hectic, busy, and customers are frustrating
Management was horrific and, ironically, mis-managed. Anyone thinking differently was quickly labeled as 'trouble' and ostracized by most of the management team.
You had better be passionate about Apple products - it would be hard for you to justify your hard work if you didn't care about the beautiful products that you contribute to.  Internal mobility is not straightforward - some teams handle it better than others.
It's still retail. Retail doesn't lead to corporate. If you want to go to corporate build the skills that fit the job you want outside of your hours in retail.
Growth Opportunities, repetitive issues, Customer concerns,
You could feel pressure to follow up if you don't work hard. So it may not be an easy work.
The work can be very taxing. Long hours, constant rush in the store. Extremely over-stimulating environment at times.
Too many drama queens Managers ill equipped to manage Inadequate manager training Managers promoted on technical skills, not people skills
Pay is not competitive. While it may be a couple dollars higher than Walmart or McDonalds, don't expect it to be on par with other jobs in the industry.  Working at the Genius Bar can be overwhelmingly demanding.  Really the only metric that matters is customer ratings on surveys. The overall scoring metric is heavily weighted towards the negative reviews. Add in the fact that you have a very limited time with each customer to give options/solve their issue, and a lot of the negative reviews aren't really relevant to your own performance but rather on how the customer feels about Apple.
Not much but Apple could provide employees with better benefits like free food, gym etc.
Retail hours regardless of your job Like any other retail environment, selling is included regardless of your specialty Constant Change
work life balance could be better
Long working hours, weekend work,
Always so busy. My store had about 10k people walk in on a typical Saturday, if you cannot handle barely hearing yourself think on some days, this may be a bad fit.  Management dropped the ball on giving me a transfer when moving out of the area. Sketchy process.
Working for managers that kissed butt to get where they are and have no skills. Just because Apple is a large and well known company doesn't make it the best company to work for.
frequent travel internationally usually over 30%
Not a lot of perks, store management plays favorites and could care less about employees, only, themselves, and personal growth.
Not a whole lot of upward mobility from the retail arm, you kind of have to know the right people.
Working for managers that kissed butt to get where they are and have no skills. Just because Apple is a large and well known company doesn't make it the best company to work for.
The main con is the work life balance because you are still working retail.
You lose the social interaction that you find in most office jobs
The only downside is the rude customers you'd have come into the store.
Almost constantly on call, not much of a work time and off time difference, really depends on your assignment, politics and rivalry between teams. Too much secrecy between teams and projects makes work very inefficient.
Hard to move up quickly. They mainly hire from outside the company rather then within. Managers change every couple months so hard to get use to a certain style.
Unless you want to become a manger, there isn't much potential for career growth. If you live in San Francisco there are so many other great companies.
Be prepared to slog and forget about work-life balance
Interactions are timed which can make troubleshooting transactional.
At a retail level, pay is behind the times and not proportional to the work that their retail employees do.
Pay an hours are horrible. Overtime was an expectation not exception. It's also very draining having people angrily yell at you about their issues when you are just trying to help.
Advancement is kind of political and a science their time and attendance policy changed and it's crazy
Part Time hours suck. Anywhere from 3 to 4 days a week.
Growth Structure, advancement for already developed employees
- Not a lot of room for career growth - Emphasis on political attitude over job performance (this is store specific, but those who were promoted/rewarded were done so because they were better at politics than they were at their job)
Average pay, little to no work life balance
Not a lot of room to grow.
Work life balance does not exist. Your work family becomes your real family, and also become your core group of friends. Sometimes it is definitely overwhelming, and can become too much to handle.
Work Life Balance not consistent
Excessive and stressful workload for what you are paid. Corporate mentality that is the same as any other call center type job. No longer feels like a place to make a career. Life long Apple customers are always angry because they are not used to having to hold 20-40 minutes to speak to someone about their $3000 computer. Customer appeasement programs have been all but stripped bare so advisers hands are mostly tied when trying to help repair the relationship with customers.
It's retail Local management has no power to make needed policy changes
Depending on the department, management is varied, if you are unlucky you get managers who have no idea of what they are doing and you wonder how they got their position. If you are lucky you get managers who are more competent and good to work under. I had both from working 2 different departments.
The only down side I can think of is when customers get upset with us for things that are well outside our control. i.e. Slow internet speeds in store or issues with their cellphone carriers
It is hard to move up. You'll get recognized and a good job but to move up you have to put in time
Working at Apple is incredible demanding. You must be the best of the best in order to move forward. With such loyalty and career longevity, there aren't many opportunities to fill vacated role. In the same respect, your opportunity at Apple is only limited by your ability to travel and be flexible for the needs of the organization. Many people that can relocate among the globe have led paid growth careers.
Very stressful position, company is all about numbers and getting VSATS or very satisfied surveys. You have to be really proficient in a high performing call center even if it's work at home. You could be getting 90% VSATS but that is not good enough and they will make you feel horrible it's not higher around the 92-94% range. You have to be open to constant feedback, your manager will start nit picking you honestly. Everything is based off what they call the 3 A's which is how overall the advisor is going to take the call to wow you and get that vsat. Overall very stressful company to work for, schedules are off a bid system and if someone won't trade you, that's what you get. Everything feels stale working there. Working at home has been the worst. They also make you feel like if you can't meet the basic expectations if doing your job, you'll always get written up and put on action plans. Honestly horrible company to work for, hard customers to please.
Bad or misguided management can stall growth.
Not every flexible with the schedule
No work life balance. Hectic and work is not spread evenly, even though management will say that they are working to improve others and hire more people. Those that suck up get promoted, even though others may be more deserving. A lot of the culture seems too "fake".
There are only two places you can really go within Apple: Retail or Corporate. That’s it. There’s so much competition (I’m talking 60k+ employees within the company) that there’s very little room for movement. Management can get too focused on sales and metrics that they forget to appreciate the little behaviors at times. Days of the week can get very exhausting and repetitive. If you go full-time, good luck on trying to find balance in your work and personal life. You will most likely work every Saturday unless you’re luckily not scheduled or requested the day off in advance. Sometimes it’s even difficult to request certain days off two months in advance due to store meeting thresholds.
Can be stressful. Sometimes you work more than you realize. It can be hard to gain a good work/life balance. Once you master that though- great place to work.
A lot of micro management. It is difficult to move vertically into a higher position unless you really play nice with management. Too many unrealistic expectations set for low level employees. Training is adequate but with so many things to learn, on the job training is more useful. It is all about stats. If you're unable to meet or exceed unrealistic stats, good luck! A multi-billion dollar company that is focused on customers and not employees.
Managers are hired externally and cannot relate to what you do. Working from home gives you cabin fever.
Stress of representing a large corporation while dealing with complex issues Rigorous workload with a lack of additional employees sometimes (which is good if all we get is quality)
None. I loved working for Apple
SO HARD TO BECOME FULL TIME Promises are sometimes made, if not in writing dont count on them Hard to learn so many people coming in and out, the rotation No set schedule, hours can fly up or drop like no other.
Very busy store is handled well by employees not so great by customers.
Stressful retail environment, difficult customers at times
It's incredibly difficult to move up in the company
Hard to go up in promotion, never any down time.
Managers are NOT in tune with employees and are too busy trying to think up of new sales processes to understand their products, employees and are often patronzing. Management are not true to their word and don't do anything to address the negative feedback from staff
Poor management and bad pay. The expectations far exceed what they want to pay their employees. Lots of work for no pay and get it done quicker than possible. Also, there was absolutely no time to ramp up and learn the ropes. Other companies say it will be a quick ramp up when starting, but Apple allowed no time at all in my case. I love their products and continue to buy them, but would never work for them again.
Glass ceiling is very evident. It is extremely difficult to move past the sales floor into upper management without great political shoulder-rubbing.
Same as above please contact applicants
- work doesn't vary - time is micromanaged - little opportunity to move up beyond phones
No free Apple products. A lot of talking about how great they are.
Some of the customers can be entitled and annoying.  Some of the staff can be arrogant at times.  SUPER HARD to get promoted unless you are a rockstar amongst rockstars. I beat out over 400 people just to get in the door. So did everyone else I work with... Anywhere else I would be the standout MVP of the place, at Apple, im just slightly above average according to my management team (that's not good enough to get a promotion at Apple, btw)
Promotions are few and far between but well rewarded once achieved.
Lots of work. Other than that, it's good.
The pay considering the area that the store is located.
You are only given windows of shift availability and therefore might be working late into the evening or very early in the morning depending on where you live.
- Having to work weekends and attend mandatory training on Sundays. These were only ever few months, but it got tiring having to work weekends (even though it's expected for retail) - It got tiring teaching the same basic tasks to a typically older clientele. There's only so many times one can explain email and websites before going a little crazy. - Stores were very busy, not for people who want to avoid crowds.
Most of the current opportunities are in the retail part of the company. This leads to a requirement to structure your life around the realities of a 7-day a week rotating schedule that can have shifts starting early in the morning and ending late at night on a routine basis.
Management is pretty disconnected with their employees. Employees are regularly kept in the dark about something until the moment it's launched. Then we're expected to be pros on this new product and know all it's intricacies. It's just not possible.  The food they offer is kinda pricy. You would think that a company that has more cash capital than any other company in the world would be able to splurge for free food for their employees. More recognition when reaching milestones. Promoting within. Apple has switched to a Temp Agency mentality and therefore cut costs when paying employees. Plus the turn over rate to full-time employment from a temp position is nil.
Part time hours are not always consistent especially in slow times. If you don't like talking to people this is not the job for you. You have to be able to build rapport.
First, let me say that every At Home Advisor coworker I know is looking for another job.  At home Advisor Chat position requires you to chat with 3 people at once, troubleshooting complicated processes. In each one of these chats, it's possible you may have to escalate the chat to a senior advisor.  This used to be a single chat job with possibility for a 2nd. As of early 2016, they moved half their chat agents to phones and the ones that are left are being worked to the bone. It's been like this for months with no change in sight. In fact they're still moving chat agents to phones.  Every day you log in, you'll see a horde of customers in the chat queue, guaranteeing you will have a miserable day.  Unless you like being worked to your mental capacity limit for 8 hours a day, 5 days a week, you should look for something else.
There is no con that I can think of, everything thay goes on in the store is fluid.
I don't have an cons
-can be a bit disorganized
It is very difficult to rise up within the system. They throw so much obstacles to make you stay where you are.
There really are no cons
Retail hours aren't great. They are a bit sporadic, so it makes it hard to plan your day to day schedule. Especially if you have a family.
This is your standard call center position. So your performance is based off of standard call center stats.
The cons of this company include: very minimal opportunities for growth and/or promotion, big corporate feel- employees are treated like a number.
The pay could be better
I cant think of anything off hand. I actually miss this job a whole lot.
Difficult to leave such an amazing environment.
Management can be a little egotistical and you will have to work long hours
Specifically in the retail division, needs of business trump all concerns for individuals well being, health or life/work balance. Burnout is common among technicians with no real options, but to leave.
It's a big store. There are a lot of personalities to work with and even more customers coming in on a daily basis. It takes a strong person to be able to get along with colleagues and treat customers well while doing 50 other things at once.
Ambiguous and sometimes overwhelming workload.
Difficult to leave such an amazing environment.
Can take a while for an opportunity to advance and there is a LOT of competition Scheduling is not very flexible
Work/Life Balance! I would say especially if you have kids. This is a call center and we are open til 11pm. If you work at home and in chat. that is a 24 hour business. Schedules do change every 3 months and you have the option of choosing a 5x8 or 4x10 but you can still get some pretty bad schedules.
Requires working weekends and most holidays just because it is a retail store.
The hours can vary depending on how much they need you. Management sometimes can be iffy. We need more holidays off.
Lack of coordination between team and orgs, lack of interest in infrastructure and all the focus is on user visible features. Software engineering processes are from the 90s: infrequent releases and focus on manual testing.
Your satisfaction at retail depends entirely upon which store you are hired at. Management can be drastically different, working at multiple stores showed me how poor Senior Mgmt at the retail level can be. Most retail managers are not technology people, which can be a struggle. Work life balance is exceptionally poor as scheduling is released only two weeks ahead of time and managers can be very bullish about not changing schedule to accommodate PTO, etc. As it is retail, weekends off are simply not possible most times.
nothing that was really major though
I'm not convinced that Apple cares about its employees, and things are getting worse all the time. In the last year, free dinner was moved from 5pm to 7pm, our free apples were taken away, and food prices were raised. A large, delicious salad from the salad bar used to cost $4, and overnight it went up to $7. I have little hope that things will be better when Apple Campus 2 opens next year.  Additionally, the campus (if you could call it that) is now so large that I often spend hours of my day just shuttling around to different meetings. My productivity suffers.
Bad management. Not necessarily very good perks either.
They are really strict on their policies. If you have even a minor infraction, you will potentially lose your job.
Retail hours. No bonuses, no promotions or internal movements.
very difficult to move up, they tend to pull in from other companies to fill management level positions.
Hours can be very long and demanding. Lot's of strong personalities and increasing politics as the company grows. Meetings tie up most of the day so often times real engineering work will have to wait until the evening.
Constant change, shifting initiatives. Pressure placed on management prevents them from genuinely being themselves. Recent decline in stock valuation is creating strong internal pressures to sell.
Pay is way too low for what is expected of you. Advancement is minimal for such a large company. Takes a while when you do get it.
Work life balance isn't the best sometimes you feel as though you slept there and started work again.
Not enough non retail positions
The rules can bend depending on who you are. It can be great and it can be terrible.
Boring, too many calls not enough agents.
The cost of living in the bay area is hard to sustain a life so my only con is the cost of living in the area, non towards the company.
Unfortunately the hight turnover rate lead to more people quitting. The strict tardiness policies with barely any wiggle room made it difficult for students like me to compete with others.
Working weekends is always one of the biggest downsides. It is a retail environment though so it is expected. Very busy stores are sometimes overwhelming, and the appointment structure is sometimes hard to work within.
It's a giant machine and sometimes you can feel like a cog
weekends are most demanding pretty stressful environment
Hours are tough to work with. Co-workers often call out leaving you with too much work to do in a day. Not enough staff to keep on time.
There aren't really any cons except for the longer shift on a weekend day as a part time employee.
Work life balance is hard.
The one thing that I do not like is how they determine shifts. They do not explain how they determine everyones shifts.
Management can greatly differ from place to place
You can't be lazy. It's a fast paced job.
I wish Vacation & Sick Time were better. A company like Apple that supposedly "Thinks Different" should be able to think different in terms of benefits.
There are not a lot of opportunities for advancement at the Sacramento/Elk Grove site. Many of the old time management at the site do not have degrees.
Working Retail can provide a lot of opportunity to grow within apple retail but harder to work for corporate.
The amount of work you do can and should be compensated more often, aka bigger raises and possible bonus
Moving up in the company is challenging. Remember that working for the best means you are working with the best. Competition is stiff. If you think you'll be coming in and a year later will be a manager or within another facet of the company, you're going to be a bit disappointed. I'm not saying it can't be done, but I am saying it'd be like getting accepted into Harvard Law and then trying to graduate at the top of your class. I've seen colleagues of mine with Master's degrees and they're still stuck on the phones. If you don't have patience then this is really really is not for you. Talking on the phone all day is draining and half of that time is spent empathizing with senior citizens that don't know how to turn on a phone.
At times too competitive, tiring,
High-powered environment sometimes leads to high stress and short deadlines. Very lean company headcount-wise (for additional reference, look at Apple's revenue/employee).
Working from home can be difficult because you don't get a social aspect of the job. Also a lot of times, because you are on a phone, customers can forget you are a human and treat you very poorly.
Over worked, not appreciated, and much much more
Professional development is available for all it's employees, but the rewards to that PD is quite slow.
Little crunch on timelines to deliver. Sometimes pressure is on to deliver product, but where it's not. When you're doing great things it's not easy! But if you are smart you enough you will be able to manage it.
Apple has discontinued the personal training program leaving Creatives with nothing to. Total waste of talent.
No work/life balance. At all. Also difficult to move up in the company. You will always just answer phones.
Work/life balance Part timers are supposed to work every weekend even though they have enough people to rotate time-offs among employees
Employer doesn't utilize feedback for reasonable goals. Bad wear and tear on hands and stress levels are high here. Pay isn't worth time on joints as far as workload is concerned
Can be slow moving up at times
Hours, Manager Reliability, Promotions, Hipster Mentality, New Apple Products
After a few management changes things started going down hill. Now its not about the creative fun in you but about money and numbers.
When looking at advancing, it's entirely politics.
Can get a but redundant after awhile. Mall hours can be a drag
Not enough hours for part timers
It's a cult. Don't get sucked in.
the advisor tools are very buggy. customers yelling at you
Not enough for what is dealt with.
Fearless feedback nap be a blessing and a curse. You are expected to give feedback to a particular individual several times before a manager will step in. This can be frustrating when this situation is not professionally your place to coach an individual.
The work is really, really stressful. If you don't have a Disney "happy-go-lucky" voice, you will get negative feedback from your manager even if the call went well. The customers are the hardest part, especially as a female, sometimes they won't even give you their time and will ask for an escalation because of your gender.
Not a very creative role.
Not a very creative role.
Leadership isn't consistent with developing their people.
You'll eat at the cafe everyday!
Variable work schedule. Retail requires weekend availability.
Requires flexible schedule, impeccable patience with troubleshooting devices/software, and the most expendable position when it comes to consistent hours
Not too many Cons. Some favoritism was going on. Also it did seem like once you work there you have to be part of the apple cult or else you are ostracized a bit.
Only concerned about metrics, 90 day schedule rotation, late hours, high-call volume, poor management, no work/life balance
Still a call center job Growth is hard to come by after a certain level Schedules changed every 3 months (FT)- 6 months (PT)
Hard to move up in ranks
Sometimes overworked and underpaid, moving up isn't easy
Favoritism, hard to move up, terrible work/life balance
CHANGES, CHANGES AND MORE CHANGES Things change all the time as with any business, however, with Apple, some of their changes can affect your overall position and pay. For example, you can be hired as a Chat Advisor, but if the need permits, you'll end up on the phones. Another example is, you can be working on night shift, but then end up on day shift if the need permits. Nothing is set in stone. You can be moved around or changed to go somewhere else at any moment. Apple does not care how it affects you.  ONGOING TRAINING WITH NO PAY INCREASES You will get hired for one thing.. but you will be crossed trained for everything else. They're goal is to have all Advisors knowledgeable about all products. They want everyone to be able to float around and provide support anywhere needed. I had been working two months on my own and my stats were horrible. I was still trying to get familiar with what I was trained to do. However, despite my lack of knowledge and ongoing horrible stats which clearly showed I was not ready to take on new products, they trained me on two other products within a month of each other. I did not receive a pay increase. I was totally stressed out and was about to quit several times. I expressed my anxiety to my manager but they were not able to assist me.  MANAGERS ARE PUPPETS I have nothing bad to say about managers other than I feel so sorry for them. You can tell they really want to do something different other than what their superiors are advising them to do. There is ALOT of pressure on them. Their managers are pressing them to get this done by this date with each member on their team. Most of the time when you take a problem to them, they will not hear you out. They will only make excuses as to why something is the way it is. I really do believe that is how they're trained. So I don't blame them. Don't expect your manager to be able to assist you with much. They are not trained to do that. They are trained to protect the brand - which ultimately means, if its not affecting the customer, they really do not care. The only thing they are concerned about is your stats. Anything outside of that they really don't care about.  YOU WILL DREAD LAUNCHES Launches are suppose to be a exciting time, but if the customers you support are directly affected by the launches, you will eventually hate them. I hate whenever Apple launches anything new. Although they test and test and test the product/software, it never works straight out of the box. Apple is a industry giant, but when it comes to product releases, I have yet to experience one that went smooth. Customers go absolutely nuts. Business owners scream at you, curse you and all kinds of things. Its terrible! iTunes and other non-technical departments do not have to deal with launches.  STATS WILL KILL YOU I really don't want to get much into this, but I will say this: It is very hard to have good stats. A customer can chat in, you help them, chat back in and the next person don't help them - the customer gets YOUR survey and mark it negatively based on what the other Advisor did. The customer can chat with you, you send them to the Apple Store, they have a bad experience at the store.. but then use the survey from their interaction with YOU and complain about their store experience. Yes, you can get penalized for what someone else did. I understand how this could happen, but there should be a way for the managers to correct this. The reason this is so important is because this affects promotions, salaries, EVERYTHING!! Currently there is no way to move a survey to the correct person that the customer is complaining about. If its your survey then its your negative mark even if the customer was not complaining about you.  THE STUCK SYNDROME Because Apple offers such a good pay and good benefits/perks, if you decide that you hate working for Apple, but you don't have a degree or experience to be able to leave the company and find a job that will pay you the same, you'll be stuck. This is exactly what has happened to me. Since working for Apple, I have moved and purchased a car. I thought this was my dream job and that I would retire from here one day. Now I wish I had not purchased anything or moved. That way, I could have at least found another job - still moved and purchased a car based on that income.  When it comes to Apple, please give yourself at least 6 months to a year before making any major life-changing decisions. This will give you enough time to decide if this is a place you can tolerate or even thrive in. For me, it isn't. I'm job hunting as I work.
Compensation level could have been higher
none that can be found
You'll eat at the cafe everyday!
unwritten rules misunderstandings via instant messenger disorganization
Hard to move up in ranks
No cons what's so ever
Work life balance can be an issue
Long hours are typical, but to be expected when driving towards goals. There was very little direction from an execution of your goals. The expectation is that your are smart, driven, and know what to do. A good friend that I worked with described Apple as the 30 year start-up. It took me 6 months to understand and it was the best advice I received.
Salary not as competitive as other companies
feedback can be overbearing at times
The only con of working at apple retail would be the customers. The customers can be a tad bit demanding and cause you to stress a bit
Long hours. Often miss dinner with wife and kids. Mean 65-75 hours per week. Get calls and texts at all hours, expect to answer
You work from home...so you have no real coworkers and time goes by so slowly
Management pretends to "help you grow", some managers put more effort into you than others. Well it's retail...so the schedule pretty much speaks for itself.
Stress, politics, overwork, in-fighting, only people looking for self-interest
The time management there isn't ideal. You find yourself spending more time doing unnecessary things.
Can be extremely busy with customers. Short lunch break.
The job is stressful, just because of the amount of customers seen daily.
Bidding for shifts makes it difficult to plan too far ahead.
No proper guidelines. Make your own pedia
Lack of development, unclear direction, promises of being converted with no follow through
It sometimes feels like I disappear in the crowd somewhat. Some inter-group politics can get a bit much to handle at times. Nothing particularly out of the ordinary or unique though.
Customers are the worst some days
It's not easy doing the best work of your life.
Remuneration is low for highly skilled professionals. The stress is was actually more than being senior project manager charged with saving a $45M project-in-crisis. The low pay, stress level and exceedingly variable hours make it a job that few could manage for over a decade.
a lot of managers grew into sr leadership roles and aren't true leaders. unprofessional in alarming ways. even at director level.
Worst Management Team Ive ever had
Long hours, depending on the group in which you end up, you may find people between the Apple cultist to the cool and easy-going engineer.  In the late years, that spark related to doing something new, got wet due to a more cautious approach to products. There is still a lot of innovation, but the risk taking attitude changed into focusing on something that will sell well first of all.  Also if you end up against one of the senior members or managers, better leave, because you will always end up being the one at fault.
Knowing that I won't be able to support those customers who use other Operating Systems such as Windows OS or Linux variants.
Aggressive co - workers, high stress, long hours.
It sucks to have a retail schedule. I wish my position was more 9 to 5 Monday through Friday. The employees are all very young.
Since it's retail and a fast paced environment, it can be hectic and very stressful. In my role, I had to use limited information at times to address customer issues, which led to some heated customers and tense situations. Although I was able to manage these customers and have them leave feeling better 90% of the time, it still takes it's toll on you and is not for the weak of heart.
Customers are hard to deal with
i was given odd ball hours
Hard to move up due to such a wealth of talent.
Career progression is scattershot at best, and if you start in retail your chances of progressing to corporate are slim at best. Apple seems very averse to promoting from within, so don't expect to move to far up the chain. Advancement prospects are mostly lateral with one to two steps up afterward. Chances of going to management if your not hired as a manager are low. I think at lot of this depends on the store as well. I work in a larger store with a large management team and every so many months they change my review manager, and all of a sudden all the goals I was working on seem to take a 180.
- when you get to a high level at Apple, it's free reign - no one closely watching how rank and file are being managed - lack of professionalism with HR, if you disclose anything they are likely to tell your manager and/or do nothing, based on my experience - management always driving staff to do more but not always clear where or why - silos make organization hard to navigate, it takes at least a year to successfully onboard an employee
I can't think of many cons, I have enjoyed my time there.
Lower level management many micro manage and do not care about employees.  Career paths and being able to move up non existent throughout many areas of apple care. Mentoring is a dead end and several people have worked at this for 6 years and can't get out.
too specialised in a particular field, long working hours during new product introduction
stress related anxiety, horrible customers, and micromanagement
Very hard to aquire a full time position. It was almost like being part of a cult.
More time, energy, and dollars spent trying to convince employees that they're happy, than what it would take to actually make them happy. Turning the retail stores into iOS repair shops, becoming the major purpose of stores existence.
Glass Ceiling for advancement. Next steps are leadership or stay put until you hit the top of your pay band.
No job is perfect, like any other job you'll have to sacrifice time and dedicate yourself to move up through the company. But Apple goes above and beyond to reward these kind of people.
Work life balance is difficult sometimes well working for them
As a part time consultant, I was not part of the main team, although they made efforts to make me feel welcome. I also did not have the advantage of benefits, etc.
constant traveling, poor work life balance
Management, lack of direction, lack of communication, false promise and fueling a dream that does not exist.
Nothing really notable as a con, great work environment. People who give cons to apple probably did not have the passion to work in the tech industry.
You have to deal with a lot of other mediocre people, who complain daily about this or that to no end. They need to realize what an amazing opportunity they've been given. Whiners gonna whine.
Too many managers who lead like they're parents herding children
Projects are very dynamic and goals/deliverables can change on the fly giving you less time to ramp up on the management change.
The hours are hard, and consume most of your day. Poor work/life balance.
They let customers abuse their employees, which causes everyone to die a little inside. I left because the management started seeing their hourly employees as less than people, and they began to disrespect my work-life balance.
there should be an option to not work a weekend day should be allowed more time in between phone calls to recover
Really hard company to get hired for and very competitive to move up. It is rare to have downtime to slow time. Fast paced
Tough Work Schedule and retail shifts.
I haven't experienced any cons
When hired, my schedule was flexible, then new management came in and that changed. The pay is above average for retail, just hourly rate, no commissions or bonuses. So there's no increase of income other than annual raises. Also, to advance its limited, therefore you will need to relocate for opportunities. It's retail and standing for 7.5 - 8 hours a day is required and the only padded area on the floor is behind the Genuis Bar. So make sure you have comfortable shoes.
• No work/ life balance • Poor work schedule and poor shift flexibility • Work holidays and weekends and may close store and then open next day. • Managers full of themselves and do nothing all day • Managers Micro-manage and nitpick so they look good • Feels like a mix of High School & Survivor • No longer required to certify skills so anyone can do the job. • Very few re-usable/ transferable technical skills • Little to no repair time for Genius' • All day at the Bar dealing with customer service issues • High employee turn around especially from Genius team • Lack of Development/ Growth for Genius' • Managers and Leads play favorites for promotions and advancement. • No in-store HR staff anymore. Managers handle HR issues. • No recognition or acknowledgement, but quick to provide critical/ negative feedback. • If you come from a technical background this is like 2 steps backwards because you won't use or utilize many of those skills. Everything is cookie cutter tech. It's like being a drone with lots of repetitive work. • Poor pay in relation to the work and stress involved and the lack of work/ life balance. • Rewarded with free lunch for Record Breaking Quarters while managers get incentives and Bonuses. • Apple Culture replaced in retail stores with NPS scores and daily completed sessions. • Not meant to be a career.
- Work from home. Because you work from home, Apple excepts you to me flexible. They probably see this as luxury or perk. I.e. I worked a 2nd shift schedule and it was completely changed a week prior to the new schedule change date. It was changing due to my team being selected to test out a product. It was completely changing to an much earlier shift. It was an issue as I had other commitments in place and worked a 2nd job. *This happens across the board, happens to several other people I know of.  - Little work for advice: If working from home, there are limited opportunities to advise. All opportunities will be based working in at home call center environment/role. I.e. AHA Tier 2, Team Manager, Area Manager. If you want more up in other areas, it would require a move to CA or TX.  - The job role is stressful: Apple has been ranked the best customer service award for 14+. Although they whole culture is much different than most traditional call centers, their matrix system is out of this world.  - Work days are long: As an AHA you get the opportunity to select from 3 shift types, 4x4, 5x8, 4x10. The 4x4 is where you work 4 hours, take 4 hours off, come back finish 4 hours. You work this shift 5 days straight, with 2 days off. The 5x8 is where you work 8 hours and work 5 days straight, with 2 days off. The 10x4 is where you work 4 days straight for 10 hours with 3 days off. If you work from home, I would highly recommend the 4x4 shift. The calls can be stressful, long, and on top of this you have to meet your matrix. Having the 4 hour break in between the 4x4 really helps. The 5x8 and 10x4 feels like punishment. You pretty much don't have a life working on these type of shifts.  - Shift bidding: Is based on your matrix performance. Matrix performance is based on the following:  - having great surveys based from the customers (this is mainly if you were able to solve their problem), low call handling time (very impossible based on the type of calls have), low after call work time, calling a supervisor for help (the lower the better), call resolution. If you do have good stats based on these areas, your shift selection will not very limited.  - You are monitored like a hawk: They monitor every little thing you do while on a call. They can even view what you are doing while on break and in between calls.  - The Apple perks: I was surprised to learn of the apple discounts offered to their employees. For employees you get 25% off on 1 type of OS X system, 1 type of iOS system, accessories all per year. Employee family and friends receives 15% off 10 type of OS X systems, 10 type of iOS systems, accessories all per year. Also the employee gets a $500 EPP credit towards OS X or some iOS systems, and $250 on lower priced products every 3-4 years. The 25% off plus the $500 or 250 credit is not bad every 3-4 years, but other than that it's still expensive. Especially at an AHA pay rate, when it's your role to know and trouble shoot the product. Look at Google, they actually gifted their employees with their products. Very little discount, nothing to brag about. Apple is very cheap.  - Working OT - Working OT is a killer. You won't get back for OT too if you don't 'work' your 40 hours per week. I.e. I worked almost 20 hours OT and was only paid OT for 7 hours. This is because my 40 hour work week were on days that the department was closed. Still received pay for the holiday off, but because I didn't 'work' my 40 hours, they took it off my OT. Although I technically worked almost 60 hours that week.  They expect you to stay and be a lifer: Because it's 'Apple' they expect their employees to stay and make a life with the company it is build this way at the beginning of training.
Sometimes balancing work and life is hard, but maybe that's just me trying to figure things out
High stress most of the time. Difficult to move up within the company due to the amount of people applying.
Long hours and cutthroat culture.
no consideration for family life- work schedule is completely based on business needs and leave sno room for personal life. You work every holiday and weekend
I personally can't see any cons for this job
Hours not enough hours more hours
It's not unusual for attrition to be the only means for advancement within your given organization.
Retail job so it's good temporarily . Physically exhausting.
Spending too much time in store and not taking time for yourself
Creatively speaking, this place is hellish. They hire people to do one job and one job only. Great creative happens when you're exposed to a lot of different projects and people, not in a vacuum. Apple will make you sit in your sandbox and churn out a huge amount of work for a single thing. And don't you dare look at someone else's sandbox. They live by the phrase "individual contributor". It's not collaborative in the least. This creates a giant divide between creative teams and roles, a divide that can be frustrating, isolating, and overwhelming.  On top of that the management style and structure is a disaster. Prepare for massive insecurity, nitpicking, micromanagement, unrealistic expectations, information silos, finger-pointing, miscommunication between management titles, and all the unfortunately awful qualities so often associated with the dreaded "middle management". Meanwhile the people at the top, who could actually effect change, have earned the right to be blissfully unaware. There are too many people in leadership positions who have been at Apple entirely too long and have little or no experience with other creative work environments. They are stale, ignorant, and arrogant.
can get stagnent at times
it's a lot of work, teams are usually strapped for resources and under pressure to deliver on strict timelines leading to high stress and long hours at certain times during the year.
Demanding, they know they're Apple, and they have a surplus of people. Not really a con but something to think about when applying
Can get overwhelming during the holiday seasons.
You're stuck inside all day long AT home. This is harder than it seems.
- Long hours (10 hours shifts) (you can choose 8 hours-10 hours, but 10 is more common) - Micromanagement, I understand that metrics are the MOST important thing in call centers, but nit-picking your employees on the metrics for every single call makes going to work harder by the day - Very stressful dealing with hold times and unhappy customers, especially in situations that you cannot control - NO FORGIVENESS in the metric tracking system. A lot of times, I feel like it is based on luck. - Schedules are NOT flexible - Low job security (room for very few mistakes) - Very poor Work/Life Balance (sick days, holidays, and vacation time is mashed all together) - Mandatory overtime
- Hard to promote collaboration amongst teams when most of the projects are secretive and you can't talk about them with peers - Work/life balance is non-existent - Very little opportunity to move up in the company
The people they hire are consistently not as diverse as they would have you think. Yes while you may run into many people with beards and tattoos, good luck finding a fellow employee to talk about sports with.
Management can be overwhelming (depending on store) especially if they were hired from outside the company. When transitioned to our culture they lack basic tech knowledge and it's quite upsetting speaking to someone who should know the basics. They tend to come into the store with a machismo alpha personality rather than being themselves and their personality clashes with everyone's in the store.
Can work you to death if you let it, chaotic environment (sometimes that's a good thing, though)
It was a little disorganized, and there were times when it seemed like my boss forgot I existed.
Pay doesn't quite match the level of tech support you provide and the revenue brought in
While development is a focus, Movement/promotion is slow. This particular role lacks clarity and varies store to store. It's a very simple position but so much more responsibility can be given to make an expert feel more like a leader and less like another sales person
No one really owned washing the dishes in the mini-kitchen on the third floor. We had to go out for free lunch, and it wasn't everyday, and it wasn't everyday. Style is too restrictive.
People call and yell at you
because when i got to my internship the manager who was usually in charge of the internship program left, they weren't any specific task for us to do. we get end up being put on very non essential projects. also because its such a large company they have a role for everything so you tend to get lost in the noise of it if you are not careful.
such a great company,no cons ! fun
Some managers are too invested in company policy and hush hush that they forget to cater to their direct reports.
Salary for all you have to do.
Low pay for duties performed
It's a lot of work, teams are usually strapped for resources and under pressure to deliver on strict timelines leading to high stress and long hours at certain times during the year.
Balancing work and life can sometimes be challenging.
Go Apple because you do not want to stay with Adecco for long.
There are a lot of internal meetings, and the work-life balance is very different from Internet companies like Google or Facebook. Also, the company is famous for its secrecy.
Working with the public can be tiring.
Low salaries compared to other high tech companies, complete culture shift from creative & open to bland & corporate. Work/life balance isn't a thing.
Retail schedule (duh), exposure to the lowest of humanity (but overshadowed by the majority of customers who are incredible)
too many NDAs low transparency not flexible on projects
Work life balance seems to be the new norm with any company including Apple.
You have to own your development, but sometimes you need others to help. You have to be proactive in getting those advocates on your side.
I worked in retail, so all of the typically retail cons apply: long, poor hours, middling pay, dealing with the general public, etc.
Work life balance is key
The downside of course is retail means working holidays, weekend and taking a vacation means you're affecting the flow of the store not just your own personal projects. Working part-time is tough, money-wise, and everyone that starts at Apple retail, starts in part-time, and you are able to be promoted to full time.
Horrible customers, low wages. Poor scheduling
Extremely demanding, high expectation 110% of the time.
Highly competitive, overly political, and ultimately retail. Sometimes employees and management can get very petty. Metric measurement isn't necessarily the best yardstick for performance. Each store varies drastically from each other.
Working from home, you can miss seeing people, sometimes I just have to go for a drive when I get off work just to get out of my house.
No one thing I can say I didn't like about working for Apple.
EVERYTHING not listed in pros
The Austin site exists in distinct vertical silos and it is impossible to jump from one to another. If you are unable to find a satisfactory career path within your own organization, you will eventually have to leave the company. Some groups have significant management assistance and advocacy for individual contributor career growth, but others do not. If you are in the latter, you are in a pigeon hole.
Not a lot of scheduled time to complete work related tasks.
retail, busy, hours, location, holidays
Nothing wrong .Just too much work
As a part time employee you don't have all the benefits.
It is hard to move beyond the retail space when advancing in the company.
The company moves the call centers to different states
The company moves the call centers to different states
There is some politics but that is present in every company. Just work hard and try to be vocal about your development
Not enough hours some lazy co workers and crazy customers
Super smart and talented people are complicated to lead, they question stuff (you have to be ready to LEAD, not just Boss). Priorities change constantly, keeping upbeat about more work or new procedures and policies in front of staff requires a "Smiling Game Face". Competition, you have plenty of smart, talented, and driven people that want your job, and are competing for the one you are developing for. You need your "A Game" all day every day, if you can't do that you will burn out.
Stunted Growth by Factors Outside of your Control. Can Take a While to Advance. Lots of Kool-Aid.
It's retail. Retail hours. Retail environment. Retail.
Too many people in management who would stab you in the back to make themselves look good.
Certain Departments (IS&T) can be very different in culture from the rest of the company, long hours, and performance reviews only happen when someone has something bad to say.
None that I can think of.
None that I have encountered so far.
No work life balance and career growth opportunities are few.
It was hard to feel disconnected from everyone and communication is could be better.
have to work hard for full-time
Nothing really bad to say besides that I wish there was commission
It can get monotone really fast
Poor work/life balance depending on department
If you aren't an extrovert, the pace of interactions can be extremely draining if you work in customer support for Apple
Flexible hours so you'll see your weekly hours jump around
sitting for too long. weird hours
It depends on your manager how your experience will be. It can be very stressful or manageable. The company does expect a lot out of each employee.
Entitled customers are the worst. Not all customers reacted in such a manner, but those that did could ruin your day. You worked long retail hours with very few holidays. It was always depressing to see the e-mails to Apple Corporate about enjoying their paid time off, but having to get up the next day for work.
At the end of the day it was still retail
Even as a part time employee, the hours are difficult.
too much international traveling. as much as 75%
Stressful. Lots of politics among the management team.
Hard to move up. Managers control a lot. Schedule can be difficult.
Need More focus on domain Should invest on business analysis
Somehow management consistently makes poor hiring decisions for those in charge of a team, especially in Sales. Major inconsistencies from one team to another, can often feel like two different countries in the ideology of success and who's more important, your boss or the customer.  Of course, always pressure to meet ever changing sales metrics, but no enforcement, and secretly encouraged, to manipulating your metrics for the betterment of the team, and ultimately the profile of the team's manager.  If you're a contractor, i.e. you were hired through Volt, there are times you'll feel like a second class citizen because technically, you are not an Apple "badged" employee and therefore are not allowed to attend certain company wide events and will even be asked to stepped outside during your own team meetings.  Major complaint company wide was always the opportunity for advancement. Pay is less than average and bonuses too small to fully motivate.
Schedule is set for 6 months, but you do get to trade with other is they agree to
Not enough recognition of work, granted it's a retail environment.
Lack of work life balance, salary not competitive with industry, saturated career growth. Company is frugal in nature
MANAGEMENT SUCKED!! Complete lack of vision, never given the tools to properly do job....
the pressure of pleasing management, having to sell the applecare products
Hours can be a little sparse( like every retail job in the winter)
great technology, keep exploring the great genius mind of technology where life can be more simple and more efficient.
Hard dealing with customers.
No money, bad leads, humiliating treatment, no respect,,, ... Apple use people by hiring them indirectly
My manager was a nightmare, and borderline abusive.  I shared, openly, the extreme conditions I was under with this person, and instead of trying to improve things, they instead made things worse for me. I also shared with HR, but that was a dead-end, and I knew I needed to escape the unhealthy conditions I was facing. Every single day was incredibly stressful, and despite my ability to perform at a high-level, expectations were always ever increasing. I always felt exhausted, both physically and mentally, and rarely even had time to run to the bathroom.  The words I would use to describe my manager: * Lacking empathy * Tyrant * Alpha * Extreme micromanager (i.e. would email/message/call/text me every 5 minutes, every single day) * Lacking boundaries (i.e. calls and texts in the middle of the night, regardless of the severity, with an expectation to always respond) * Unable to prioritize * Bully
Becoming too big a company hence Apple culture is getting diluted, bureaucracy is creeping-in.
Evolution not really easy from the client service
-They encourage you to stay past 7 -Limited in terms of impact you create
Inflexible schedule options, more specific career path for those not interested in management. Can be overwhelming if one isn't ready for the volume levels in their retail stores.
great technology, keep exploring the great genius mind of technology where life can be more simple and more efficient.
Hers the deal... This job is a call center. Your calls will be approximately 10-30 seconds between each call. You'll take each call and you will need to make sure you meet metrics on each call. These calls may last a few minutes (Rare) to 45 minutes or an hour. After each one of these calls you will get 10-30 seconds between that and the next call to get yourself together.  CONS START HERE... 1. Not enough time between calls for you to mentally process what you just went through. 2. You will be passed around like a worthless peon between managers and eventually you will land on one who is indeed heartless.  I have seen people stripped of their credentials for NO REASON. Demoted for NO REASON. I currently know at LEAST 10 people who are out on psychological disability because of this position. When I tell you NOT TO TAKE THIS JOB.. DO NOT TAKE THIS JOB...  This job has compromised my family, my confidence and even mental health.  I was a TOP performer in the company. Eventually I was managed out. My metrics were great.. they just didn't want me anymore. So they built a case against me and made a way to get rid of me....  I know you're reading this thinking. Oh it's not that bad... Not EVERY manager is like that. And you would be right! Not every manager is like that.... But...You WILL be passed around and you WILL eventually land on a terrible manager....You are lying to yourself and are delusional if you seriously think that you are going to always have a breezy job here. Especially since most of these new guys are not from the old culture of Apple... These new managers are from this NEW apple the Tim Cook era which is NOT and I want to make sure i'm clear here NOT Apple. I don't know What this company is but i cannot be clear enough..THIS IS NOT APPLE.....The days of inspiring, think different, be the change apple Unfortunately Died with steve. ( This hurts to even type because I loved the company) I've been with the company almost 6 years now and I've seen both sides, and I can honestly tell you that the reviews are right.  WHEN YOU GET STARTED: It feels and seems great! WHILE YOU'RE WORKING: The koolaid slowly wears off and you see that you are still in a machine. One beautifully made and elegantly made on the outside but the internals need work.  Again I stress ... I AM NOT a disgruntled employee, a poor performer, or just pissed at this company. I will admit being hurt that the comany has fallen so far from it's glory days, But that's it. So this review is written with Genuine (OLD APPLE) Care not to see you all waste your time with this new beast that will drain you dry and spit you out.  Wishing you all the best.. and if you do take a job here... GO IN with an exit stragtegy
Management Human Resources(don't rely on them to fix any issue) Schedule hours Development Holidays force to work No life-work balance Client not happy and bad survey, completely your fault
long hours of work, unnecessary internal competitions
Becoming too big a company hence Apple culture is getting diluted, bureaucracy is creeping-in.
Stats and the goals set by the managers are unrealistic, I don't agree and understand the call flow metrics, this is coming from a representative who worked at a call center for over 4 years with awesome stats, they are unable to take off customer surveys even if the survey was not about the call you had with the customer so you get "dinged" for it. Also when you get a call that need to go to the correct department good luck having a representative in the correct department take the call over, they tend to not want to do their jobs.
Cupertino is very political and advancement is difficult.
Glass Ceiling. Some managers are great, some are not. No guidance for improvement.
i have nothing bad to say
Can be a very stressful place to work if you are part of the Family Room as a Genius, genius Admin, or Family room specialist. You responsibility for dealing with unhappy people.
full time during times off school
Working at Apple involves working in a very fast paced environment and there is a survival of the fittest type of set up after training.
Very hard to get weekend days off No set schedule
Would like a higher payscale
May work longer hours on weekends
There are no cons for working here.
No real problems sometimes you can get a difficult customer that needs a answer right away you can always find the direction for them with support software most people are used to a extremely one on one with employees and.
- Walled garden mentality - Too much cheerleading and expectations of product ownership
- Walled garden mentality - Too much cheerleading and expectations of product ownership
Politics can be a bit distracting
Losing its luster. Every day that goes by Apple becomes more of a penny pinching and number focused company.
The job is a great part time job, but if you have any desire to improve your position, can be frustrating due to the lack of upward mobility. It is better than most retail jobs, but at the end of the day, is still a retail job with all the pitfalls that entails.
It was pretty slow at times. We would spend too much time trying to talk to a customer just so they can pull out their android and walk away.
None to mention at this time
Working in retail can be draining, sometimes customers are difficult to deal with, but generally management is supportive in difficult interactions. Schedules can be tough to work around, especially around the holidays.
It's retail so basic customer interaction.
None. Really enjoyed my time here.
As Apple got bigger and bigger, I felt more and more forgotton.
Management, cult like atmosphere, little room for growth outside of store, you're a little fish in a huge pond
The company is growing so quickly that the upper management doesn't seem to have a cohesive strategy to deal with the growth. It seemed to me that they were cutting corners in hiring criteria, because they needed to add so many people in tech support. The fallout from those cut corners ended up falling in the laps of those of us at the senior tech support level: the ones saddled with responsibility in the customer-facing position, the "last person you'll talk to on this issue," (even though we may have had no training on the issue). The upper level tech support became a dumping ground for the issues that management hadn't figured out how to handle. "Best effort" becomes a disservice to the customer, and "whatever works" is a disservice to the employees.
Depending on the market you're in, it's very political. Retail is not for everyone. The FRSs and Geniuses on our team constantly refer to ourselves as overworked and underpaid.
the aesthetics are what drives the work, brand standards prohibit sensical layouts or actions. concrete floors are murderous on our bodes. There is also a discrepancy between roles, and as a person of color moving forward seems to be moot point. There aren't many female or many managers of color in my store
Crazy fast paced environment
Customers can sometimes be difficult to deal with.
Tons of people on a small campus. No parking and lunches are best if you go off campus.
I would say that a lot of the 401 k benefits are for full time employees. Part time does get great event it's as well but full time employees get paid vacation, etc.
None that I can think of.
Scheduling could be far better, but there's no impetus to fix it though.
A lof stress and pressure is placed on you by both dissatisfied and upset customers, as well as the company via NPS scores that the customers give you.
Management sometimes are hired from people that have never worked for Apple before.
The company rewards management for doing well by shipping them off to other less successful locations to increase productivity there. Things change so frequently that it is hard to keep track of things. Company needs to find a more efficient way to gauge employee performance that simply basing it all on customer surveys. An angry person is more likely to take time out of their day to complain about something than they are to commend someone for a job well done. New employees would commonly start out making more money that experienced employees to perform the exact same job. When this is addressed with management, they simply respond by saying "oh the market is tougher now, we have to remain competitive to attract new employees." I have a better idea, reward the people who have worked for the company and proved their worth and offer equal pay across the board for those within the same position. It almost feels like the company prefers the revolving door mentality as they like to bring in new, impressionable employees who are excited to show up to work. This only lasts so long however and the cycle starts again.
Work hours, not enough breaks, constant change in departments, constant competition, entitled customers, base your performance on surveys, too much multitasking
Constant Manager changes. Can be a bit crazy in Call queus
It might be challenge for people to work with unstable schedule.
During the holiday rush things can get a bit hectic in the store. Sometimes people can be rude and pushy when you can't fix their problems right away.
Work for consultants is not challenging
Working in retail is tough, and at times thankless. The hours are irregular, and the job is extremely cyclical, so although you will be exposed to new things day to day, year to year it feels the same.
It seemed like a handful of the employees you work with aren't as technical as you would think. Many don't have to much experience in technology.
Hire too much from outside of Apple in management roles which causes culture issues.
Shifts can be weird, not much to work with unless you have really good KPI's
None that I can think of.
fast pace, sometimes can be stressful
Too secretive between departments always with a suspicion about each other wondering if they are disclosed making it mistrustful environment
Everyone should have the opportunity to work for this company at least once in their career. No cons.
It is somewhat hard to achieve work life balance
Management sometimes has unrealistic expectations. Scheduling.
Management is incompetent. Management is a series of walking EEOC violations. Beware if you are a person of color or a woman, the management staff is extremely hostile and misogynistic and any attempt to speak up WILL be met with retaliation.  If you think you can avoid this by appealing to AppleCare's HR department, that is wrong. They will use every dollar of their team of talking heads to convince you that you deserved that discrimination.  The Enterprise group is notorious for "black-listing" anyone who tries to step outside of their department unless they are a white male who goes to church with the Senior Area managers.
-Poor integration of services with devices -Project management is non-technical and largely just clipboard monkeying -pay is not nearly competitive with other big firms
I did over a million is sales every quarter and then only paid me 32,000 kinda crap
Managers aren't well trained. They don't communicate effectively with staff and seem to not care about a work life balance
It could get really busy at times and calls arrive back to back meaning customers have been on hold for a while so it could upset them but the frequent calls makes the job go by faster
None really. Good company to work for
Depending on the store you work at it can be hard on your body. I hurt my knee and back and because of the demands of standing all day I had to leave Apple. I just couldn't stand all day anymore. On top of that I started to get migraines because of the lights and noise. However, if that doesn't bother you it's a great place to work!  If you want to go further in Apple, basically it becomes your life. They do talk a lot about work-life balance but you end up being there all the time and with the people work with.
Retail hours interfere with life
Very top down, many last minute changes
A lot of work leads to long work days and work weeks.
Culture has changed a lot. Not as customer focused, more number driven. Managers are now starting to talk down to you. Because they feel like they are better than the every day specialist.
The SV company culture talk is ALL talk at Apple, because the powers that be hire "old retail" managers, so you end up dealing with ridiculous red tape, micromanaging, when you just want to do your job. There's a lot of talk in the repair room that would give any HR person a heart attack. It led to a lot of sexual harassment. Management did not care, covered it up when I reported it--one of my primary reasons for leaving.
-Work/life balance can be difficult at times -Many career development opportunities are internationally placed, not domestic -Retaining talent is a challenge in certain areas -If a student, difficult to except other work placements (internships, other part-time jobs, etc.)
It's retail so expect retail hours and retail costumer experiences.
Zero flexibility for work life balance
The customers, the attitude of entitlement
Customers are spoiled and demanding and feel entitled to everything
not much turnover so promotions are rare but worth the wait. long hours but plenty of support staff so time goes by quickly. entitled customers can be frustrating but for the most part everyone is happy to be there.
Retail job with micromanaging managers.
Retail hours, compensation, require you to jump through lots of hoops for promotions
none that i found during my tenure
-No concept of work/life balance, from engineering down to Applecare. -The cult-like attitude is tiresome, and often gets in the way of recognizing real change that needs to occur.
Too caught up in time managment
No training. Be prepared to be thrown into the deep end, and watch your step. They don't go over policies or breakdowns to help you be sucessful
Most product and strategy decisions made at the very top. Not enough engineer resources for systems that help track marketing. Overly concerned about privacy so it ties the hands of marketing and cannot even do the most basic targeting
The company is getting huge and so many internal processes are broken. The world of IS&T is especially challenging to get anything done in a timely manner.  It can also be difficult to maintain a healthy work/life balance.
No life and work balance. Long working hours.
Job can be hectic around holidays
So of the benefits does not make sense, need to go deeper and research
Everyone is extremely smart, which makes it a little difficult because everyone wants to be right. There can be some big egos, but what else can you expect at one of the best companies?  Cupertino is not somewhere you will want to live if your in your younger years. I recommend taking Apple's shuttle and living in SF. The long trip can sometimes take a toll on you because you will get home late, but you can work on the shuttle and take that opportunity to be productive.
Long hours and dealing with people can get tiring
Stressful work environment during the holiday season
No work from home, Rigid
No work life balance. Meetings to prepare for meetings to prepare for meetings. Somewhat of a negative environment and it can be a serious emotional roller coaster.
No work-life balance, little focus on people programs
typical retail cons hours and dealing with really mean or rude people
there were very strict guidelines
hard to get into a second interview
Managers can be fake at times. Everyone drinks the kool aid.
There are no major cons to share. Every place has its quarks. It's just a matter of being the bigger person and keeping your head on straight.
Sometimes there's trouble accessing certain parts of the iOS preferences and there is confusion finding some settings. The battery also skips back and forward.
Scheduling can be difficult at times.
I haven't got paid in a year due to HR screw ups.
To many distractions,no communication
lack of management, lack of team work, policy changes that hinder our ability to help customers
It can be hard work with long hours and weekends at times.
Hard to get promotion to full-time
- Used to be a fun place to work, where you could send your peers a fun "hey you did a great job" award where they could get swag - this has been taken away - No work/personal time balance - Shifts are awful - don't take family into account at all - pay is good but not worth the stress - Favoritism - CONSTANTLY - If you've been working for the department for over five years, you will be overlooked for all promotions and they will be given to someone three-four years your junior (to sound less bitter, they don't take experience into account, only what "yes men" qualities you have) - you are expected to be flexible no matter what the conditions - Constant overtime and very very little incentive to do it - Opportunities for movement are only granted on a limited basis and only for people with (a) a report from HR that you need to move (b) someone that is constantly having lunch with AMs (c) Yes men  - There are actually far too may cons to list - but if you've been working here eight years like this reviewer has - you should have more of a life/work balance for being a good employee and for sticking with the change, instead they stick us with terrible schedules and no life outside of work
Apple new standards to help customers is very robotic. Survey system is pretty messed up and affects your pay, ranking, and job advancement. Team Managers get pulled from the street and put in charge of veteran advisors...big morale buster. Team Managers pick their favorites and reap the benefits of being the teachers pet. The rest get kicked in nards for doing our job. Obnoxious, demanding, unrealistic, mean, foul mouthed customers. They seem to feel that just because they aren't standing in front of you, they can get extra nasty. You have to sit back and take it, even though it gets personal, you have to believe that it isn't.
i dislike the management, which is why this company received 4 stars instead of 5 stars from me. some things can definitely be improved, but i am happy overall.
since its retail the hours are crappy Have to work on holidays
Lots of opportunity and lots and lots of competition. You're best chance at getting into another department or getting a promotion is to know a manager in that department or someone with influence. The training is hit or miss it's a lot of self driving and learn as you go at least on the customer facing side. Management can be hit or miss as well, they don't always recognize the strongest leaders there, I've been in more than one department run by someone with a high school mentality.
The work you to death, the customers are so idiotic, and people get angry at you when they don't remember their own passwords.
- No real glaring issues. Every job has it's downsides. Weekends can be pretty busy and stressful.
hours fluctuate after holidays, some employees do not share your passion and as such bring your ability to convey the proper experience for the customer down
Demanding, not much perks, bad work-life balance, some management very demanding, politics involved
Hours, pay, sales/metrics driven environment.
Scheduling is a joke, management plays favorites, high turnover
Politics can sometimes cause problems
Career advancement and creativity can seem restrained by big corporate feel.
The hours on Saturday are long considering it is every Saturday.
Salary is significantly lower than comparable inside sales positions with other companies (no bonus) // Strangely, the sales/operational support systems are pretty archaic and unreliable // Limited opportunities for advancement (unless you want to move to China) // Business leadership is undisciplined and unit objectives are mercurial
nothing i had not issues
Standing at all times. Hourly wage was relatively low. All in all the work was not too hard or challenging. It's tough to grow into different roles, most people either went the business route or became a genuis.
You have to buy into the culture. If you don't then you will drown.
Truly good managers are hard to come by.
Micro management. not enough training. very stressful.
Workplace politics, cliques, queues are always full with back to back calls, hard to get a good schedule and time off
Contracts does not access to full details about the project. So they are restricted from learning more. Access to certain floor is not allowed
Workload was not proper, due to the prestige you actually get from you job.
The customers can be very rude and it can gnaw at you. Sometimes the managers don't rotate you around to the different areas.
-Misleading concepts, poor positioning, terrible articles, and lies. When I went from iOS to Mac+ I was promised a raise. In time I learned that it was based upon performance not accepting the position. Now I'm doing double the work without a pay increase. Thanks a lot Apple.  -Good trainers, poor training methods by Apple. They have this "Sesame Street" mindset as if we're back in preschool. They stick you in a classroom for 2-3 weeks and only provides the basics rather than the biggest call drivers. It's no wonder why customers become so frustrated in waiting 15 minutes for the most simple answers.  -The majority of Senior Advisors rarely wants to take over the call. They try to put it all on you. Bottom line: it's an "inside vacation" to them.  -In order to gain an opportunity you have to be cool with management and become their lapdog.  -Some team leaders barely want to help and prefer to gossip about people and their personal lives. They even become jealous when you're able to help your peers in a way that they never knew.  -Customers are rude, nasty, and impatient(especially the older folks). They think that they know so much but if they did there would be no point in calling us.  -Major high turnover rate.
poor work life balance, hostile meetings. Be prepared to work late night and weekends. Getting little corporate and political lately
There aren't any cons that I feel are serious
This is a big company with a lot of mature groups. Management handles most non-low level decisions, and often neglects to give senior engineers the information to do a senior level job.
Bad management , Needs to come up with better management skills
i think there is no Cons to work for apple. just do your work get paid and enjoy your life.
Dealing with irrational/upset customers. You can only deal with so much sometimes in a given day, however management is very good at resolving issues and being extremely supportive.
It is definitely corporate, it does not have a startup culture like some claim. That being said its one of the best corporate cultures I've ever experienced. There is bureaucracy but the work is rewarding and everyone I met was very friendly.
Find the right group where you can apply YOUR gifts and talents. Ensure you research before acceptance to know exactly what the landscape looks like.
Large company so changes happen slowly
lots of pressure to produce, sometimes pushing ethical boundaries
Why am I not there any more? Easy - I hit the ceiling of advancement in 5 years. I switched roles (laterally or promotionally) once every year
the hours are not flexible, many limitations
Quick turnaround and long hours
Managers are over involved and try to make the job seem like rocket science.
believe it or not 2016, Apple is a smaller company than you think so, the aggressive customers that are ridiculous. in the areas. cons for customers not Company
Hours hours of overtime
Hours, lack of advancement opportunities
Brand culture can be a little bit too much sometimes.
lower pay than other tech companies in the area
- Staffing often goes to personality and not professionalism
-training and lots of it -little growth
Retail schedules are erratic which some may see as a bonus! Can be stressful keeping up with constant technology hardware and software. Customers can be tough but that is retail.
Hard to find something wrong in a company that is always evolving to make the better experience for the employees and the customers
Politics tend to play into your ability to get promoted or your salary increases. HR tends to favor management over employee concerns. Being under a control-freak boss, I'm constantly micro-managed. Career pathways and structure is a bit murky. Lack of transparency makes it tough to see the big picture. Apple discounts are pretty meh.
Sitting at home taking calls and dealing with customers for hours can be brain numbing and exhausting.
Managers could have some training and encourage new ideas. The company goals are not clear.
irregular hours, retail! change of management every 3-6 months
Chat is 24/7 365 days a week so no break for the holidays for anyone who enters that group
Toxic back of house. If you don't make your goals you are sent to the BOH and you never return to the selling floor.
Can be extremely dramatic and very high pressure the closer to a leadership role you achieve.
hour pay is too less
Schedule changes every 3 weeks. Life and Work imbalance.
work ethic varies at each store I think based on pay. You see some specialists making 9 dollars/hour and some making 15 dollars/hour
Your weekends are spent at the store — which is to be expected with retail.
Long hours and the pay per hour is horrible. Lots of standing in a very busy store. The floor can get overwhelming with customers especially the store I worked at.
It can be frantic at times, not for the faint of heart. The management at my particular store was not effective in their jobs, as they were all salespeople who were promoted (instead of actual leaders). As in any retail job, nights and weekends are fair game for work scheduling. There seems to be a slow decline in company focus from employee (and customer) experience towards cutting cost.
The fast pace sometimes makes for a tough company to work for while trying to maintain a life outside. A lot of meetings with Asia, which results in work at night - some managers are good about encouraging time off, but some are workaholics and expect the same of their employees.
No Work balance and not good benefits
Artificially enforced ambiguity. Lack of career path transparency. So much promise, unfulfilled. Political posturing and insincerity abound.
No cons that I can think of. It can be hard to get a position and then hard to transition to other roles in store, but so worth it.
As with any job requiring you do to customer service it can be very tiring. Average burnout in a call center is just 6 months
You can't really complain, so much is given to you. There is so much opportunity to grow within the company.
Risk tolerance can be low, depending on which group is driving the initiatives.
Can't find one, possibly ability to get updates prior to drop date to have knowledge to assist customers more efficiently....
Difficult to move within the company, little growth within positions
I wish that they was more minority in management position they is a huge unbalance when is come to diversity at apple, tim cook know about it and most of the directors.
Micromanagement of time, breaks, dress code. No help to develop. ZERO work + life balance. Allows tats and piercings but no frayed denim. Is that professional? This is RETAIL, relax.
Management (Leadership). Lots of politics. Lack of communication between teams. Very little feedback or support.
Only true downside I can honestly think of & its depending on what store you work at is that it gets SUPER BUSY, at least at my store it does, and I'm always tired after a 9 hour shift, that's about it, not really a con but I it had a "20 word minimum".
i would not change a thing to the structure. apple knows how to make money work for them and they are able to do so by releasing their products at just the right time to get the publics eye.
Wish compensation was more than whats offered
hard to move up, can be political with advancement but you have to learn to work hard while being the peoples choice as well. No commission even though you'll make the company a ton of money. Apple products pay for themselves but the workload can be overwhelming when comparing to other retailers. they should pay atlas 1% commission or give a bonus. not fair to all the part-time college students trying to do there life best work, while thinking about how they need more hours to afford gas and food.
In comparison to many other tech companies in the valley, Apple is actually a little lower on the pay scale. They make up for it though with many other perks, work life balance and most importantly - you're working for Apple.
Management can be incredibly frustrating. TONS OF HOURS anytime there is a launch or near the holidays. Can be incredibly difficult to get full-time employment. Politics and favoritism amongst the managers can greatly influence promotions to lead positions. Schedules can be incredibly frustrating.
lack of communication between departments
The work environment is VERY stressful. Retail hours make it a lot worse. Feels as if you can't breathe at times because there are so many people in a small space.
I felt a bit lost in the machine... it's a big place.
The expectation on helping as many customers at once effects the customer experience and leads to a unblance review process due to NPS.
Time cards and some politics,
Different ideas of how to "move up" in the company at a retail level
3 point system once hit you're fired. Get a point just for calling out if sick or something. But guess it's okay since its call center driving. Schedule is determined on how well you do with bids
I loved this company more than life itself. I set incredible almost non existing goals for myself that were impossible by any means to reach. Some of them I conquered others I did not. What Apple taught me was failing is okay every now and then. Logically it's inevitable if you are going for greatness in whatever field or craft you choose to innovate. A closed mouth doesn't get fed so why not just except that we have off days sometimes longer rough periods but if you don't withstand to the best of your ability and do a wake up dance and say show me the money. ''Jerry Macguire''
It could be a little difficult balancing work with family commitments at time, although that being said my job was a blast.
nothing keep the work and keep going
after a while it can get boring
Difficult to move up and lack of opportunity for people who really want it.
Sometimes it is too busy and not commission
very repetitive. didn't fit well with my school schedule
Pay is low compared with other competitors. Very cowboy old school boys style management,
Often times felt alienated as a contractor from the rest of the organization.
Sales numbers are not pushed but in reality your numbers need to be top to advance.
Not much free time. Cupertino is not the best place to live. The secrecy culture of the company sometimes feel your a missing the big picture.
Management subpar, especially for the size the company is now, some arrogant staff and managers who need to get over themselves, management of internal support and infrastructure is poor.
Don't feel like we get as much love from management as some of the other companies in the Silicon Valley.
Managers sound like robots, use "apple speak" way too much.
Shift work means usually no set schedule, not always weekends off. can be very hectic, confined spaces, and irate customers
Much of an employees success and worth is measured by sales and numbers quotas. Company policy was to bring new management in, rather then promote current employees.
Long commute if you're not living nearby. Sometimes hard to navigate past a certain level of workflow.
very little interaction with manager
managers don't seem to care deeply about your concerns. they don't seem to actually understand what it's like to be in someone else's shoes.
nothing bad I have to say everyone is helpful
Arbitrary raises and promotions, too spread out and disconnected.
The company is incredibly stingy, management doesn't show interest in developing careers, highly political hiring and promoting.
There are no commission on the sales you make.
- Too much "drinking the kool aid". WAY too much. I hope this is an apt metaphor: Imagine you have an 8oz cup in your hand. They pour a 64oz pitcher of Kool-Aid into your 8oz. cup. Then they pour a pitcher of sugar into the same cup. You get diabetes. The amount of company propaganda is absolutely astounding and excessive to point of being absolutely ridiculous, wherein you feel like a caricature of yourself wearing this blue shirt. This is coming from me, a lifelong Apple fan since 1987 (the year I started using computers). - FAR too much bashing of anything that isn't Apple. Apple has now decided as a company, to compare itself to Samsung and Google, etc etc. It used to decide not to compare itself to anybody. This shows everywhere from development to retail attitudes. - Willing isolation from and ignorance of the rest of the world of technology. Apple exists in a bubble, and those within the bubble are blissfully unaware that any other technology is relevant and useful. I heard one employee say that Microsoft Office is going the way of the dinosaurs. Nobody called him out on this. What dream world is he living in???? Isn't it better to learn Apple's technology in a way that helps it workably coexist with other technology? This is equally as important as learning the Apple ecosystem, which, yes, in itself is amazing. - Training is too general, not specific enough to help sharpen one's technical skill set on a consistent basis. - No ongoing training program to keep your technical skills sharp and up to date. Instead, they offer "Pathways", which is meant to improve your social skills. Great! But isn't that why they hired us to begin with? You have to search Apple's technical reporting system for relevant known issues, which is fine but if you don't (and a lot of techs don't) you usually find out what those are when a customer has a problem and you don't know the answer. One person who happened to look at iDesk might know the answer, but if they're not available, you may end up giving the customer the wrong solution. The signal to noise ratio of important, specific information is a total mess. - "I can't believe they re-arranged the lockers. I'm thinking about quitting now." Everyone joins in agreement. Really, guys? C'mon. Again, as I mentioned in my point about the Apple "bubble", the perception of reality can be largely distorted. Management has to work REALLY REALLY hard to bend over backwards for every little thing. So how much energy do they have left over to make sure their techs are up to date, or that sales staff knows their specs and has good ways of explaining tech to non-tech people? Apple is very big on managing expectations for customers (great, actually!) but could do a lot better to manage expectations for employees. Maybe this would improve management's time and ability to fix some more important issues. - Far too many points of contact for customers. A customer may end up talking to between 4 and 8 different people who may end up telling them lots of conflicting things. Either communication needs to improve in the store or the number of contact points needs to decrease somehow.
bad perk not a good place to work high level of expectation cannot interact with higher authority
No good staff, no room for advancement even when you meet the metrics, very much awesome in training then when you hit the floor, nothing expected ever came
No career path Work-life-balance is not something that's supported
Overnight is really hard in the fifth Ave location and the store is always super busy
The normal cons from working in retail.
The normal cons from working in retail.
Pay isn't that I would have expected. If you're part time they will schedule you to the brink of full time anyway and as full time expect to work over full time hours and very little flexibility with requested days off and vacation. Also, little down time at work, always have customers upset with wait times due to lack of sufficient staffing.
Next to nothing in bonuses since we were a "non revenue generating department" Back stabbing Harresment Siloed projects cliquey
Apple focuses more on how many customers they can see at the bar vs actually fixing their products.
They say that there is in room to grow from withing but they usually always go with outside hires.
Depending on the store, management could care less about your personal growth. It seems forced sometimes.
Retail, which means dealing with bad people here and there.
It's retail, hence, retail hours. It's also tough to move up within the company because everyone is basically competing for the same position.
No cons, great company to work for
Long hours before events but better than overall i would assume.,
Very limited advancement opportunities, inflexible scheduling options, mandatory weekend work hours, mandatory evening work hours, minimally incremental pay increases
The retail side works in a mall.
-it can be a little lonely to work alone at times
People can be very entitled and arrogant. Work life balance doesn't exist here. At my store management is not there for you, worried about their salary and policy
The internal search function is flawed. Search strings that make no sense whatsoever, and are in no real order. Very frustrating to try to carry on a conversation with a customer while searching for a needle in a haystack.
no vertical movement, ambiguous tasks
i have no cons i can think of
non set schedule, i don't have anything else to say
It's still a huge company to work for, and at times you can feel that you're just a tiny piece of a puzzle that ultimately you can't influence.
Underpaid across the board, but especially in rural areas. They did give the entire company a wage to help rectify this, but even with bump my full-time salary was about $28K. It's very challenging work for that small of a salary.
It's huge place to work. You really have to shine in order to get on managers radar for a promotion. May not be a bad deal for some people, but if you're shy, this wouldn't be the best place for you.
Raises are small. Salaries for positions cap.
None really, and just awesome!.
During the holiday season things can get extremely busy. Sometimes customers can get frustrated with you because of the wait time.
The company is very technology focused and that can sometimes affect strategy, cutting out the human aspect. But that is a byproduct of the age we live in as well.
people are too into the culture. I found that some people are looking out for themselves rather for the company. They want to improve their own job status and security.
There are no flex working benefits. The work is very siloed and my management (immediate supervisor) was horrible, but seemed to be getting promotions because regardless of how bad a manager she was, she would get work done (even if it meant causing anxiety and health issues for her employees)
Shift bid can be very annoying. Hard to p I have been very happy.
Out sourcing of some vital positions. Some good people overlooked for promotion. Does not always function as 1 American Express
having to stand all the time was taxing on my back (admittedly this was retail). lack of more sophisticated benefits like personal development and career coaching from HR. I did not feel my immediate manager was in the position to help me fully explore all the possibilities that were available to me at Apple outside of retail.
Hi expectations to always be on
Hard to transfer from a contractor to a full time position
The downside to being a Specialist at Apple is that it's still retail. Though you don't necessarily have to "sell" products to the customers, it can sometimes be very tedious and annoying to act as a troubleshooter when customers don't know how to work their devices.
Can be boring at times. Have to deal with very disrespectful customers at times. Hours can be sparse at times. Scheduling gets hectic.
From level 3 leaders and down to Manager most are cut throat inexperienced managers that are in their positions through relationships and sticking it out from when Apple was close to bankruptcy. Average turnover is 2 years. Recruiters are mostly contractors and will cold face lie to you about bonus and RSU expectations because of the pressure on them to recruit top talent and the average number who do get a bonus is about 50% of the over 150k $ workers.
- Apple culture is not very cross-functional - High visibility for project failures - Very stringent on project deadlines and schedules
Tough Environment. Pay equality is way off even amongst peers
Silos, cross-functional collaboration is lacking. Very flat organizations resulting in limited mobility.
I would say the retail part
Not much going on otherwise
In store politics. Hard to get recognized for achievements.
Dealing with some costumes was a nightmare. They expect you to fix everything because "you're apple" even if it's their fault or if there isn't anything that can be done.
Difficult to move up and become full-time, they look for a lot of part-time staff
The compensation is very average.
no job security and the hours are long
retail hours, especially during the holidays
Difficult making large changes quickly. Maybe this is for the best though, breaking your Mom's phone is something you should take the time to avoid.
Scheduling can be tough sometimes and scheduling managers can 'fall into' the habit of over scheduling you, giving you full time hours if you're part time. If you want the hours that's great, but it's technically illegal for them to go over a certain threshold of hours for part timers. They try to ignore this or get around it very often.
If you're not with the culture and ecyo system of Apple, it's a struggle to stay interested.
Do not pay that much. Do not have much to learn. No upper mobility
with working at home you do not want your internet to go down
Because the stores average about 200+ employees and on average have maybe 2 to 3 openings for growth every few months there isn't enough room to grow. Apple offers career experiences a lot around the globe, however you must be full time to qualify but it's difficult to go full time with so many employees all applying at the same time.
Frigid with time off any time, demanding hours for P/T but zero F/T promotion... just overtime hours. Company policies and employee approach is creepy at times with its utopian approach, and made it difficult to communicate honestly and directly.
Very political. Incredibly difficult to grow. I ended up leaving because promise after promise wasn't getting me anywhere. Very disappointing in the end.
It is a very large company. Every job or promotion that you go for will have 15-20 other applicant's within the market....minimum.  As with any retail the hours are tough and it is still sales. Whats unique with Apple is the crushing amount of business they have in their stores all day everyday. You will feel overworked at times but there is a support from mgt.  As long as you come into the company with these moderated expectations, you'll enjoy the job.
Nothing! The company is the best!
- Retail Hours - Working Weekends - Extremely busy on holidays
The Data Centers are pretty bland and held down. Management are over their heads.
Long Hours, No Work/Life Balance, Rude/Awful Customers, Hectic and Demanding Environment.
It can be very busy and stressful at times, and its important to know that you are working at a retail location which can be very busy. It is also a little difficult to grow vertically within retail locations.
Not always transparent, and difficult communication between the teams
- Work was repetitive - Career advancement can take too long
it's still a retail job.
I really can't think of any. even though it was an internship was hoping it would be a paid internship, but it's understandable.
Boss is the boss, kind of far away from where i live, but it ends up working out in the end.
Career advancement options becoming limited, a lot of external hiring
they are unfair in how they compensate sales personnel
Typical call center job. If you're not used to working in that in environment it will taking some getting used to.
As a leader for Apple, you are always on stage. This honor is a responsibility, a privilege, and at times, quite a challenge. That being said, there is no better way to master the competencies of composure and teamwork.
Its a lot to know. Every product not just the iPhone and in detail.
Bad place if you do not like to interact with people or groups. If you do not embrace feedback you will not fit in.
Everything else. way too stressful
Low pay compared to other fields.
It's retail, you work with the general public, so you tend to have random bad experiences with a lot of them.
Retail hours can be challenges
The company is very Cupertino centric. Food prices have shot up dramatically. You start with only two weeks vacation no matter what you had before. There's not a lot of diversity in the leadership.
Please kind of low but I neglected to do when I resource management is really low I'm not sure if I'm getting the stuff I need to do my job right
no cons really! you own your own development if you work hard you will go far
While working for a good manager is great, working for one who has risen to his level of incompetence is painful. The company is growing faster than its offices.
Schedule, lack of flexibility, leaders
The customers that we deal with can at times be extremely mean, rude, condescending, and down right mean. Other than that, no complaints.
Deceptively competitive when trying to move up. Initiatives and strategies are constantly "evolving" while the culture, internal policies, and developmental training seem almost Orwellian in nature.
it's retail, intense level of customer service, no slow moments, large corporation, limited resources, not enough available hours for part-time employees, not enough opportunities for full-time, a lot of company "politics" involved with promotions
-Don't kid yourself, this is a call center job. A cushy one, but still a call center -Lower management can be somewhat unorganized, but from my experience it wasn't always their fault -Metrics to hit can be somewhat ridiculous unless you are ok with skimming on the experience in some cases -Reaching out to other departments for help/assistance is sometimes met with resistance from people who don't want to do their job -If you work from home, the only upward mobility is to Tier 2 or management/trainers. You will be in a customer facing position most likely unless you want to work in Austin, TX or Cupertino, CA
A lot of people get get worked really hard without much financial compensation. The salaries are better than many places but as the richest company in the world they can do much better
Responsible for bringing in a certain dollar figure per week. The job does not pay anymore than the Experts in the field. Great expectations by the business leader. No advancement opportunities. Moving to another store is not advancement.
High volume of store traffic without additional hiring, political management structure
Can be very stressful dealing with angry-faced customers.
yay job now come to
difficult customers, unreliable hours, retail hours
rapidly changing schedules = no family life constant changes to intiiatives
It's was a good experience until there were scandals and all but oh well that's life for ya. I quit afterwards
Work life balance is a struggle when working in the retail environment. I do receive the opportunity to request time off to schedule events like important school dates for my son and advanced vacation planning but the events that life throws at us are harder to deal with. Anything that comes up last minute is something one would have to call out for and it be counted against you if too many occurrences happen.
Has started to feel corporate & bureaucratic in some places.
Can be very stressful dealing with angry-faced customers.
Managers only care about themselves and the way they look to their managers. No bonuses (unless you're a manager). Overall poor pay vs company wealth.
For the most part, people are great. The managers at the store however are not that well trained and will take assumptions and accusations of employee misconduct by word and not do any investigation
Retail hours. Weekends. Busy busy busybody standard for excellence. Low base pay compared to other sales gigs. Dealing with the traffic on holidays can get kinda crazy.
It is constantly busy. So if you like to always be on the phone then this is great. I like a little it slower paced work.
- working holidays is never fun (although the paycheck after is!) - can be difficult to find quick support for at home advisors working with customers during non-peak hours (closing time, opening etc)
Management acts as if they care but if you aren't one of their favorites it's very easy to get passed over even if you may be the better person for the job. For the amount of money they make every year, they could afford to pay their people in retail better.
Sometimes rude customers that want everything done quickly . Bad hours . Not that high of pay , wished it was higher
No work/life balance, ridiculous goals to meet, schedule is based on a shift bids, would not recommend for some one who loves to spend time with their kids. Even though you're home, you may as well not be.
The schedule changes every 90 days and you have to bid for your shifts. You never really know what you're going to get, so it can be somewhat difficult if you have children. You are most likely going to be working Saturday or Sunday.
- some training for technicians was really broad and not helpful at all when in an appointment with a customer - technicians learn the most in the "sink-or-swim" mentality.
there are no cons to working for apple
Treated mostly like a number.
- As a "contractor" through a staffing company, my pay was very low. It wasn't even over 30K - Many of the people you will have to consult/escalate/transfer to within the company can be quite rude although you will also find some truly great individuals. - You get the sense that management feels like they're herding cats which often offended me and eventually led to me seeking employment elsewhere. - As I had been pursuing my education in networking, I didn't feel like there was any opportunity whatsoever for me to move into any other IT or networking role within Apple outside of phone support. - Lots of required overtime
Be ready to work, work work...it's no joke. At one point, I was wearing three hats and had no work-life balance.
Go in with the job level you expect to have for a very long time, if not forever. Apple doesn't promote much from within. I've heard managers joke that hiring is like playing fantasy football and you can pick whomever you want from the outside. As a consequence the trend is for pre-existing employees to have less and less on their plate, to the point they loose transferable skills.
It's retail hours so work life balance is always somewhat of a struggle. Working in tech support would be nice if it was separated from retail store.
The management has many miscommunication within itself and it's employees, terribly over compartmentalized.
It's a retail job, unstable hours/workweek, standing all day, having to deal with unhappy customers, having to take breaks when they say you can take a break
Super long hours to spend at suppliers to ensure production schedule and deliverables.
The pay. Everything is pretty kosher except for the pay. There is only high turnover because people want more money for their work.
You are required to work on the weekends.
Lots to keep track of, I.e. Conversation journals, emails, retail me, concierge. Not a lot of direct communication with managers.
Unruly customers at times
constantly changing product information and tech specs. Customers very upset when you aren't aware of all new updates
It's retail what can I say.
Feels like a small company in a big company
Management just wants to make store seem big with tons of employees who are part-time. Full time is out of the question unless you have seniority or are good at business intros. Company just tries to make you feel good with some good benefits and stock programs. Don't believe the hype. Find a better job if possible.
long hours of work. extensive mount of travel in Asia lots of managers hire their own relatives Married managers with kids hooked on prostitutes in Asia and thats their motivation to travel to Asia  Senior Directors are like the God and everyone fallow what they say even if they are wrong.  No career growth within Ops. Ops managers block employees growth because they are so depended on their direct reports since they are busy with hookers in Asia
Work/life balance, stress, working hours
Micromanaging, scheduling is absolutely horrendous, good luck having a social life. This really needs work and COULD possibly be changed.
Policies frequently change so consistency is a little hard to maintain.
Cant think of any, i've enjoyed my stay.
ZERO work/life balance. The schedule changes every 90 days
It's difficult and the food there sucks and like the bosses there are mean and aggressive and people get in trouble too
Too "cult of mac" ish. Most of the new hires were weirdly ecstatic about being an Apple employee and getting hired... "I love working for Apple! OMGosh I LOVE MY JOB!! oh em gee APPLE is the best!!!" all that nonsense just felt too "drink the koolaid" for me it started getting creepy. It's a job like any other... stressful helping customers with minimal knowledge of the products they buy and no flexibility... a job like any other. Chances to get time off but still you're tied to your chair watching the beautiful sunny days pass you by more than not.... ask for too much time off and they wonder if you want your job or not. A job. Like any other. Didn't want it in the end.
Lack of support given to positions that were non-customer facing/back office. Lack of transparency allowed to management overseeing of the fraud groups to run things according to personal likes and dislikes with disparity to Apple's HR policy, the gospel, for customer facing positions.
Retail environment can be tough for those without patience, can be demanding work at times.
- Not easy to move around
pay isn't enough to deal with HEARDS of people day in and day out. No compensation for speaking multiple languages. Managers tend to be VERY arrogant and smug and seem concerned primarily with their own development and advancement. Schedule is very erratic because all they do is press a button to do the schedule for 350 people. not extremely flexible with availability. Full time is a promotion, unless you're a newbie off the street, then they'll give you full time (or any other position that should be given to someone that actually has worked for the company for a while.) there's 3-4 positions open at a time for 350 people to compete over. Plenty of "carrot in front of the horse" behavior when it comes to advancement.
I rode the free bus to work every day for two years and never got so much as a hello from any colleague. Everyone is just miserable it seems. Location in the bay area is dull. IS&T dept fosters culture of complacency and non-innovation
It is still "retail" so customers with bad attitudes. Micromanaging is sometimes a thing. I know that I could never keep this as a career job simply because the pay does not allow it. Sad but true.
very intense competitions in the company
work related politics may be toxic.
I personally don't can't find any negatives working with Apple. Maybe a better discount!
Having to drive across town
It would often take a long time to get permission to try out a feature or use a specific tool, by then you usually have moved on.
On you feet a lot. Prepare to invest in good shoes and orthotics.
its a competitive work environment.
Too many people crammed into limited space. Efforts to minimize this by setting up people in open office spaces impacts productivity.
It can be very demanding at times. It really helps to become self motivated.
There is not much to complain about.
Hard to move up in High-Market locations
working at the mall sucks
the entire experience was awesome
Working from home can get old, especially if you stay at your house after work. I had already known 80% of the things they talked about in training so it made those weeks extremely boring at times. They keep everyone involved in training by have "ice breaker games" and things like that (Again this can be a pro or a con depending on what type of person you are). The people that call Apple Care are often "technologically challenged" and it can make the job frustrating at time, however I talked to many very intelligent and interesting people as well. Hours during training are not flexible.
Hours for part-time employees vary widely.
Perhaps the culture of secret per moment !
Angry customers, politicking to move up
long working hours, sometimes overnight shifts. Besides that everything is perfect
Can be a little clicky at times.
Working from home can get old, especially if you stay at your house after work. I had already known 80% of the things they talked about in training so it made those weeks extremely boring at times. They keep everyone involved in training by have "ice breaker games" and things like that (Again this can be a pro or a con depending on what type of person you are). The people that call Apple Care are often "technologically challenged" and it can make the job frustrating at time, however I talked to many very intelligent and interesting people as well. Hours during training are not flexible.
long hours, overworked employees. apple is notorious for overworking its employees and they can easily burn out
If you're just looking to make some extra cash on the side but don't really want to grow with the company, this job can feel extremely demanding for a part time gig.
If I had to choose something negative, I would say that schedules can change unexpectedly which can be inconvenient, however it's not a big deal. I like to remind everyone looking for a job, that there will be parts of ANY job that you don't like, it's just a matter of finding one good enough to deal with those downsides. And Apple has so many positives that outweigh the bad ten fold.
I have nothing bad to say, perhaps just advice or a tip for the company. Follow Sweden and Norway and have better vacation time. Apple is wonderful, but with many if not all companies in America they don't have much as far as vacation time goes. The longer you stay the more you have.
Hard to move up in the sales dept.
Very top down management, wish it was as good as it used to be
very tight schedule, work flow is not solid
Sometimes the hours and work load would be rough, but that is to be expected at a top tier company
The personal discount could be better. Especially with how much Apple makes, a bigger discount would allow us to really experience mostly every device and really be a promoter because we've used it and loved it and now we want to express how much to our customers.
Silent culture of expecting you to work late with no compensation. Expected to be happy to have a job rather given recognition. Poor morale. Institutionalization of staff.
I have nothing negative to say about this company
Long hours, and hard to get desired shifts. No real room to grow after becoming T2.
Sometimes the managers would schedule me on days where I did not want to work, but other than that, the management was great
They were not nice and they were mean and even though I got payed I didn't get payed that much
so few, hard to mention
Lots of work. HR still try to low ball you. But they WILL pay you more than your previous employer.
This particular position, the At-Home Advisor, is extremely stressful. The hours are long and they always want more. There are many variables that impact your overall performance that are out of your control.  If you want to work this job you need to first ask yourself, how much stress are you willing to put up with.
Spoiled customers, people are entitled and do not care to learn how to do things (older generation). If any issues with the younger generation, is they don't understand that they do have to pay for their damaged device.
Treat contractors like disposable assets with no intent to hire perm.
Discount on products, vacation time
While there is opportunity for growth, it's is seldom and short lived. They usually don't promote within the company instead they bring others over.
Retail, retail, retail, retail, retail
Can be repetitive and template match style of work over time.
Zero work/life balance in retail with no consistency in schedule. Opportunity for advancement in position is a struggle and extremely competivie as well as political in some stores. Focuses more on customer experience and very little on employee experience. Extremely fast paced and stressful. Lots of learning on the fly
none that i can really think of.
Managers are more involved with sales and tend to lose touch with what happens with the repair technicians. In short this is also caused by having too many managers.
The pay slightly beats industry standard which can be very difficult to live on in Silicon Valley. This can be easily mitigated with two partner incomes.
None at the moment. Maybe in the future.
Extremely inconvenient and unpredictable hours makes in near impossible to plan ahead to have a stable life. Strong favoritism from upper management results not only in difference in leniency but also in pay.
Do NOT start at Apple Retail expecting to become a Creative. Not gonna happen. It took me three years of trying very hard (and a lot of luck) to get there.
I don't have any cons for Apple
No cons that I've found!
contractors are considered goods and can be discharged in every moment
- Can be lonely - Can be challenging when you don't have the proper tools
Not enough room to move up, lateral moves are more common than upwards.
Some are overlooked for hard work.
None! It can take adjusting for those not used to corporate life, but I loved it.
My only complaint is that Apple is hiring so rapidly into my department that we all have to share an office with another employee. Perhaps when we move to the new "spaceship" campus I'll get a private office.
Low pay Bonuses hard to get
Sometimes a decrease in salary
Managers were full of themselves. They did not promote from within, as much as they told us otherwise. Only real chance for investment was to transfer to corporate. People threw ipods at me because I told them liquid damage made it out of warranty.
Haven't found any Cons as of yet.
It's a call center. Every detail of your day is micromanaged. You only get 6 minutes to use the restroom during the day. If your break is over 15 minutes, there is a conversation.
Crazy, no vacation days, burned out, no long weekends, work culture is really all About work. No fun to be have.
It's a call center. Every detail of your day is micromanaged. You only get 6 minutes to use the restroom during the day. If your break is over 15 minutes, there is a conversation.
Not much to say, I love my job
Always have to sharpen the skills to keep pace.
Strict attendance policies, not a lot of respect for personal emergencies, employees are constantly in fear of losing their job due to attendance policy.
Crappy upper management. Everyone is willing to step on each others heads to get over you.
You still have to deal with the general public. A lot of pressure to know everything.
Terrible work hours. Gets very busy.
Work life balance, I ultimately left due to most of the tech sector offering a better work life balance of a M-F 9-5
Apple is growing rapidly so space is become a bit of an issue in some buildings.
Paired with a terrible staffing agency that refused to increase our pay with our promotions despite the promise Apple gave.
As a contractor you feel that you are in high school and your opinions do not matter at all.
Hard to advance if hired in at entry level. Lots of promises but no follow through. If you transfer to a new store you're treated as new no matter how many years you've been with the company.
Retail life = no free weekends
crazy, demanding hours. job duties that don't apply to the design industry.
Management is cut throat. Many lack significant professional management experience and people skills. Ethics of management is hard to find when dealing with hard working employees.
60+ hour per week, work all weekends, do not receive same benefits that other Apple employees do, management is sub-par, not all co-workers have college degrees.
•Extremely unprofessional •Extremely closed-minded •Extremely incompetent •Extremely poor communication skills with management •They do not care about someone's livelihood
Incompetent manager and HR. "Don't we all wish we don't have managers".
Training on internal procedures is haphazard and lacking. It's easy to get product knowledge from the web, but procedures can't be found there. I'm not even sure they can be found anywhere! I sometimes got conflicting answers to my questions in this area.
Still working at a call center.
Schedule fluctuates often, have a variety of roles you may not like not always promoted on merit. Some rules kinda suck
It seems that each year the Apple Store becomes busier and busier. This is a good thing... Except that Apple is SUPER slow to add head count and hire additional help. Moreover, I feel that the culture within the company is becoming too corporate in that employees who are outside Cupertino or Austin hardly have a chance to influence the direction of the company, and every minor transgression is tracked.
You would be working for the worse product developer in exsistance I wouldn't recommend working for this company to anyone they just need to crash and burn already
Hard to get full time
Apple venerates functional expertise, and therefore micro management to get things 'right'. Fortunately and unfortunately, this is how Your job is very well defined and it is not encouraged to explore new areas without completely mastering your deliverables. Your work is heavily scrutinised and micro managed.  Opportunities to be pro active and push for a change are very limited in regional roles.  Processes are very manual and tedious. At times you will have 4 people + a manager working on the same thing, to ensure there are no slips.  There are lot of new managers rotating to different teams and have no idea on performance evaluation. Some of my colleagues have had sour experiences with their micro-management and left the company. There is no forum where you can raise issues against your acting manager. Your manager is the only one responsible for your career development.  Apple hires a lot of MBA folks from top B-Schools (mainly ISB and INSEAD) to do very mundane job involving lot of micro management. Career development opportunities are very limited for a junior level analyst (typically fresh out of school/1-2 yrs experience).
too much demand for services.
It can definitely be hectic, especially on weekends and holiday season. There are also limited full time positions, at least at first.
Performance-based, customers can determine your success, so you must be on top of your game throughout the day.
Like all center, the customers are a challenge, but its very manageable. Time off could be a little more convenient though
Very secretive and long recruitment process
Too Much travel, other than that not much else
Can be very political if you pay attention
1. Lies. All lies. Beware Electrical Engineers as there is no such thing as electrical engineering (designing/developing) job here since it is an Apple repair center. The temporary agency/ manufacturing/repairing companies which work at this Apple facilities- will tell you one thing at the beginning and will make you do completely different things. I think Apple knows this but still allowing this to happen. 2. They take advantage of people's misery. Lots of new college grad especially who are international students are getting job here in order to keep OPT 3. They will make you work long hours. Sometimes 12 hours a day without paying overtime. They will tell you that you are an exempt salary employee and you have to finish whatever you have left. 4. If you are hired as a contractor, be prepared to get a huge amount of your paycheck get deducted even after tax cuts. 5. You will be sometimes doing operators' job even if you are hired as an engineer because operators are not adequately trained. No one in fact has time for that due to the high volume of the production/repair line. 6. If you are an electrical engineer, run away from this place as you will forgot what you learn from electrical engineering to interview somewhere else, IF you work here for too long. 7. The schedule is a bit odd. 8. A lot of Chinese/Taiwanese people in these facility directly coming from China/Taiwan and they play favoritism. They even talk about you in-front of you in their language. Very unprofessional and rude. 9. The security is too tight and sometimes disruptive to your work specially if you are in a hurry.
never enough staffing, 1 person doing 3 jobs, favoritism sometimes apparent
Mentally draining, always busy, but really not much. It's a great career path.
Work/Life balance is something talked about but not followed through with. Typically the reason is "per business needs" when requesting time off. I was also asked to move Dr. Appointments to fit with various lock outs for vacations or time off
Hard to move up. There are still office/store politics you have sift through. In my role breaks and schedules were pretty structured so not much flexibility there. Emphasis on sales and this would be OK if they were more upfront about it. You won't advance with poor numbers.
Open seating for pretty much everyone below director. Mildly cultish. Despite "honest communication" being a primary value, it doesn't really happen. There is a lot hush-hush, especially about problems. Too much deference to management, especially with the run-up in stock price which leads to too much fear of asking the hard questions. Because hardware is the primary focus, there is a cultural lack of understanding about how software development works, which is almost universally frustrating to software engineers.
You plateau very easily, extremely difficult to move into any management roll. Pay is good up front, but very hard to advance from there.
Bad hours. Low pay. Lack of positive feedback. Hard to move up
Shift scheduling, performance strongly tied to metrics
-work hours were very unforgiving at times. scheduled to work on weekends leading into a full week with only one day off to break the schedule -no visible upward mobility within the job, either you'd stay as a remote call center rep, or you'd graduate to being a call center mentor -high stress if you are not prepared for full time on the phones -live and die (figuratively speaking) by statistics and caller reviews which can be fairly given out, or unfairly -at times, the reference software would freeze and crash while assisting customers, which leads to longer call times -general feeling of odd complacency with working in the remote call center among coworkers, simply because "it's Apple we're talking about"
There are a lot of customers
Working every weekend and sometimes you have ridiculous hrs.
Paranoid management, disrespect, constant tension, and long hours . Do not apply in these jobs : gas gauge SQA and thermal SQA it is the worst teams with the lowest level managers you can work for litteraly it is a gang they will screw you and they enjoy doing that
Managers were poor in most cases. There was not a lot of career advancement opportunities.
shifts can change frequently, place WAY too much emphasis on metrics above customer satisfaction
All in all it is still retail and you will put up with some grumpy customers. But then again, there are some that absolutely love you for fixing their phones and will offer to buy you lunch or bring you candy or even just give you a hug.
Customers can be brutal Metrics are tough Not great pay Difficult to manage while in school Customers review you
Hard to move up within the company in Miami.
Hard to move up within the company in Miami.
Hard to get extra hours and sometimes a long interview process. Otherwise, it's great job and I wouldn't work for any other company.
The lousy customers, other than that nothing off the top of my head.
Customers can be very demanding, making interacting with them trying at times.
I have worked at five different stores in a variety of roles. There are lots of tenured employees who have lost the initial spark. Each store has quite a few of them. They are cynical and negative people who bring down the rest of the team. Many feel like they have no choice but to stay with Apple because of the pay and benefits. Apple should take a page from Amazon's book and offer unhappy employees a "buyout" program, so they can leave the company in good terms and use the capitol to start something new.
It's easy to get complacent and lost in the huge employee base. Every store can have up to 100 employees. I think that their business model could still use some tweaking in regards to what they offer businesses. I was involved in a few product sales for businesses and the offerings were kind of a joke. They do not have enough sales relationships with universities and schools hence why IBM and Microsoft own much of that market.
-The amount of Work that is expected
intense work, a lot of non-sense work
Wasn't big on the position. If you are very customer service oriented this is the place for you
Have to work weekends in Specialist role
I have worked at five different stores in a variety of roles. There are lots of tenured employees who have lost the initial spark. Each store has quite a few of them. They are cynical and negative people who bring down the rest of the team. Many feel like they have no choice but to stay with Apple because of the pay and benefits. Apple should take a page from Amazon's book and offer unhappy employees a "buyout" program, so they can leave the company in good terms and use the capitol to start something new.
Typically high volume, be prepared to work in a very demanding retail job. Your experience will vary greatly from store to store, and it is all dependent on having a capable leadership team.
It's easy to get complacent and lost in the huge employee base. Every store can have up to 100 employees. I think that their business model could still use some tweaking in regards to what they offer businesses. I was involved in a few product sales for businesses and the offerings were kind of a joke. They do not have enough sales relationships with universities and schools hence why IBM and Microsoft own much of that market.
With intense growth there will be hiring and promotional decisions where compromises are made because there simply isn't enough people available. In the balance of quality (which stops shipping) and shipping (which can compromise quality) the company in recent years have slipped more to the shipping side, while under SJ it was securely on the quality side. Something to watch out for.
Lots of red tape and lots of politics to deal with at times.
Metrics are not all that reasonable with call flow
Work Life balance during season
Stop bringing management talent from outside, nature your loyal and knowledgeable internal talent who love the company.
work-life balance isn't optimal, lots of managers who are too young to really know what they are doing, parking can be tough sometimes,
No work life balance unless Apple is your life.
no cons at this time
So far, so satisfied with what Apple offered
So satisfied with what they offered
There's not much growth in the retail level but with the oppurtunity one should consider Career Experiences. But keep in mind, opportunities are limited and company wide.
it's a retail job. if i only worked weekdays 9-5 and no holiday craziness, i'd go back in a heartbeat.
Deceptive management/training, told during training that flexing up to full time would only last a couple weeks but was untrue-- turned out to be mandatory overtime lasted over half a year with a full time schedule that was out of your control. Told that you have 100% call control, if 100% call control means having to follow a guide to do forced and scripted scenarios with management and told to use those same scenarios over calls (forced empathy is most uncomfortable) thats a shame. Told that you could do lateral movement to departments after a year of employment....out of the 20+ or so out of my training class only 4-5 survived the burn-out 1 has moved to a Senior Advisor role and the rest are stuck in whatever call que Apple puts them in against their will.  High burnout rate, If you look at AHA reviews on Glass door 80%+ of them haven't been with the company longer than a year and most are fresh out of training/nesting where they hype you up so much for how awesome the job is but the new car smell wears off after about 5-6 months of getting beat up on the phones.  Direct team management is hit or miss, some will take credit for something they had nothing to do with. (I contacted HR about 2 different issues and both took credit for a decision in my favor AFTER I contacted HR). Some will openly pacify and lie to you out job openings within the company and give you false direction then you call them out on it and met with more lies and deception.  Direct support while on a call is a joke, you either fumble on the call for 30+min and get a bad stat. Escalate to a Tier 2 Advisor who rarely wants to take the escalated call and get a bad stat or you put the customer on hold for 5+ min praying someone will answer you question in chat which NEVER Happens. Don't bother asking your team manager either, lunches...personal breaks, real life issues and them just not being there the majority of the unsavory hours and times you work (i.e Nights and weekends).  Initial training was fine, it was paid..in depth and had multiple mentoring sessions with great Q&A and lasted well over a month. Getting trained AFTER That is a joke, read some articles and self guided learning and lead you to the wolves, its a disaster and your performance will suffer and feed into any uncertainty you had about getting into your "new" role as well compounding your new found dislike for the proceedings.  Apple HIGHLY...HIGHLY advises not to talk about your job with anyone during your training courses, they even suggest not putting it in facebook. Its really a cleaver tactic not just to save themselves the rumors that float around major tech forums/websites but sites like these where people get scared to leave bad reviews on sites like Glassdoor. Nobody will care about a glowing review about Apple but they might think twice about leaving a bad one because of what they saw in training...well played Apple.  Company discount, you get a fair % and cash discount once every 3 years. Outisde of that its a joke--they want us to be proficient in the equipment we are supporting but they can't give us a device at cost once a year.  Work/Life balance is a joke, if you are right out of training get ready for some of the worst schedules you can imagine. Nights...weekends, you name it. With stats you can juke it can improve some but you are going to have to work a full shift on a weekend none the less more than likely.
Hard work. Mean customers. Some managers would blow you off.
opportunity to move from retail/business to corporate is nonexistent
Glassdoors everywhere, You can see where you want to go, but you have to work for it.
Have to attend daily meetings that are aimed at sales people, have to listen to "motivational speeches" from some managers who think they have to constantly push people to be more productive by talking a lot, some customers are frustrating (they want to solve their inability to organize things on their computer), pay is low compared to other tech support positions.
It is a very busy environment. It requires good multitasking skills. Also, the customers can be very unhappy.
must be very up to date
retail, retail hours, lots of initiatives all the time
Typical retail cons, nothing more.
money and the lack of it, is an issue
Not enough movement in the company. I would have to stay there for more then 2 years for anything to happen
Low pay but hey you are working from home. Done get too lazy!
Wages are not competitive and are given in a blanket sum to college students. Yearly wage increases are non-negotiable for college students and are barely discussed before being given.
work life balance is not so great
Hard to get communication at times with large teams.
Intellectual property agreement turns me off a bit since I like working on side projects, but it is what it is.
In a company this size, there are bound to be some people who don't manage well or have abrasive personalities. They generally don't last long. There are hundreds of opportunities here for anyone to find the job and manager that will allow them to do the best work of their life. When you find that place, you'll never want to leave!
complex internal systems and too many support teams that have inconsistent communication
Somewhat lack of direction.... no clear path to promotions/management level roles - Very heavy metric based performance reviews
Not much opportunity for growth, no money for team activities or holiday parties
Fast paced Not much interaction with co workers You have to be the type of person that truly cares or you will burn out
Only part time, no additional hours to get
Work schedules change weekly, inhibiting even an average work-life balance.
Just didnt enjoy doing customer service over the phone
Density of store crowds could induce PTSD. Pay not quite commensurate for the value provided by employees, who have to endure and handle a lot of stress when the store is busy. Shift scheduling is highly variable/irregular.
The sheer headcount lends to the high likelihood of duplicate work. Due to the gestapo-like levels of secrecy, it makes it pretty difficult to obtain access to peer groups and services. You'll also see TONS of politics and power struggles, especially when you try to cooperate across functional areas. Lastly, high levels of talent occasionally means you'll have to accept near daily doses of elitism, holier-than-thou personas, and sheer "douchiness." Perhaps it's just an overcompensating Si Valley thing. YMMV.
- Apple "brainwashing". Managers tried to make it seem like working at an Apple retail store is better than it actually is. While it is a great job for those who have a passion for retail, it is still retail, which isn't for everyone.  - Busy work such as cleaning screens and organizing the store.  - Managers pushed metrics too much sometimes even though the position is not commission based.
customers, no commission, resetting passwords
It is a great job for a young kid with no family - i.e. college student etc. However, not so well suited for those with family, kids etc, as your schedule can change often and you have little control over what hours you may end up working. For example, I had 730 to 630pm CST for six months, and then got reassigned in the next shift bid to 12p to 9p with only tues and wed off every week. Worked either Saturday, Sunday, or both every weekend for three years. Also had to work every Christmas AND Thanksgiving for three years. Two or three times a year there is mandatory overtime, to the tune of anywhere from 8 to 20 hours EXTRA per week.  If you are ok with these kinds of expectations, go for it.
Long working hours and high stress level
Too much favoritism. If you are not kissing manager butt the performance you put out gets little acknowledgment
My only complaint is that Apple is hiring so rapidly into my department that we all have to share an office with another employee. Perhaps when we move to the new "spaceship" campus I'll get a private office.
didn't make the cut - tough to stay on with such rock star teams
hard to get promotion like most companies
Arguably should be paid more for the level of importance to the company in customer retention, repairing relationships, etc.  Very fast paced and demand is always high. Can get stressful doing customer service for extended periods of time.
It takes quite sometime to get a full time job.
It is very difficult to get promoted in Technical Support. Each opening has hundreds or thousands of people applying for it. Everyone in the company is top notch, and its very difficult to stand out in the crowd. The pay is lower than what other companies pay for similar services.
Caustic corporate culture values noisy schmoozers over people who like to buckle down and work hard on technical problems and actually do something of substance.
Completely changed after Steve was gone All corporate micromanagement
I would say the same would apply to many technology companies
It still is a retail store. Tough hours, customers can get annoying, and pay really is not that great based on what I could be making elsewhere.
You must accumulate sick time and time off. Make it very difficult when trying to go somewhere on spring break or anywhere during the summer as your work full time in the summer. Apple takes individual metrics and performance very seriously.
After a while, you get burnt out. The days begin to feel hollow and repetitive. Customers are the worst because they are unreasonably needy and verbally abusive. Apple enables this behavior by doing whatever they can to shut up the loudest complainer, even if that means giving away free product to them. Near the end of my tenure, I dreaded going to work.
AppleCare is a weird part of Apple. The hiring practices aren't what they used to be. You used to have to come from retail or have technical/customer service experience. Now they're hiring people straight out of high school with little-no experience. Management in AppleCare doesn't always have a level of experience or education that commands respect, IMO.
nothing bad to say about the company. great time.
Priorities and time management can be better
No growth. Managers can take you for granted
Moving to other roles in the store can be slow and frustrating if management don't 'like' you. Retail hours can be anti social. The pay is not the highest in the industry.
After a while, you get burnt out. The days begin to feel hollow and repetitive. Customers are the worst because they are unreasonably needy and verbally abusive. Apple enables this behavior by doing whatever they can to shut up the loudest complainer, even if that means giving away free product to them. Near the end of my tenure, I dreaded going to work.
Politics, work pressure, no career growth
Pressure cooker and a sweat shop
Your store's attitude largely depends on the Lead Manager and can drastically vary from store to store. Depending on the month's focus goals can vary from one extreme to the next.
boring job, little new learning
Change is continuous, so continuous it can be frustrating and you have to be extremely flexible. There is also a bottle neck on getting up into management positions.
Customers from Marin who are entitled is the only negative thing you'll experience while working here everyday. Even though some corporate Apple people think that "all Apple customers are the same - they demand the best", Marin customers are a whole different breed. Visiting stores have seen and experienced it.
What cons? NO cons at all.
Everything changes so fast that leadership can sometimes be on the wrong page. If you address it to them, though, they change immediately.
Work/life balance periodically gets skewed during deadlines, which can get stressful. Opportunities for career advancement are not always provided and many managers are too eager to "build empires" rather than focus on making their existing direct reports more successful.
Because it is a retail job, the time commitment can be overbearing at times.
Work-Life Balance is Zero. Your only friends will be who you see at Apple.
Over staffing, cramped work environment, overcrowded stores, rude and crazy customers...
long hours, living cost high near company
There really isn't much to not like. You get go work from home in customer service and make decent living. If you can't handle the heat stay out of the kitchen. Right?
Apple seems unable to keep up with amount of traffic at retail locations. Difficult and impatient customers at times. Upper retail management not from the tech industry. Too many hires for management from non tech retail.
Growth in the retail side is slow and frustrating, if you want to move up in the company be prepared to wait and don't expect a huge raise.
The hours can sometimes be a pain, you must be flexible. Sometimes the people you are trying to help can be a pain, as with any retail job you must be flexible with the costumer
A lot of work, and others things
Work life balance and interview process
Only Indians work here. Feels like in India. Learn about all the Indian companies. h1Bs and L1bs. Rare to see a US citizen.
Pay is ok, barely enough to live in Southern California. Many coworkers that get away with sub par quality work and frequent call outs.
Long hours on concrete floors. It's nearly impossible to get a full-time position. Career opportunities only kick in for full-time positions.
long hours. Old school when dealing with processes
Micromanagement by the leadership team, high theft due to it being a mall store near schools, mall food sucks, non-consistent schooles.
Work life balance suffers due to long hours, lengthy international trips and round the clock con. calls and meetings. Frequent burn-outs after long and demanding product ramps.
Lots of stress, minimal pay, difficult to move up, competitive market.
Long working hours and extensive meetings
Crazy busy. Overworks. Managers rarely give breaks. Push for loads of appointments.
SHIFTS AND SCHEDULING. Anybody in the Apple AHA environment knows that one thing that keeps on changing is your schedule. If you value having a set schedule or have a lot of other commitments, then I would advise not to take a job in the AHA-sphere. Your shift is assigned based on your stats, but sometimes it can really just be random. And then you are stuck with the schedule, unless you are lucky enough to find someone to trade with. In addition to the schedule change frequency is the type of schedules that are offered. I've never seen such an odd array of schedules, with some schedules you do not have time to do anything but work, and very little time for anything else. Their explanation is the schedules are made to accommodate when the customers contact us (however weekends still seem to have a massive call/chat volume and understaffed.)  TRANSFERS. For some reason, you can be transferred to a different team or have a different manager transferred to your team out of the blue. Changing of mangers a lot is a biggie, as each have their own personal way doing things and "rules". So what was okay with one manager, may not be okay with another, and vice versa.  WORKING FROM HOME. Although mentioned as a pro, can be a con as well. Working from home constantly can soon become mundane and getting a case of cabin fever. Also you can feel a bit disconnected from your teammates since you are not in the same room/building/office with them talking face to face.  MISC. A small con in regards to metrics/stats and policies. You are always coached on providing a customer with more than average interaction, and strive to have complete customer satisfaction. Of course this is easier said than done, as there are many policies in place that prevent us from giving a customer the resolution they want, and this of course will effect your metrics/stats. And you have to be at your current position for 12 months before you can be considered for anything else (promotion, transfer, etc.)
None at all... so far.
It's retail all retail. You will not get paid enough to become customers therapist. I.e. Hold their hands while they cry about their liquid damaged phone.
Micromanaging Annoying customers Overwork employees Lack of employee acknowledgement Holiday season
- pay is less than competitive - I often felt like a guinea pig - no real career progression
Hard, exhausting work. Constantly working to staying time. Once you are no longer on time, you will not catch up. Little recognition between experienced employees over new. Pays lower than industry equivalent.
Lots of micro management going on
If you want to move up and grow within the company, it is near to impossible. The training and development that you receive is amazing, but wanting to become a lead is very hard.
NoneNone a very good place and people to work with. Nothing bad that comes in mind for the job at the moment
I have only had one poor experience with apple and it has been because of a manager but it was no fault to Apple. I feel like the only negative is that it is very competitive and being promoted does not come without work
You basically have to work in Cupertino. Reluctance for telecommuting options. You will work many more hours than what you are payed for 99% guaranteed. Minimal childcare benefits (e.g. no onsite daycare). Crammed office buildings - small offices are shared between 2-3 people, some people get make-shift desks in hallways and lounge areas.
unexperienced managers, too many workers, not enough hours
Software wise feels like weaker than competitive company, especial in the field of cloud.
With good pay and a package of benefits, it also comes with a package of stress!!!  Lot of chinese customers who doesn't understand the product, and doesn't speak English, making it hard to communicate. Some customers haven't learned proper manners. Chinese customers will form a circle around chinese employees, waiting to be helped. While cutting out the willingness to be helped by someone else. Chinese employees deal with unusual amount of stress on the sales floor and genius bar.  A lot of co-workers. Very friendly, but very hard to form a deep connection. Because of several different reasons: 1- When you are on the sales floor, so many customers and co-workers, you will probably get distracted 2min within the conversation. 2- Schedule is so flexible that everyone has a different schedule, so you don't go on break with a specific person. 3- We have a break room, with a lot of co-workers taking break. Some goes to lunch, some are eating lunch. Some are on the computer, others are listening to music. Everyone is on a different schedule. If you sit down with someone... the most you can do is probably a 5 min dialogue. Will sure get interrupted by someone/something else-- other people asking questions, going back to work,etc. Before I came to Apple, i used to work in an environment where i can be next to a co-worker for 2-3 hours with a short 2min task to do every 20min or so. That allows us to connect with each other deeply and really get to know each other's lives. At apple, you probably just dive into some superficial stuff like how are you? Where are you from? Do you go to school? and... I heard that guy has a lot of Apple stocks. Heard of instead of personally listening. And after a year of working here, I don't know half the coworkers. So many of us, so many transfers, so many new hires. Can't really connect unless you take coworkers phone number, and hang out outside of work.  Another stress.. in the middle of a transaction with a customer, you may get interrupted by another customer, co-worker, or a manager assigning you another customer. You really have to step up your refusal skills to survive on sales floor or genius bar.
There are no cons in this company. The benefits are outstanding, management is supportive, there is opportunity for growth and the team is always positive.
Call center hours are difficult to work with at times.
daily work is often in malls
Apple got huge. I mean HUGE. Their retail options are way too slim for the product and demand for service is capable of offering. That cool feeling of seeing the most crowded store has turned into seeing one of the highest anxiety filled stores.
Apple got huge. I mean HUGE. Their retail options are way too slim for the product and demand for service is capable of offering. That cool feeling of seeing the most crowded store has turned into seeing one of the highest anxiety filled stores.
Everything has to be picked up by yourself.
I minded:  • No public stuff, no public speaking, no blogging, no open-source, no nothing (you're supposed to ask, and then you're told no). ,) I know many many people, probably among the strongest engineers I know, with a lot of open-source activity, who quit, refused an offer, or wouldn't even talk with Apple just for this reason. I do miss Apple, but I don't miss that bit, I enjoy every bit of public freedom now (as you can see!)  • Every engineer must be in Sunnyvale or Cupertino. There's a strong anti-remote culture, the right to move away from the over-expensive Valley is only for veterans. They let you be very flexible with your time (you can take some days working remote, as long as it doesn't go against the current projects), but that doesn't solve the fact that you still have to live in an outrageously expensive corner of the US, and there's no other choice. On the other hand, it's kinda cool to say in the morning "oh, I wonder if that bit of the final product could change to accommodate what I'm doing", and to have lunch with the person in charge of it that same day (that happened to me a bunch of times).  I didn't mind:  • "Work hard" culture. I didn't mind, but some people could. Definitely hard to maintain work-life balance if you're not careful.  • Sure, there was no politics and fanboy-ness in my part of the company, but I hear it can be very different elsewhere in Apple, notably outside of engineering.  • Engineering knowledge transmission is badly broken. Nothing is documented, and it's seen as a feature of innovation (I never bought it very much, but who am I to judge, so that's still fine with me). Problem is, in that case, you would expect a solid oral-explanation culture, but it's the opposite too, people expect you to figure things out with no oral explanation of anything. I've heard this numerous times from people everywhere in Apple, so this is not a local culture thing in my department, and as you would expect, a lot of time is wasted that way, either on trying to figure something out for days that could have been explained in 30 seconds, or achieving entire pieces of work that have already been done by other people before, but no one told you even if you asked. I eventually got around that by bugging people and asking them the same questions 10 times in 10 different ways, people were a little bit annoyed, but getting the knowledge made me far more efficient than other recent engineers in my department.  • Not as "fun" as other Silicon Valley companies, where you find workplaces with crazy stuff, and every day is weird. Apple decides not to follow the "there's a slide in my office" trend by design, and I actually prefer it this way. But if you want a truly full-on Silicon Valley experience, Apple is much more "like other companies" in that regard.
Hard work, pay could be better. Management has a big influence on how pleasant your job is, and management varies from store to store.
Positions for internal promotion are not easy. When hiring full time employees, expect one internall promotion from part time to full time while 3-5 externals are hired.
Work/life balance is non existent.
They push you to you limit as far as work load and customer help. Instead of hiring new employees, I had to juggle 4 customers every 15 minutes. For the pay, it wasn't worth it
As I mentioned, it is a fast-paced environment, and a very intense one at that. Stamina and pacing are key. Sometimes, getting time away can be difficult if not planned far enough in advance. And politics.
None, its fantastic but join only if you love what you do, long hours required.
Work life balance -- but that's self imposed. It's hard not to give it your all when you work with such and amazing group of people.
Most of leadership in the South Florida market has little to no regard for the company's culture. Cutting costs even if it means over working a department.
Work life balance can be challenging. Also, not all orgs are staffed with the same level of engineers. Some groups choose not to be innovative and some folks prefer to maintain unchanging routines. If you end up working in a group like this and you want to remain competitive as an engineer you may need to shop around and apply for jobs in other orgs/departments within Apple. Don't be afraid to leave Apple if you can't move orgs. Engineers leave and come back routinely.
Super, super, super busy. Be prepared to do the best work of your career.
Most training and product info is on you.
The Apple "culture" has changed Limited room for growth Favoritism
Hard to get full time position.
Workload has increased dramatically, compensation has not followed.
Environment, lack of support. Although a pro, the environment can become ridiculous at times. Complete sensory overload. Good people leave while plenty that shouldn't be there are still there.
Customers can be difficult. You have to be able to brush things off and give the best experience possible.
- I was moved into a different office further away, turning my 2h daily commute into 4h. - Not much room for movement as the teams are fairly isolated
schedule. I was in retail
Not allowed to buy stuff from samsung and get it to work.
Job Growth, Typical politics with in management teams.
Very busy which can get stressful.  (No other cons but glass door makes me write at least 20 words for a review portion)
Work life balance is not a huge consideration. Any more, employees seem less like the soul of Apple and more like expendable parts. Use them til they burn out, then replace.
Hours can be weird depending on your time zone Start with no vacation
Hard to stand out because very competitive. Do not always get credit for experience outs tide of the company depending on the position. Pay increases are minimal cost of living-type increases, although said to be based on merit.
No time for personal things. Always on fire, issues, unplanned tasks. Even if we go for team lunch, we rush back in 30-45mins
Nothing in particular - as any big company would have there will be some bureaucracy
none that I can think of.
Retail hours, lack of autonomy
High stress, high pressure, can be difficult to progress in career
Everyday is an emergency at an Apple Store. You will burn out eventually. They try to do what they can to prevent it but it can't really be helped with the volume that you see.
Customers- The scarcity of stores bread customers who drove 3 hours just to be told they have to wait at least another hour to be seen. I get the frustration- however, I don't need it. Weekend Freedom
The pay is low for the job that is required.
Busy Holiday schedules but still a plus because of the holiday pay
Ethnic diversity within management needs to improve.
Not a lot of opportunities for advancement
None.the company is amazing to work for.
By Silicon Valley standards, Apple is pretty secretive internally. It can take a while to get clearances to access all the code and documentation you need, so expect to ramp up slowly. Because of the secrecy, people often work in silos and you will not have a clear picture of what everyone on your team is working on.
Interview upper management a lot more closely. I've met some individuals who were very disappointing to work with.
Sometimes the management wouldn't even know what to do in certain situations but it occurred only twice.
With this job you will deal with alot of customers who are very angry, and sometimes they do take it out on you. Apple does a good job teaching you how to deal with this, but it will happen a lot.  The second level of training was less than desired. We spent a month training on how to fix phones only to spend the majority of our time working on computers (2 week crash course)
lots of competition for higher roles. new ideas are implemented slowly (not necessarily a con, unless the current ideas aren't working as expected) lack of communication between departments.
- Pay - Schedule - during holiday hours especially!
its in the mall, its crowed almost every day
-pay -work life balance -lot of customer service issues -very competitive for open positions
Shift work = no social life Poor career prospects You aren't valued
-fast pace, days go by faster but more wear and tear on you physically
- senior management - not enough communication
Stores are very busy/loud and customers will lot of times complain about this
Not able to pick a consistent schedule. Had to be available for all shifts.
A very hardworking environment, people work so hard here
No way to move up unless you're a superhero or you move.
Busy, busy - Nonstop from the time that you step out onto the floor
Poor work/life balance sometimes. Adjustment can be difficult
Lots of ambiguity in processes
nothing at all to complain about
i like dells better, PC Rocks
A little bit too much micro managing at times and work/life balance can be sacrificed in order to help the common cause.
Vacation days should be increased
If originally part-time, it is hard to later on get full-time
Difficult to move up the chain of command once you are established in a particular position.
Retail hours, management is hired from outside, customer is always right to the point where management won't back you
advancement can be both subjective and political.
Work life balance can be difficult depending on the group you work in, but it's been improving and gets easier for the individual with experience.
long work hours and high pressure
None honestly. It was all positive, you may have 1 or 2 consumers having a bad day every once in awhile but don't let it discourage you on the job and change their mood around.
That I will not be working there anymore
Low-pay, you will spend an abundance of your time helping people who aren't qualified to operate a calculator
Not many cons if you are the work hard play hard type, demands commitment, texting at all hours if there is a need, may be too competitive for some
Low-pay, you will spend an abundance of your time helping people who aren't qualified to operate a calculator
A bit chaotic at times.
Hard work/life balance, 9 hour shifts, poor management, boring store meetings, consistent frustrated customers.
At least for the flag ship stores in New York City, I can say fellow employees had issues concerning politics and scheduling. Those employees believed Managers select candidates based off personal bias rather than abilities. For scheduling, if you're full-time there isn't really any flexibility, many employees scheduled almost every weekend to work as late as 10:30pm.
The time line for advancement is very lengthy. They make the opportunity for advancement tedious and detail driven...
Work is very boring and monotonous No great upward mobility
- Long hours. - Long commute. - Lots of politics.
Mobility in company and pay
99 problems but a dollar aint one
Not many cons if you are the work hard play hard type, demands commitment, texting at all hours if there is a need, may be too competitive for some
Work-life balance was a constant and often painful struggle for me, and ultimately one of the biggest reasons I decided to leave. I had never worked a full-time retail schedule, so for me- as someone with a delicate immune system and a need for routine- it was a huge shock and really compromised my abilities to do my job. If you've already worked retail, you'll probably do better than me. That said, if you ask, they will be flexible for you in turn. So don't be afraid to ask.  Sometimes it would feel as if we weren't being told everything we needed to know for our jobs. But it all changes so fast that I guess it's not realistic to expect that...? Who knows. It's also very different from one store to the next.  You will end up giving a lot of yourself to your customers and I think sometimes this is encouraged to a point that is unhealthy. If you're a people-pleaser, you might have a tough time.  I also wish they had a coffee machine in the break room...
Underpaid for how hard you work. I worked as a Business Specialist and my yearly wage was laughable considering how much money I brought in. If I even got 1% commission I would have a healthy wage and would have stayed.
I did not like the micromanagement style
Lots of long hours and includes one weekend day for a full shift. It was a lot of balance between work a school.
Very demanding and consuming, always expected to work and no breaks
Long work hours and stressful environments. Benefits are totally worth the efforts put forth. Can move up quickly within the company with dedication and determination.
in store politics are ridiculous. Favorites are played across the board and not because they are a person of talent but because they are but kissers
Work/life balance is hard. Because Apple always excels to be the best at things, they really push their employees. Sometimes to the point where working overtime or stress levels start to rise.  It used to be that getting promoted was easy when I first worked there. Then after the iPhone Apple grew so big. Apple tries to promote from within but it is extremely competitive compared to the past to get an open position.
Everyone you know with an Apple device suddenly becomes your best friend if they ever have a question or concern, and you may get calls at 2:00 in the morning when someone's Apple Watch stops working ,)
It is retail after all. Working holidays, working weekends, limited time off. There is zero room to even consider moving to corporate Apple from a retail start.
Moving up isn't the easiest. Its all about politics. Its who you know and who kisses butt more to move up
The cafe food is ridiculously expensive. The prices have recently been jacked up by $2-$3 dollars. $9 for decent food, $1 for a tea bag. The company is trying to make money out of everything now. Cant believe the most valuable company with a ton of cash pile is cheaping out.  The parking is ridiculous so dont have an option but to eat in cafe.
the overall environment was fine, but the people work in the store don't seem to be sincere.
None I can think of.
I don't have many cons. Being promoted within apple requires drive and ability to take feedback.
you will only get chance to learn a very narrow area as everyone is trained to be a SME in a really narrow area
There is no work-life balance and we all have to work weekends.
The biggest drawback is the lack of advancement opportunities. Working for such a large company, you would think the opportunities would be plentiful. Well, they are. There's just a few dozen hoops you have to jump through. And internal recruiting will take at least a month to contact you about your application. If you don't get a interview, you're likely to never hear from them at all. And the pay could be better. Look, I've worked in HR, I know how pay bands are structured and companies have to be fair & consistent to avoid lawsuits, but when you hold back employees from advancing simply because they changed departments so now they have to wait 12 months to be considered for a promotion is ridiculous.
Traffic in the Bay Area is terrible. Expensive cost of living. long hours during crunch times are routinely expected.
The work gets old. It can be frustrating being at the end of the sales process
The hours can be a little overwhelming. Customer reviews are used to rate your performance.
Make chat advisors do 2 chats at once Low pay for more work than a phone advisor Pay wasn't negotiable in interview Apple can afford to pay their employees more but don't Moved normal days off to accommodate a busy day without asking and without much notice
Plenty of coworkers have succumbed to the stress of the job via addiction or suicide. It's sad.
It's still retail! so hours, customers, stressful during holidays and new product launches Focus seemed to change. Things were much more customer service oriented. Slowly have been changing to profits. Also my particular store had the favorites game and advancing only if doing what the store manager wanted you to do.
Nothing, loved it! Best retail job.
not enough pay or hours to go around for part time employees
Work/balance is an opportunity.  Acquiring a manager job as an internal is unachieveable. They're more interested in external talent for leadership positions, instead of the gems that lie under their very own umbrella.  The huge disparities in salaries among the team. Someone can be doing less and getting paid more money.
Retail schedule is always tough. Tough to break through retail into corporate.
It's a long walk from my house and I can't really come there feeling good because of morning grumpiness. Other than that there's nothing wrong at all!!
Its still retail. People want you to do everything for them.
Impatient customers at times
working Christmas day....Honestly it is not like Apple Makes billions on Christmas day. The entire world knows Apple is GREEDY to make us work on Christmas Day. Also my son was born on Christmas day.
poor middle management. Do things for the sake for doing. Feels like a lot of them are very judgmental even if they do not really know you.
They expect a lot in terms of hours. Working 25 hours a week was difficult for me as a student, and when I worked there they were fairly strict about absences (I'm told they've gotten less so).
While the pay is certainly competitive for retail its not something that is livable for a long amount of time. I say this because the next downside to the job is that while you may move up rapidly through the lower rungs in a retail store, management opportunities are hard to come by.
People can be a little brainwashed.
Ambiguous on moving to different positions.
limited scope of projects. it can be difficult to use tools they do not support.
Not recognized for the work that you do. Expected to provide results for sub-par pay. I don't know why I didn't leave earlier but my salary had almost a 50% pay bump. not sure if that is difficult. Your hours are horrible and requesting time off is a pain.
Culture differs from store to store, work availability and attendance were not flexible. Depending on store, leadership may play favorites or use the team to advance their own career instead of focusing on the good of the team.
Retail is an easy industry to get stuck in. At the time there didn't seem to be many opportunities to advance beyond the retail store.
Semi cult-like atmosphere. Poor attention to work/life balance
Lots of competition since it's the number one company in the world. Interviews are long and hard.
The salary is hard to live off of. But the job is amazing.
- Engineering work is done very fast and sloppy - Processes are never followed from project to project, which created inefficiencies - Work-life balance LOL, kiss your evenings goodbye Sunday-Friday nights and if you're in Ops, you'll travel 35% of the year. - Great pay but once you break down the hours necessary to do your job well, the pay isn't so great. - Hobbies? You must mean my hobbies are to work and try to maintain what I have left of my out of work relationships.
There was often a disconnect between the official company culture and what actually happened at the store level.
Unable to make much movement into other positions or skill levels.
Nights and weekends. As a part timer it took up too much of my time working nights and weekends with a full time job. I loved every minute of it but they had a 20 hr minimum.
none really, it has been a good job.
none really, it has been a good job.
interview take long, it take too long.. anything else are great.
Management can be hit or miss depending on what store you're at and there is a decent amount of turnover.
Micromanagement ruins the job. I work at the Genius Bar. Every tiny detail of each repair I perform is micromanaged. If something goes off script, it is used against you later on. If you try to do something nice for the customer because it is the right decision to make, then the managers will make you feel wrong or distrusted to manipulate you into making a different decision.
There are great career growth opportunities. With that, you work with a high caliber of team members and for a company with high expectations. So career growth, while possible, can take a bit longer.
The most important thing is the networking which I believe applies to any companies in the world
Cannot make your own hours.
none so far jut started
- My manager was horrible. Things didn't improve for me until I got a new manager. When we got a new manager things definitely improved. - It's hard to advance outside of your department. You can move up within your section but if you wanted to go somewhere else within Apple it's a bit difficult - You don't have too much of a life with the hours you have to choose from. However, I guess that comes with the price of having any job
Was sometimes skeptical that taking the best case of its employees it could -- for retail-- also meant taking the worst care of its employees it could get away with while still being the best place to work in retail.  Management at my Flagship store had behaviors of managers rather than leaders- they seemed unable of actually empathizing with workers underneath them, esp. part time workers. they made decisions that were best for the business without trying to explain or excuse their negative effects on the employees' livelihoods.  If you don't want to work in retail, or at HQ, the career opportunities kind of fall short. The way the ladder is built in Apple Retail, there is a lot of need for employees at the bottom of it, and not a ton at the top.
The most important thing is the networking which I believe applies to any companies in the world
You do not get paid well for the kind of work you do. Getting barely paid over minimum wage is not a good motivator for employees. When new products launch you are required to take on many more additional hours and personally, my manager didn't let me know about this until a week before launch.
At the end of the day, working Apple Retail is just that, retail. You learn a lot about how great, patient, and understanding people can be, but be prepared to be hardened by the callous, careless, and hurtful nature a lot of people have in this world. You'll work with so many people in a day that you almost always end up seeing a vast spectrum of humanity pass through those doors, and sometimes peoples' lack of understanding leads to frustration that they take out on you, no matter how good you are at your job or welcoming you can be with your language and body language.
- Work pressure could get heavy at times. - No free meals, except for dinner post 7pm -
Management sucks at all levels
It comes at a cost though. Helping all those people all day is brutal and will make you want to go home and not talk to anyone. It's draining, and they don't pay you enough. Management seems to be getting worse and worse in a tech city with lots of opportunity.
NO cons at all I loved working for Apple, received another opportunity with higher pay so left for that reason
Little to no growth opportunities.
technical receptive issues, big company
Customers feel entitled and don't understand the store flow, repetitive working environment in sales.
Retail environment, inflexibility to change schedules, not enough pay for where I live SF Bay Area
high peaks at new product release times
People here are very busy so I received little informed direction from my manager. I was lucky to have other engineers to ask for help but I was only able to talk to my manager once a week. The culture of secrecy exists so assess whether that is a problem for you before applying.
Frequently changing demands, which often contradicted all previous demands. No room for different ways of thought depending on the store environment. People tend to become entrenched and defensive rather than working towards creative solutions.
Best chance of getting an interview is with a referral.
Busy, busy, busy. You day will start at a sprint, and there will be little time for anything else until the end of your shift.
Dealing with ignorant people all day long. The apple concept of apply employees is hard to achieve.
Working at Apple is fantastic. The only downside is how it reveals how inept other working environments can be by comparison.
Big company politics reward ladder climbers more than loyal employees
at times It can be very difficult to keep up social life
Scheduling could be a little more flexible
Not too many, training is good and intensive. Once you start as regular worker you kinda notice the breaks are too short
Poor raises. Not enough room for advancement.
None fantastic environment and nice
The job requires you to deal with a lot of ambiguity, and sometimes the management and employees are not all on the same page
No Work-life balance. Most employees slog, I think the mantra is to extract as much as possible out of the well paid employee. Vendors/contractors are abused with heavy work load because everyone knows in US the H1B visa status is essentially slavery.
Very demanding, management direction can change on a dime. You could easily look at the clock and discover that 15 years have passed since you played that guitar...
No cons whatsoever. Great company and I have nothing but positive things to say about them. Highly recommended to everyone.
No opportunity to develop or career path
Can be difficult to get time off during peak hours of business.
Hard to move up if you're not favorited Values are not always followed
Slow growth, hard to attain a full time position, as part time hours fluctuate from 15-32 hard to count on this paycheck.
i've got none so far
Not really a con, but you need to be able to be friendly. People who are anti-social would have a hard time flourishing in the environment.
During holiday season, waiting line is quite long though.
Some dinosaur rotten apples in middle management that are nothing more than political animals. There can also be territorial disputes over who-does-what that are usually not properly resolved from the highest levels. People who need to talk to each other are sometimes overwhelmed and have no time, so communication often suffers. The culture of secrecy is often frustrating.
Even though one was not on commission per sale, if one wanted more hours, one had to sell, and sell well, the peripherals with the regular Apple products. I.e. Apple care, etc.
Micromanaging became unproductive and hindered company's progression
people are rushed to do too much at once, retail hours
Getting full time in any position? Forget about it. You have to drink the Apple juice, and pretty much join a cult. Out of any job I've ever worked in, the part time to full time ratio is obnoxious. Being part time pretty much means from May-December you're working 40+ hours (unless they randomly decide to cut hours. January-April, you're lucky if you get 17-20 hours a week. The kicker? They will keep hiring new people every month. It's a little bit of a slap in the face.
Not much room for growth monetarily unless you are able to work for corporate.
Internal movement to work in a different Department, Yes they do offer after period of time to venture out to another Dept. but tough to receive any communication or recognition
Being around geniuses (and not the kind of genius at Apple Stores) is highly stressful and everyone needs to be on high alert at all times. Feel like being watched for trade disclosures.
Starting to be stingy with some benefits (food services, etc), some people in management can be a little abrasive.
big learning curve if no technology background
- No matter how you look at it, it's still retail. Work/ life balance is not great. - Tons of work to make sure you outshine your peers. - Too many cooks in the kitchen (managers). They take weeks to decide on even the most minuscule idea. - They dangle the idea of a dream, even to those who they know won't get ever reach it.
The pay could be more aggressive to compete with other IT companies in Austin, TX. There is a lot of ambiguity in terms of moving around to other positions or roles within the company.
Base level management is sometimes inexperienced at working with skilled direct reports (come from GAP, Target, etc)
Working from home was very lonely with no "water cooler chatter".
Availability requirements, it's still retail, store politics were intense
Retail store management is exactly what you would expect. Management team gets quarterly bonuses but the employees that do all of the work for them are rewarded with posters and lunch boxes. Pretty disappointing considering what the company is worth and how hard the employees that deal with the majority of the company's customers work for them.
very little opportunity for growth. Terrible schedules (it's retail) and very little sympathy from managers about schedules. Development is basically non existent. Company does very little to honor or take care of its employees.
Not family friendly shifts. Weekends and holidays spent working. No part time unless your in school fulltime
poor poor work culture hardly any thought process into building good, crisp, intelligent solutions claim to fame is business intelligence, absolutely no work done with predictive intelligence mostly routine work of building useless reports and some dashboards if you are a strong / good technical engineer looking to do some good creative work, do not join here plenty of managers who have no vision, no management experience many non technical senior managers who are extremely proud of not knowing what's happening in the industry and their poor technical skills lots of politics that kill innovation and new ideas as frequently as possible few political honchos who need to approve anything and everything that needs to happen knee jerk reaction is the long term strategy mechanism unfortunately :-( no opportunities for employees to grow or build a defined career path plenty of discrimination based on bias, favoritism very very minimal diversity in teams and on top of that as if to promote diversity, they encourage less than smart people to grow (that further leads to frustration in engineers if u r good at what u do)
Rapidly changing Schedule and direction
-Sometimes can be stressful -Taking calls back to back -Strict on tardiness
Tons of coworkers, area to advance is small.
Not learning anything, extensive customer service, part time hours are not enough to live on
highly secret stuff, sometimes the snacks ran out.
no face-to-face interaction with co-workers and can only view them through a screen
Large scale leads to a narrow focus per job role. Not very dynamic experience gained.
Rapidly changing Schedule and direction
Long working hours, lots of business trip, etc
Since this is a big company the retail employees don't get the same benefits as corporate employees, they require open availability on weekends and can change your schedule without warning once it has already been made
Hiring so rapidly they put a new manager with a brand new team which puts you at a huge disadvantage . Your manager is everything to you and when they are inexperienced they can't help promote your growth .
• lack of transparency • competition among the upper level management.
They hire leadership from outside Apple often, so they need to adjust to Apple's leadership standards....
The cons of working there would have to be the fact that the job is pretty routine. Each day is the same, usually.
Good pay, good coworkers (sometimes), and good discounts.
Seemed always under staffed & when needed to seek a supervisor it can be very difficult.
In certain areas of the retail stores role advancement may be a little difficult.
Prepare to work late, if you don't own your work life balance they will burn you out
Customers, crowded stores, advancement opportunities, some other miscellaneous things, not much else to write
It can be stressful at times working with customers who either have attitudes or entitlement. Trying to manage a personal life or a second job can be difficult depending on the second job schedule.
Lots of work hours, requires constant focus on tight timelines, demanding job duties, complex systems, still a terrific place to work in the wonderful Bay Area but cost of living here is very expensive.
Each and every morning, people will hardly as much as greet one another. Management will walk right by you daily and not as much as acknowledge you exist. Never seen a more demoralizing work environment, ever.  I saw one middle aged contract worker that no one had greeted or spoken to for three months straight. She almost broke down in tears when I greeted her with a basic 'good morning'.  If you look at Apple workers waiting in line for their Apple buses in the mornings, hardly any of them speak to one another. These are people that see each other week after week. Once they get to their offices, it barely changes and they still hardly communicate. It's like working in a giant, cold, silver colored meat locker.  If you pay attention to Apple ads on TV, you will notice that no one talks. It perfectly reflects the company culture. It looks pretty on the surface, but that's all it is, a surface.  The company is so pathologically paranoid that they will keep it secret when a new copy machine will get installed, right next to you. It's like the workers there are neurons in a brain, but they hardly connect.  I left and now work in a place where everyone greets one another in the mornings and the CEO will happily high five you in the hallway. I still get a bit startled following the Apple years treatment. So glad I left.
Extremely competitive, can feel a bit cutthroat, you may never know a position opened and it'll already be filled. Definitely have to be "in" with management to have any shot.
Getting promotions is a pain
There is only so far you can develop and grow within the Apple Retail environment. The bridge between Apple Retail and Apple Corporate is completely disconnected. Providing more opportunities to move up from Retail to Corporate would keep a lot more of the devoted employees in the company.
Work schedule can sometimes a little out there, this isn’t your typical 8-5 mon-fri. You’re lucky if you do.
Cant think of many cons.
Always busy, not a great way to move to cooperate through retail
Low pay, high expectations, retail hours
Asks a lot of the employee. Prioritizing work over personal life.
No noticeable cons for interns.
not a thing bad about Apple
Getting promotions is a pain
No freebies, No Free Food - Yes we do get small parties here and there but I think Apple expects to spend out of your pocket to cover for it. They have stopped giving Apples in cafeteria :) ( Well that one is just due to drought )
opportunity to move up, micro managing
Extremely strict rules and regulations which they're very serious about. It's sometimes inefficient internally, but better than other places Ive worked.
too much work, the teams stay separate from each other
Work "atmosphere" is very young and scattered with many unprofessional employees.
it's stressful at time working with the public and people can be mean when their computers aren't working so that kind of is lame.
-Growth for part time is near impossible. All career experiences are only available for full time employees. -Burnout is inevitable due to the environment type and tight appointment scheduling.
I can't think of any
None, great company to work for.
Hard to grow to management or senior management
workplace feels like a prison. and so much security. too fast pace with people running around with there heads chopped off. lil stressful at times due to quota
Not much upward mobility.
Very extensive interview process, tough stats, not sure why we have to fill this space with 20 words. I don't have that much negative to say
No advancement opportunites, or very little. Condescending micro-management, very little time away offered, mandatory overtime, understaffed, no positive reinforcement, just punishment for customers not taking surverys that don't matter.
Employees should get better discount on products, they should also be paid enough to make a living.
Delivering for those millions with few Silicon Valley perks and a culture of doing more with less (aka work long hours all the time)
work life balance is so hard here its almost as if they assume you have no other things going on except for work . They design you schedule to not take in that life's passing you by
Part time work is not sustainable. Crazy fluctuations in work schedules and no advanced notice made it hard to have any kind of life outside of work.
• Moved to over 7 teams in 2.5 years (and 7 different managers) can be exhausting • Expected to take 2 chats at one time is extremely stressful • Training to support new products and handling a wider range of customers doesn't result in pay raises
There are no cons here
Nothing, Apple does a great job at listening and taking care of their employees
There were moment where there was so much secrecy that I couldn't really understand what I was doing. I did my part but I did not know where that was going
Political climate of the stores has to be carefully navigated. People can be overly sensitive.
Work life balance is hard.
Need to work every night and weekend to keep up. Peer competition is high
Attendance policy is the worst. They really start to press dowm on you around the one year mark, probably to determine if your worth their time and money or need to be replaced. I am pregnant and needed to take a lot of time off recently. Even though I used sick hours and actively communicated with my boss, I got written up for second warning attendance AND misconduct in one day. Write ups stay for 180 days which is INSANE compared to other companies. Gotta play it careful or I may be looking for employment elsewhere, even though I'd hate to leave.  They also reassign work loads actively so I recently was promoted to a supervisor in iOS and then a week later they dumped the Mac dept work on us to complete, even though my training for mac is incomplete! Thats an additional 40000 customers in one day plus our 20000. Wait tomes are crazy This is causing all of my calls to be long and ruining my stats.
Company is growing fast globally. There is limited growth opportunity in many departments. Pay is not as competitive as it once was. It is hard to apply directly for a job. The company uses multiple temp agencies to hire employees (temp to hire, seasonal).
Knowing what other people were making upon being hired is what turned Apple into a frustration for me. I have been w
there is no cons here
-Week-to-week hours that are dished out randomly -Occasionally difficult work environment when presented with a difficult customer -There is no trust, everytime you leave work you must show a card with your devices serial number so they can make sure you didn't steal it
You have to work through block hours.
Not so good middle management. No work life balance. Unreasonable demands.
The customers. Everything is an emergency when it comes to the customer's iPhones. They want their phones fixed, and they want them fixed now, which for some reason causes your average consumer to lose their humanity. People assume that it's Apple's fault that they dropped their device in the toilet (90% of the water damaged phones), or that the screen was faulty because they dropped it 10ft onto the concrete and it cracked. Everyone else in line be damned, they're time is more important and they demand to be seen first. People also don't understand the very basic principles of a warranty. "I know it's out of warranty, but my 5-year-old phone isn't as loud as it used to be. I didn't do anything. Apple should replace it for free."  The FRS is not only responsible for taking these iPhone appointments every 10 minutes (a very demanding time limit per appointment), but are also tasked with teaching One-to-One customers with 30 minute and 1 hour personal training sessions. The amount of knowledge you're required to absorb (mostly on your own time since Apple is only really interested in teaching customer service during training) is immense, and insures that you'll be discussing work-related issues during your breaks.  You have no downtime with this job. On one hand, the day goes quicker when you're shotgunning tech support to 40+ customers, but it gets taxing. The front of the store (normal "Specialists") who are tasked with working basic sales and the like, are given as much time per customer as they see fit. If you want to spend your days interacting with your coworkers rather than rushing through appointments, take this job instead. It pays a dollar or so less, on average, but is an entirely different experience when it comes to working at the Apple Store.  Also, the hours are erratic. As a part-time job, the FRS position takes up ALL of your time. This is because you're scheduled only a few hours per day, almost EVERY day. It's hard to predict what your hours will be, week to week, which makes it impossible to schedule something in your free time. You have to give a minimum of 3 weeks notice to get a day off, and it's not guaranteed that they'll give it to you. On top of this, all the other FRS's are working a minimum of 5 days a week, and because Apple has to pay time-and-a-half on the 6th day, nobody else is allowed to cover your shift.
Not as flexible of a schedule as there could be.
stressful working conditions- very cold temperatures, demanding customers, long transactions inflexible schedule low pay
You're going to work long hours here - I felt like I spent more time commuting and working than anything else. They don't really allow telecommuting, so commuting will be a part of your life here. You'll likely get paid less here than at other companies in the valley.
Food isn't free...not even Apples or Tea. Considering food is free at pretty much all the other companies in the Bay Area, this is kinda of ridiculous (particularly the Apples).
Long hour and not very friendly work environment .
The only Con I could thing of is the fact that I would like for our discount to be more than what it is. Other than that the company is great and I can see myself retiring from here.
Lack of communication from top down
It's really cult like and there is very little diversity in management. If you don't suck up then you'll never get promoted.
Schedules change about every three months. That seems like it may be a bit disruptive. But I do like that better than yearly like I had to deal with at a precious employer.
Some roles can be normt exciting for an engineer. A lot of travelling. Very demanding and competitive environment.
Unfair it's like working Walmart but they hide by paying you just enough to keep people mouth shut.
Don't stay too long. They are becoming 100% customer service so you don't do as much technical.
Fairly stressful environment with business to consumer retail model. Consumers tend to be rude, brash, and outright offensive when they do not receive the answer they feel they are entitled to.
Management can be stuffy at times
Didn't enjoy the long hours The customer service was awful to deal with Not very flexible in regards to time off (sick or vacation)
Its retail and its hard to escape that sometimes. You will get great experience if you apply yourself, but in the end its still retail.
I've had the same title since I started 10 years ago. It's very hard to move up if you're not able to transfer to other stores.
Stress levels can be higher during release periods. This is customer service based, so be ready to keep your composure while dealing with irate customers.
You have to learn to have a lot of patience with both costumers and employees. Being at Apple costumers expect for you to put up with a bit more nonsense then regular retailers
Unrealistically high expectations, people at times could be arrogant because they work for the company, when the company made some changes that I felt were detrimental to the customer experience- everyone just had to shut up and deal with it or you would get reprimanded.
limited cross promotion/upward mobility in the tech fields in the home base work environment.
Busy most of the time. Scorecard you must meet. Long hours
Absolutely nothing! Wonderful place to be!
Very little work life balance. Expect to work over 35 hours, even part time. It is stressful on basically any given day, not just launch days.
The management team hardly every spent time helping the workers. They often had meetings and were too busy to assist. They piled on every job title into one so your spectrum of coverage doubles every month. The customers are often times so dumb you hang up without even trying.
Sometime Leadership can leave teams behind.
I'm still in training with Apple which they take very seriously which impressed me because they are passionate about putting out the best quality in all departments
Too many layers in the org now. Bad work/life balance People are stressed all the time
At some of the larger stores, you can often be overlooked. That's what happens when you have over 200 employees at a single retail location.
At my store, you can barely take any days off. You have to request a day off a month in advance.
Work Life Balance and very frequent and extended travel
My feet hurt at the end of the day. I have to work on Saturdays and Holidays. Pay could be better (though definitely not bad for retail).
Work in the mall. Store meetings usually are scheduled for 8:00 AM on Sundays.
nothing nothing no nothing nothing
Angry customers, crazy hours, always on your feet. The limited employee resources causes strain amongst the regular employees. It is difficult to get weekends or vacations off due to lack of staffing.
Work life balance is horrible.
To earlier to list cons
Literally nothing wrong. They give you every opportunity to move up and gain experience for real world experiences.
Can really make you hate your home office Almost always busy Will be frequently moved to new teams/new managers Training is getting shorter and shorter (sometimes just self guided) Not super flexible with schedules will most likely work holidays
Lead generation is done a bit differently and is not comparable to most businesses. It would be a bit detrimental to switch from this role to an account executive position at another company.
Long working hours. It is difficult to make an impact.
Unfortunately, as in any retail role, some customers can be unreasonable and generally a pain. Having to deal with these folks can be challenging.
My schedule was the only reason I left Apple. You almost never get two days off together. You never have a regular schedule. Days, nights, closing, opening. There is NO balance between work and family life. Managers tell you to take RTO but it almost never happens. Apple offers so many perks for employees, but your schedule almost never lets you take advantage of them.
work hrs, future out look
cupertino employees get all the fun stuff like beer bashes
Can get boring. Was lied to concerning Holidays. AHA employees do not actually get the holidays off (unless they're regular work schedule happens to fall on that day(s)). AHA employees are corporate but treated as if they are retail. While other employees enjoy company paid shutdowns during the holidays you can count on working since those days are blacked out for any time off to AHA. Pay is below my standards but, compared to other tech support I guess it is ok.
Must be the stingiest company in the planet. Good to be money savvy, but it is too ridiculous to even describe. Never expected a multi-billion dollar company -- making 100K every 3 seconds -- looking for dirty savings upsets employees who are molded to believe that is ok!  Work is purely execution driven. No scope for RnD. Management folks have big time attitude: "I dont take my paltry 12-days of vacation, so you should not". They dont care because everyone wants to get on to Apple so they dont bother about folks who are unhappy.  Employees are "indirectly" expected to be wired all the time - no worklife balance.
On the weekends it seems that the genius bar is well understaffed. The sales side of the store seems to be favored a bit with all the new hires and also with the emphasis during daily meetings with most of it being about how great they do and what they can do to sell more. Also some managers seem to be playing favorites with people. The biggest turn off about working here is that it feels like a cult sometimes. Everyone is so crazy about everything apple and if you're not you're looked at as an outcast. Also, if you're not someone thats nonstop smiling about god knows what and aren't always yakking off about something then you'll never get recognized for the hard work that you do. I've been busting my butt off here for a while now and i have not once gotten recognized at a meeting for it (these meetings have a "recognition" portion in them where everyone recognizes someone for their hard work). It's always the same few people giving the recognition to the same few people. Most of the people that work there seem to be trying to compensate for something with their arrogant attitudes or maybe they've been working in southlake so long that the customers' attitudes have brushed off on them.
Too many to list but here's the main ones. - Horrible work life balance, Apple leaves its teams understaffed especially in the support side of things which translates to very exhausting days with no set schedule - False culture, the upper levels of management don't practice what they preach, try to make you fell cared about but they really couldn't care less about your career and well being. - Pay, you make slightly better than mall retail money to deliver top notch technical support.
Churn and Burn Employees, Management
None that I can think of.
Undervalued and underpaid, management doesn't care about you or your needs
So far, no communication from them. The process takes awhile?
Lots of competition in advancement - some roles prefer to hire from outside than to promote internally. Not a clear career path.
can tend to be political at times
great environment and place to work at.
The hours can sometimes be challenging. It can be hard to move internally, and not provide the best opportunities for growth since the company is doing so well.
You are watched and every little thing can be a big deal so be careful Sometimes the customer can be mean and very disrespectful but that is normal and in every retail
Could be some more onboarding process. There was one day where learned about all the rules and the next day we got thrown into your team.
Non commission Usually non flexible with scheduling
Management can be a bit zealous, especially for part-timers who may also work full-time elsewhere. They're not very understanding about work-life balance issues.
Salary not competitive Stagnant Not many opportunities for carrier development
Biggest downside was the size of the bureaucracy. My wife got pregnant while I was working there, and I had only been working there 11 months (1 shy of when the Family Medical Leave Act kicks in) and they were unwilling to give me any support, basically telling me to quit and re-apply later.
It seems impossible to move into management from within the company. Launches of products and policies are always convoluted.
Management does not care if you get full time in a position or not.
Can be difficult to move up. Must have tons of political savvy and drive.
Retail hours and iPhone launches are always stressful. Apple does give a lot of different ways to help with managing time evenly across all the employees but their is simply not enough time to allow all the time off that is needed and the constant shifts changing everyday and every week.
Can be hard to advance. I came in with a technical background and previous IT certifications with the idea of moving to Genius very quickly. The people who seem to be promoted the fastest are those who suck up to management the most, or who know someone. Not those who are best qualified.
Fast-paced environment can be exiting at times but overwhelming at others.  Your personal inability to work full time and/or move to various positions over several years can cause you to burn out in one singular position like it did for me.
Compensation for account managers are pretty low Hard to grow internally without any external experience.
Very busy environment, not for people who want a slow and relaxed job.
Too demanding customers, and non stop questions
Phone tech support isn't the most glamorous job but it's a good gig for college.
Management does not care if you get full time in a position or not.
Not very clear about what they want from you. They're vague during performance reviews about what they want from you. Not very motivating, but it does depend on the manager you have.
Store politics. Holy cow. The managers are all buddy buddy, and give promotions based on friendships and being a bit of a kiss up. Rarely have I seen a promotion based on merit. Also, no commission. This is understandable, as some people typically sell more than others (are scheduled for sales, as opposed to workshops or setup), but when we are selling over 10,000 work of product in a single day... $16/hr almost feels insulting. Maybe offer a bonus structure or something similar?
As a part-time employee, you can expect to work full-time hours, just without full-time benefits. Holiday time is exhausting, especially if understaffed. It can be difficult to get time-off, expect to request time-off about six months ahead of time if you want it.
Lots of entitled customers. We deal with first world problems all day long. This can get challenging at times.
very big and easy to get lost, minimal mentorship
Even though I'm in a technical position, the overall job duties is customer service and it is in an retail environment. This particular location is extremely busy and crowded.
The hours can be tough. Its hard work.
Politics, lack of transparency between teams, projects. Reluctant to be open about technology stack and participate in open source.
Nothing at all great place
Rapid growth in the fast few years, can be hard for talented entry level employees to find their place given the ultra-high caliber of applicants.
some teams are over worked, it can be a plus for some and minus for others. So do your research about team
Most of the time I felt like a cog in the wheel. So many employees and I felt I went unnoticed.
Very conservative with salaries. Hard to move up.
because this is ridiculous and no one cares what i have to say on here
No life/work balance. Work with China at all hours of the day or night. Some roles demand a lot of travel.
Very heavy work load Too much politics Arrogant co-workers
No life/work balance. Work with China at all hours of the day or night. Some roles demand a lot of travel.
Very heavy work load Too much politics Arrogant co-workers
Long hours, Paranoid Management ,low sallary , stressful working environment
Very difficult to have a balance. Aggressive personalities that make for caustic work environments
Not much of a con but it's always busy
Retail hours Management is at some times not knowledgeable enough technically to make proper decisions Hiring is not based on knowledge but on personality
Customers will not always understand what you are trying to explain to them.
If you don't fit into the mold of what the managers want, then there are very few chances you will succeed or be promoted
Work-life balance can be a bit off, but you forget about that due to the perks
Stressful people but thats every customer service job
Short staffed, unrealistic expectation by managers and customers. Mangers are there to take customer service issues primarily. Lip service on personal growth
Not well trained managers Better tools to communicate with partners
Retail customers can get interesting.
I was the only 18 year old girl in the midst of 20+ group with tons of working experience and despite my efforts to stand out I was constantly outshines by the man who has his own theater company in New York
However, as anyone born in the last three decades might realize, Apple also does not lead the market in terms of operating system brand or affordability. As a result, most prospective Apple employees (whether direct or through a vendor) need to have some degree of experience with their products before providing service to their customers, or it’s going to be an uphill battle.  * Inadequate training curriculum. Now, I know what you might be thinking, this is where Apple’s responsibility might be blurred with the vendor’s responsibility, since the vendor – as a contractor – provides its own trainers and can make its own adaptations to the training process for its agents. Nevertheless, Apple clearly intends for its vendors to use their proprietary training process (known as “New Advisor Training – Academy”) inside a portal known as iDesk in order to complete the training process.  --- It lasts several weeks, but the training itself involves very few simulations or interaction on the part of the student. Most of the training consists of boring, unengaging lectures from classroom instructors who go through a slide show presentation.  --- Those of us who net less than $20k a year tend not to be familiar with Apple’s product line. This means that something as innocuous as swiping back or going to the ‘settings’ area on an iOS device can be hard to understand or describe because it’s just “one of those things” you have to PRACTICE in order to remember. Training might be able to fill the gaps, but with very little hands-on practice of any kind (even simulated), most of the information just goes in one ear and out the other. Aggravating this situation is the fact that my employer (Apple’s vendor) - Kelly Services - never provided the promised iPod that we could use to familiarize ourselves with the product line we would be supporting.  * Poor support structure. Just like many other call center projects, Apple has an additional level of support known as Tier 2. This queue consists entirely of agents who are supposedly the “best of the best” and are there to support customers and the agents on the frontline. In contrast to other projects, however, agents are actually allowed to reach out to Tier 2 for help when they aren’t comfortable handling a call. Apple itself makes getting help very hard, however – even for newer agents.  --- Apple tracks the number of times agents reach out to Tier 2 for support. I don’t know how the other vendors do things, but Kelly Services held agents accountable to this metric right from the start. To keep Tier 2 escalations low, agents would be strongly encouraged to reach out to local management and chat support for assistance.  --- Even if agents just needed to ask a question or get help with a call instead of escalating, the very act of dialing Tier 2’s line would count as an “escalation” for purposes of the “Tier 2 Escalations” metric. While I can understand the potential for abuse of phone consultations as a method to avoid customer interactions, this puts unnecessary stress on frontline agents – especially newbie agents – who could be panicking because they don’t know what the heck they’re doing.  --- Tier 2 also seems to have an attitude problem. Agents on the line don’t generally assume good faith in Tier 1 agents and tend to leave Tier 1 agents with the impression that the act of escalating is an inconvenience. As a former Tier 2 phone agent and Team Lead on another project, I understand how frustrating it can be to get agents who don’t use their tools before calling in, however, this lack of willingness to assist discourages Tier 1 agents from asking for help and hurts customer satisfaction. With such a poor training process in place, reaching out to an additional level of support really should not be such an involved process.  --- Adding even more stress to the situation is the fact that Tier 2 agents give “peer feedbacks,” which are basically reviews on the Tier 1 agent’s performance. So, as a Tier 1 agent: if a Tier 2 agent is miffed because their 30 minutes of ‘available’ time is interrupted with your phone call, there’s nothing stopping them from giving you a negative peer feedback.  --- To my utter amazement, Apple also mixes all of its Tier 2 agents from multiple vendors into one gigantic queue – a very unusual practice for a call center, in my experience. So, when you reach out for help, you might get a Tier 2 agent from your own employer, or it could be someone from one of Apple’s many vendors – all of whom have their own policies, techniques, and personalities. This is just additional inconsistency to further complicate an already convoluted support process.  * Ineffective tools. iLog, the application that allows Apple’s support agents to connect with and assist customers, tries to be an all-in-one tool for agents to efficiently assist customers. However, it, too, has its shortcomings.  --- The knowledge base (“Knowledge Center”) is a collection of how-to articles and procedural documentation agents use to support customers. However, agents must rely entirely on keyword searches or a list of article suggestions (based on how agents classify their case) when finding relevant resources. There’s no menu or organized list of topics from which to drill-down. Additionally, some questions on simpler topics are only available in product manuals, which requires a PDF file download – further extending the call’s average handle time, harming agent confidence, and lowering customer satisfaction.  * Strange quality expectations. Apple’s approach to empathy and rapport-building is embodied in something it coins the “Three A’s,” which are: Acknowledge, Align, and Assure. Agents with Kelly Services routinely miss “Align” in quality evaluations. Sometimes, agents overlook empathy during their phone calls and don’t use the right voice inflection, in Apple’s case, however, I think empathy is more complex than it needs to be. Most call centers – even the ones who use NPS and follow a CARES quality model – combine or link acknowledgement and “alignment” together. So, a simple statement such as, “we want to get your screen repaired so that touch functionality works normally” combines acknowledgement and empathy in one simple statement. Apple’s idea of empathy (or “alignment”), however, is “I would feel that way too” statements, which tend to patronize the customer – especially on calls with very simple issues.
Not really many cons to working here. Its a great company and I enjoyed my time there.
Be prepared to give it your all this is a job that requires 110% of your best effort.
High stress environment and pay is good for retail, but not appropriate for what is asked of you on a daily basis
- You may end up with one day off a week, as you have to work at least one full day on the weekend and then a few hours here and there throughout the week. - You are volun-told to work extra hours during new update or product releases. - I ended up with having five days off, between school and work, in three months due to new releases and asking us to work more hours. - Told you would work part time during school semester, but have to work more during new releases. - No career opportunities unless you want to stay on the phone talking to people.
It is impossible to test software enough when your product is being used by millions of users. The law of big numbers dictates that a 99.99% success rate still leave thousands of users with a poor experience.
Expect to be constantly busy. Customers can be rude, but that's the nature of the beast with Customer Service.
I can not think of a bad thing about Apple, this company is simply amazing. However, helping people who break their phones and blames in on Apple is the worst at 6:00am in the morning. 9/10 of all calls are because of the users fault and they expect us to correct their mistake and if we take to long they get mad at us... AppleCare Advisors are the frontline for support please respect them because we don't deserved to get yelled at. Be happy we are helping you when its your fault.
Long hours, deal with many difficult people, sometimes management can be confusing on what their goals are.
High pressure environment You don't get much recognition
Hard to move up past management in the company.
Brutal almost slave labor conditions at times, company focus on money not service, political game to get raises, promotions or move positions. Always understaffed and sometimes high turnover.
Not much room for internal strategic development
Very long hours and calls well into the evening/early morning to coordinate with Asia. Work not altogether fulfilling given so much was out of one's own control.
Strict environment, not the best work/life balance
The company is getting very large and it seems that it may be heading more toward a corporate structure. If this happens it will change what Apple is known for.
Scheduling can be pretty strict and it can be difficult to constantly have to answer phone calls. Can be hard to deal with so many people.
They are literally no cons, aside from how busy the stores can get (it can be frustrating not being able to help everyone!)
working for managers without degrees, hard to move up based on skill, it's who you know
Not a lot of room to move up quickly, scheduling, repetitive work and not a lot of excitement!
Lengthly training really straps on the training wheels and can be emotionally reductive. I found the way in which ego thrived to be sobering at times. In the Retail domain, nobody engineers what we end up selling, take a lap, and keep your ego in check.
- Customer interactions can be pretty stressful at times, so having a resiliency as far as this is concerned is important. - Too much flexing toward the customers' desires and not standing by the company's policies from management, which often made it difficult to deliver the right position on delicate topics. - Rather strict attendance policy, many employees I knew were docked for missing their start time by only a few minutes. The work schedule can be quite erratic and those with regular family commitments may find it hard to establish a good work/life balance.
sort of stressful good work team
They blow smoke, aren't forthcoming about opportunities, reality of working in retail.
very secretive annoying staff lots of silly rules
Less chances of promotion in the organization
Entitlement, Bias, Malls, Retail Hours, Secrecy
Too many senior leaders brought in from outside the company for "experience" have stifled and diluted the focus on customer experience.
Not many cons, the company tries to do what's best for their people. The only thing I can think of inconsistent practices between different locations but that is normal in retail.
Rude people people are slow hard to explain
terrible schedules, couldn't go to school and work at apple at the same time because scheduling manager was lazy and didn't want to anything but retire
Apple is disorganized in its communication between corporate, AppleCare, and Apple Retail.
Managers in my location stole service parts in order to build and sell computers on the internet. They were caught but it really soured the experience for me.
If you are part-time it's tough to have another gig. They suck up as much of your time as they can, often at the most inconvenient hours when you need to do other gigs. Other than that there are few "cons".
- Moving into management is a challenge. Coming from management experience in previous roles, I figured to move up quickly - which has not been the case. - Internal interviewing for promotions sometimes seems as if the chosen candidate was picked before interviews.
can be very competitive to try to advance to other positions.
the customer you get are interesting to say the least they are very very picky.
none that I experienced within the time I was employed.
I enjoy working at Apple so, there are no cons to mention.
The schedule is erratic. Like, wildly. It's retail and they justify the crazy schedule because you needed to have completely open availability to get the job. Being a Lead Genius means you have to not complain about it either. Working in consumer tech support is also pretty grinding. Lead Geniuses get involved with customer when they are already upset. Getting actually screamed at was a regular occurrence. Security occasionally gets involved.  If you get to be a Lead Genius, but don't want to be in Retail Management? You've hit your ceiling.
Telephone based support. Call center style environment where individuality and creativity were stifled . Very corporate
Favoritism among management. Cult-like mentality. Low pay if you're not a "Genius"(no worries about that though, they make even less,now).
Horrible disconnect between managers and employees.
Its very busy, and I'm always on my feet. As in any retail environment the customer can often be difficult and demanding, and the pressure is even greater within apple no not necessarily have all the answers but be able to find them.
- long hours - can be stressful - become bias about other products - people ask you for favors a lot - very secure
super high maintenance customers.
It is retail, so you'll have to work weekends but it's not so bad. As a BOH Specialist you do get to help out customers on the floor but not as much as an actual specialist. I don't have many complaints to be honest.
Not only is it retail so holidays and weekend work required, but management insisted on using Kronos software to make schedules that enhance profits even if the schedule was disastrous for the health and sanity of the employees. There were week I worked a different shirt everyday. YIKES!
-Difficult job dealing with other (usually angry / ass-y ) people's problems all day long. -Thankless work - you are taking multiple appointments at a time, getting paid less than your Genius counterparts, and not given the same resources as them to get the job done.
None so far. I'll keep you posted
- Too customer oriented, it's good to please customers but some times customers are cocky and you always have to bend to their BS otherwise they give negative CSAT and your manager has to coach and pester about it you about it and it takes down your overall CSAT score which (if you get enough of them) affects ability to get promoted within the company, your bonus and consequently can get you disciplinary action.  - Since you're the face of the company you're responsible for weeding out the media, people who just want to game the system, trying to mine for proprietary information, really really pissed off people with a chip on their shoulder who think Apple owes them something (in cases where they don't owe them thing) so it's taken out on you and those who want to find out about the "unreleased products" and it can become irritating.
- Retail Job = Retail hours (holidays, weekends) - Office space is awful (many locations without windows, white walls, no personal affects allowed)
Retail hours working weekends wasn't the best.
Long hours. Impatient customers. Customers don't take personal accountability for their device, passwords, data.
Felt that there could have been better compensation for the work which can be grueling at times. Scheduling is retail based and not fixed.
There is not much room for growth.
There is not much room for growth.
Very little room to grow, and development is completely absent depending on store. Leadership is very hands-off, and they seem to make an easy job much more difficult at times. Customers can have a serious sense of entitlement, like not wanting to wait in a simple line to get help.
To much trying to push add ons that customers don't really need
None, if you are comfortable with lots of calls.
Management can be uncompromising, but what can you expect from a company built by Steve Jobs.
Most of the time, was required to work long hours during holidays without receiving holiday pay.
Worked to the absolute bone, never a down minute, crazy time schedule, difficulty getting time off, blackout time
Some late hours, lots of work, not enough pay for the Dallas market.
The lack of support from management is heartbreaking really. Apple has so much to offer, but then when thrown to the wolves, management is MIA. The attendance policy isn't up to par with industry standards either. A reason and an approval must be received from team management to even use earned vacation or sick time. I don't feel that a reason should be given to take any earned time off, if the time off is available on the calendar.  I received a promotion and that's when the lack of care began. I am the highest level, with no help, except from my peers. In the event of a difficult situation, management wasn't available to assist with decision making, issues, etc. This position is extremely stressful for me, as is most of my peers. This position is what drives excellent employees to seek out other employment.
Employee shelf life is 1-2 years. Turn over is 30% a year. Company is so successful that retail middle management hasn't got much else to do but watch over your shoulder. Since most upper level positions in retail are external hires, management doesn't know how to use the technology they expect you to sell. They work in theory only and hide behind delegation. The people are great but it makes it much harder to compete for very few advancements. Corporate uses illusion of secrecy to hide rampant disorganization between retail, phone centers, corporate, and other support mechanisms. Reviews have been boiled down to three useless measurements expected more, achieved expectations, and exceeded expectations. Some how even though daily results are met, when reviews come up, the stores poor results explain why your raise was 0-3%.
Can be very stressful, processes can be complex and can change rapidly.
none, its always busy and you have to love interacting with people
The lack of support from management is heartbreaking really. Apple has so much to offer, but then when thrown to the wolves, management is MIA. The attendance policy isn't up to par with industry standards either. A reason and an approval must be received from team management to even use earned vacation or sick time. I don't feel that a reason should be given to take any earned time off, if the time off is available on the calendar.  I received a promotion and that's when the lack of care began. I am the highest level, with no help, except from my peers. In the event of a difficult situation, management wasn't available to assist with decision making, issues, etc. This position is extremely stressful for me, as is most of my peers. This position is what drives excellent employees to seek out other employment.
Retail cause be frustrating, due to hours and the few customers that feel entitled.
-- customers are extremely entitled so they can be difficult to work with -- no work life balance since you work from home
none about his company is bad
None that I can think of.. Maybe the only downside is all your friends want a discount.
Not great employee discounts, not an excellent salary until you make manager. Poor training and on boarding for new employees, zero documentation on processes or systems.
-Pay is not great -No real career path
The opportunity to advance bottle necks very quickly. Using key buzz words that Apple just gushes over will get you advanced faster than actual talent or previous experience. If you're 18-25 and live at home with no real bills, Apple is perfect for you. You'd be better off becoming a manger somewhere other than Apple and then transferring into Apple as a manager. They do that a lot. It may be Apple, but it's still just retail.
If you are not flexible with the hours then it will be hard to adjust.
Work life balance, its retail, don't forget that part of the whole process.
Long working hours most of the time
Strict goals for performance, must work overtime on holidays
None that i can think of, really enjoy this company.
Leadership in retail is often experienced RETAIL leaders and not Apple users/fans, and not used to managing diehard Apple fans/employees.
The pay wasn't very competitive. But since everyone wants to work for Apple they don't have to offer much to attract employees.  While it is exciting to work for Apple, if you work Apple retail you have to remember you're still in "retail". Just like all retail jobs the hours are lousy, time off is nearly impossible to get, and holidays are your busiest times.
Teaching people how to use technology that are not tech savvy.
get fired on the spot for handling something wrong
what is the bad part of the company? i am not sure what the question mean and what I can express from over here at the moment yet.
As someone said, it's the pinnacle of retail, but it's still retail. The secrecy becomes overbearing and we are frequently thrown into complex situations with little training beyond customer service. Internal questions about products frequently go unanswered, and we are left stumbling around in the dark, ignorant of our own devices. Morning meetings are tedious and redundant. "It's not about the numbers" but it is overwhelmingly about the numbers. Micromanaging is overabundant, especially if you are in sales. Organizational structure is, at best, weak, and at worst, crumbling at the foundation, a haphazard monstrosity of miscommunication. Resources for training, mystically claimed to be abundant, are hard to find. If they exist, we are not given time on-the-clock to pursue them. Scheduling is a mess. /// As a Black female employee in the Midwest, my negative experiences have been compounded along the intersections of identity. For example, a customer called me the N-word, and when I told my store leader about my experience, he responded with with another derogatory term in an attempt to 'connect' and told me that "the company does not protect [my] comfort." Coworkers and managers alike have made inappropriate racist, homophobic, and sexist remarks. Whenever a person of color tries to confront the issue of racism, we are met with hostility, gaslighting, and condescension. The turnover rate for Black employees is disturbingly high, but little attention has been paid to this. These are, however, the most blatant examples. Most of the time, the offenses are subtle: offhanded comments, being called out more for negligible, nitpicky things and ignored for everything else, half-hidden little happenings that make you think you're losing your mind. Promotions favor young, White men, they are hired full-time into the company, while my female, part-time coworkers, regardless of race, have had to work twice as hard and for twice as long to receive the promotions doled out to their male counterparts. Apple has a race problem. Apple has a gender problem. And it needs to be seriously addressed.
Lots of micromanagement and stress there is a lot of secrecy and poor planning around launches
Pay should be higher for the amount of money that gets brought in.
Customer surveys aren't sent in a timely manner, customer surveys aren't sent to every customer, and dissatisfied customer reviews are counted against you even if they are unsatisfied with their own isp or Apple policy.
Working retail can be hard. Don't be fooled: working Apple Retail IS retail, but a little bit better than other kinds of retail. It can be difficult to make the transition into the corporate world.
No cons so far. Like I said really good company to be work. When you're taken care of like this there's nothing negative about work.
male dominated environment, its a really great company other than that
-Cult culture. -Extremely high turnover rate. -Schedules fluctuate every few months, and are chosen on a lottery and trade basis. -They lie to you claiming how "successful" you'll become as an applecare advisor... its BS don't believe it. -Will not hire you if you have another part time job. -It is only a part time job, not full time. -Must pass three tests to fully get the job. -Must purchase your own desk and chair. Apple sets specific requirements (ergonomic) on what you can purchase and will release you if you do not abide by this. I spent $400 on everything. They give no financial assistance with this major purchase. -Must pay for your work phone and internet service. Apple pays a small portion of this, and claims you cannot use the phone or internet services for personal use, even after work hours. -Call center type work, gets very old, very fast.
Customers are entitled and demand service as soon as they walk in the door. Corporate employees have the ability to enjoy more then retail
In the store, you may outgrow your position and if you're a creative, find yourself making less than if you were to be a freelancer doing video and audio work for clients...but not everyone wants to run their own business
Can be political, preventing good people from earning positions they deserve. Upper management can get wrapped up in 'moving up,' but there are still some amazing people in leadership.
Retail positions can be very demanding, and the company understands and makes efforts to compensate for this. Peak times bring lots of traffic, but strong teams and strong people skills help alleviate traditional stress experienced from this.
Sometimes tedious. Not much room for growth depending on your management staff. In both large and small markets, advancement decisions are often determined by your direct managers, not by your previous experience before Apple or actual qualifications.
High level of secrecy and confidentiality what is totally understandable, but may create some frustration. Easy overtime.
-Stingy with time off requests at times -Grind of dealing with customers can be intense at times, with no letup -not compensated nearly enough for what we do -Conflicting orders at times from management
Depending on the manager, they micro manage.
Demanding customers, terrible retail hours, high stress level, fragmented management, unrealistic demands
- The 5th Avenue store is too crowded - Entitled customers - Pay rate sucks - No flexibility with schedule - You must work weekends - No work/life balance
They hire so many fresh grads and engineers/managers with very little experince. If you have more than 15 years experience you will feel like you are on a college campus and chances are your manager will have way less experience than you.
It is retail. This means retail hours and retail customers. You will work holidays and weekends. There are so many employees at one store that it is very competitive to stand-out and move up from within. A lot of times they do not internally promote but rather bring in managers from other retailers.
Need more management support for better work life balance
-Many uneducated customers/users with silly demands -Sometimes very stressful -Managers sometimes expect too much from certain roles -long hours on hard concrete
Some individuals are very helpful and will push you to succeed, but some individuals are extremely cutthroat. Working at Apple is very competitive so you have to be on your A game or someone will cut you down with no hesitation.
Retail hours. Over crowded store
Compensation not always on par with similar jobs in industry, not much is documented.
Mediocre earning potential but plenty of opportunity for advancement if you are willing to put in the time and effort.
Can get lost in the woodwork
Upward mobility can be difficult since nearly everyone wants to work their way up to Cupertino
Managers frowned upon employees who took their 15 minute breaks and even used that as an excuse not to promote someone stating that they were "not a team player" and "lazy". This was common in both stores that I worked in (Boston and LA).
They are not as flexible with the hours as they could be and there are obvious downsides to working retail during the holiday season if you want time off with your family.
The best way to move "up" was to be friends with management, but that was more of a reflection on our specific managers.
"I love it!""You are awesome.".. They encourage this kind of absolutely positive attitude. Sometimes it feels too much. And the love towards the company and products is crazy.
-Love working here. Had to leave because of school
Not a fun work place
No work life balance. Blackout days prevent you from requesting holidays off. No set schedule.
The customers are all horrible. Spoiled teens and kids, entitled adults. Some people think just because they own an apple product they get special treatment. Always angry and foul mouthed. It's rare to actually have a pleasant interaction with a customer.
Potential sexism in selection of employees to promote. As a female I worked hard for 2 years to "earn" a promotion that as many as 5 less qualified male employees gained in weeks.
Assembly line consumer repair. Little personal touch, time based diagnosis
long hours and no flexibility - retail
Working in a call centre can be redundant
You can certainly earn more money elsewhere.
expectation of long working hours
Hours fluctuate Still retail (there is an implied push to sell while they claim they don't care about numbers) Work during holidays Can be difficult to get time off
- Can be demanding of your time - Must submit time-off requests 1 month in advanced when you never know what can come up
Not so much for the cons as long as you realize that this is a driven company leading the charge into the future. Sometimes you can have a bad day but it is not Apple's fault.
I feel tired a lot.
long hours and no flexibility - retail
Non stop work 24/7. Refusal to optimize systems/processes creating double/triple the workload.
I really don't think there is a con
- It is really tough and intense, if you are not a passionate professional this is not for you - If a title and power is your drive this is not for you - After acclimating to the culture the expectations of performance are very high, so if you are looking for a cushy job, this is not the place for you
I don't have any cons at this time
some stores are amazing while others are awful.
Lack of autonomy, not always innovative in thinkjng
Some of the stuff had a steep learning curve and it there were deadlines that a lot of people had to meet that was hard at times to keep up but hey thats everywhere right.
There is lack of leadership support for retail. Labor is ridiculously allocated and is no where in line with the demand. Corporate is so disconnected from what goes on in a retail store its comical.
Scheduling has been a persistent problem for the whole time I've been full time. There is little to no opportunity to move up to management and almost no chance to move to corporate. The stress level is consistently one of the highest I've ever experienced.
Ridiculous customer's attitudes and unrealistic demands at times.
Being around incredible product all the time makes you want to buy it.  Also,  As much as they tell you it isn't about the numbers, it actually is in some ways, because there really is no other way to measure retail success.
Nothing negative about working for Apple. You fit in if you are passionate about your work and work hard all of the time.
Unless you're full time, impossible to get enough hours. Also basically impossible to move in to management as they typically only do outside hires for management.
Work life balance Workload Hours of operations Pay
the usual retail cons: hours suck, pay is low (although this is the best paying retail job I could find), customers can be rude/entitled. The culture can get weird, especially for store meetings, teambuilding, etc.
i dont have any thing i feel that will stop me from getting the job.
Same thing day after day Managerial structure I don't know much that's going on when it happens. The left hand knows not what the right hand does.
Nothing. The company is great. I have no cons. Best company to work for.
Only downside, much like any job, would be some of the highly unreasonable customers. People baby their phones and computers more than their children. If we need to keep a machine for a day or so, all hell breaks loose.
Too little information spread, no transparency.
They didn't do what they said they was go do they basely told us lies
Extremely repetitive, poor communication between management, a lot of time is spent talking how great the company is... and you are forced to agree
need to look at more fun culture and integration
Schedule can be exhausting, political ,apple retail is not corporate, too few employees as ratio to customers. Customers are rude.
its very demanding, competitive and sometimes work-life balance can be difficult
+ Environment can be fast paced and demanding + Have to get comfortable dealing with customers in difficult situations
My issue was making no commission. No real room to grow!
sometimes the work become challenging
Tiresomely long hours. Short deadlines bordering on instant burnout. Impossible to make weekend plans as weekend work is routinely demanded on extremely short notice. The aforementioned perks are first come, first serve, and chances are you will not be able to take advantage anyway, because of last-minute, emergency testing that needs to be performed. Management will make you feel guilty about taking your family vacation. Management will make you apologize for your child's medical emergency pulling you out of work. Management will gladly work from home, yet scoff at the idea that you can attend a doctor's appointment mid day.
Demanding work load.
Gets caught up in the same red tape that every other big company does. Micro management, tough to truly make an impact or move up.
isolated departments, no free food
Difficult to move out of retail into corporate
Retail is Retail. Blackout days during Holidays for Vacation. No set schedules.
barely any. forever changing got the extreme but its still awesome
The only thing that I didn't like was the difficulty of work but this is to expect from such a great and big company.
Often times a lot of politics between leadership and the rest of the store.
Work-life balance is often hard, even for part-time employees. The company often wants the employee to have a full time availability schedule even though they aren't full time.
It's tough to get noticed by the right people when you're home based, and if you have a bad manager it's impossible to advance. There are lots of great people but I had 4 managers in 4 years. The 1st two were amazing and I moved up in the company quickly but the third held me back for ages when I could have made at least one more level up. My last manager was one of the best but only came in after I gave notice. I would have stayed had I known. Customers are usually great, but the bad ones are really bad. Once you get in a senior level position it's better, but I never felt like I could let it go at the end of the day.
The way raises are implemented could be better. Other than that I couldn't be happier.
Very difficult to change to a different team/project.
Not fun, hard work. Professionalism (not as casual as Google),
If you're a college student working at Apple retail, once you graduate with your Bachelors it doesn't seem like better opportunities tend to arise within the company other than staying sales or repairs, which can get stagnant.
Retail, Management, often numbers driven, semi-boring unless a new product is released, CULT-ure. Managers will push sales for their bonuses, which sales people do not partake in.
The hours are retail, so you'll be working on most holidays. Hours for full time is usually 12-9:30 or 9:30-6:30 with two days off each week, but it's random from week to week, meaning it's hard to plan an outside life. And while you work with the smartest people, you have some of the least intelligent customers. As an FRS you are suppose to take 6 appointments and hour, 10 minutes a piece, and work with multiple people simultaneously like a waiter at restaurant. But most issues take well into 20-30 minutes so management will be on your back the whole time. It's the grueling repetitiveness of issues, including resetting grandmas email password a second time because she typed it wrong a minute ago, and dealing with the upset customers refusing to admit to pay for damaged they did to their products that will get to your morale quickly.
No Real Set Expectation, I work on my on goals. Non Comissioned.
Depending on your field, there is a bottleneck of advancement and sometimes a salary cap but you can move laterally if you need to.
Can be stressful, work life balance can be skewed.
Limited professional growth, holiday work and poor promotion benefits.
A lot more corporate than people think, not much autonomy at store level. Also they do not promote internal candidates into managerial/leadership positions.
Crazy hours. I was usually working 50+ hours a week. Over time every week was nice though.
Insensitive HR practices surrounding a "forced" relocation from home-office based to Austin-based position. There is no reason my job function could not continue to be home office based - I did that for five years. But when my boss transferred from his home office in Delaware to Austin, he insisted I go with him. Very poor explanation of why, what the business driver was for the huge change, what the benefit would be to me and my career, and most of all, a totally crappy, inadequate relocation offer.
Currently have not found any cons.
NYC stores are crazy, not enough appointments or technicians to handle the demand. Hated turning away people with legitimate problems. The pay is great, but could be much, much better for the volume NYC stores in particular deal with.
high pressure job with multiple interactions with other teams
I have no idea whats in the boxes most of the time
The temp agency they go through is messed up.
no cons, no cons, no cons
STRESS! Not a lot of management actively involved, you are basically on your own (cling to your team mates is my strongest recommendation, they will be your life preserver!)
You start to get good at the entry level position and get bored within 6-9 months. Growth opportunities and learning are driven by employee initiative. Differently hourly wage for same role dictated by corporate without much explanation. Acceptable standard for customer experience at Apple much higher than acceptable standard for employee experience within Apple retail.
Not a lot of room for growth. Tiring work environment (customer service). Poor hours. Unexpectedly low pay for one of the richest companies in the world.
It is a retail job
Working here is non-stop! If you see it as just a job you are bound to burn out. Taking advantage of the learning that is available makes it worthwhile but its still exhausting at the end of the day. High turnover is a function of college aged students who are graduating and moving on with their lives . . . and another crop of fresh excited minds are always waiting to take their place.
The Apple Store was located near stuck up rich people and sometimes they'd be very rude and always wanted their way or the highway, and during their tantrums they'd insult you.
Took 5 months to get a call.
When you have a global role, working nights and weekends are the norm. It can get a little squishy at times—people who are underperforming tend to get coddled. Nobody I personally know has ever been fired. Mediocrity tends to get shuffled around instead.
Shift bids, you never know when you'll be working every six months. Recent changes to the job description of "Apple Online Service Representative" is killing morale. AOS reps are treated like the step children of the organization. They aren't paid well enough, endure constant changes to their roles and on a personal note, feel like we are an after thought to the organization as a whole.
As a corporation, weather conscious or not, they can take advantage of the fact the the people that work for them love the company so much they'll take a lower rate than what they're worth. They can work you hard.
Work life balance needed to be adjusted. Management only cared about their bonuses.
Dead end job Limited options for growth
Demanding schedule adherence, tight monitoring of professional habits to gauge performance.
Causes you to realize how much people suck when they don't get their way.
Working from home and sometimes home and office get confused since you always are in "the office".
Delusional sense of a retail job being a "career".
Not much room for growth after the first year, got to the top sales job but to become a manager it's a looooooong way. Job is very monotonous and you have to deal with lots of people's problems that can affect you physiologically
There was a define lack of career development. Apple can tend to pegion-hole designers.
You really have to buy into the culture of it all, which can be tough sometimes. It's still a retail job, so you have to accrue vacation and sick days.
Limited upward mobility causes short tenure within the environment
wasn't able to have needs met by upper management, pay structure was not up to par- hopefully things have changed since i left
Being retail, hours aren't great and working with customers is like a double-edged sword. Some interactions are draining, while others are extremely rewarding. There is a pretty high turnover rate as well, some times due to employees transferring to other positions within the company, and others leaving for a more permanent job or more regular work schedule. It is rather difficult to move up within one store. They seem to prefer external hires. You'd have a better opportunity transferring to a different location.
I don't have any cons this is a pretty good working area
You never truly leave work, always something to think about.
trying to balance work/school life
Depends on how you see it.
Apple's success is one of it's biggest weaknesses. -The stores are packed! All the time! A slow day at an Apple Retail Store is a busy day for any other business. -Long time loyal customers expect special treatment and free services. -Miscommunication between the multiple different store teams can show through onto the customer experience on many occasions. -Store policies for employees change rapidly and don't always allow for a rhythm to be created before their changed again. -A set schedule IS NOT POSSIBLE! Part-timers can choose any days and times that do not wish to be scheduled, but the more they limit the less likely you are to get hours. Full-timers are Required to have a FULLY open schedule, although you can have one day as a preferred day off, but you haven't guaranteed they day by any means.
Complex integration of products. Fragile infrastructure that seems to go down frequently. Focus on using own products, but without ability to scale.
Corporate ladder not too inviting for non-whites and non-Asians
None if you know how to navigate a large corporate environment driven by customer engagement and buy-in. As above, know what you want to get out of the experience.
work life balance, opportunities on all levels.
Virtually no social interaction with Apple employees. Total exclusion from the physical work areas of employees. Absolutely no effort on the part of the management and employees to make you feel like you are a part of a team effort. Almost no opportunities to feed suggestions upward/back to employees. Locked in a room with other contractors who have nothing in common with your work.
Hectic work environment BUT Apple understands and is constantly improving. Understandable that not all stores can be big but smaller stores are always cramped and wish we had more space to work with.
Do to the nature of the work, your life revolves around Asia and it can be difficult to network with other teams in Corporate Cupertino.
Communication between management and floor specialists can be limited at times.
Management is not interested in promoting from within. A call center is a call center no matter what company you work for.
Rampant sexism, unsupportive management, corruption, dishonesty, bullying, lack of diversity, lack of respect for others, rewards manipulation and lying over honesty
Upper management can have unrealistic release schedules. This doesn't allow for proper testing time and usually results in the release being pushed back. If planning and scheduling takes into account the proper time needed, this wouldn't be necessary.
no work life balance. Your hours change everyday and everyweek
I was client facing and worked against delivery deadlines. I'm type A and process oriented by nature but Apple can be process heavy to a fault -- the "having a process to create a process" mentality. Most often than not, there are also many approval steps. And in my department (it may be different elsewhere), there were very few who had approval authority. Heavy process and many steps to approval makes it challenging to get things done.
great talent leaves because they are never clear on a path towards advancement. It comes down to politics, but I assume that is the one aspect of retail that doesnt change no matter the company.
Apple used to be more fun. The customers were more like family. Since the launch of the iPhone, this has changed quite a bit. Near the end I felt like it was me against the customer instead of the two of us working together. The stores are now just a training ground for you to find work in the IT field somewhere else.
Working insane hours and no relief
A lot of standing on your feet
Every second counts with clocking in/clocking out so just make sure your on top of your time management skills
Upper management in Marcom needs to pay attention to their tech teams or risk the trickle of devs leaving turn into a full exodus
The pace can be intense and development can fall away if you let it. All eyes tend to be on the customer experience and those employees who don't keep up simply leave rather than finding a different role in the organization.
Depending on your schedule it can get tedious. Deal with irate customers, as a tier 2 role you take ownership of the issues and are the final point of contact for customers who may already have had a terrible experience, and it is your job to turn it around. However, for me I love this.
not very vendor friendly, too much compliance and strict work culture
Too many changes to your Team Managers and no consistency between Team Managers, so every time you change, it's literally like starting over with the company each one is focused on a different area and they all handle the same issues differently.
• unknown roles. Apple's ambiguity.
Difficult to transition to corporate.
The work-life balance is tough. If you're young, single (at least without kids), and don't mind having to be available on weekends, from 8am-10pm, and on holidays, then it's fine. But if you want any semblance of a normal schedule, it's not going to happen here.
The occasional negative customer can bring you down
upward mobility. pay should be higher
Competitive work environment, hectic fast pace  that's all I have to say really. Not many cons to think of
In this position it was difficult to work up in leadership without putting in some serious time.
Not as many benefits as full time employees
At the Fifth Ave store, the hours are difficult and can become stressful if you're not up for intense customer traffic, fast paced environments and long hours. At times there are inconsistencies amongst management regarding how we should handle situations.
Very high stress environment, can be too chaotic at times.
You work in retail, and at the mall so after a while its monotonous and wears you down.
As a leader you are not supposed to utilize metrics in your coaching. What makes this difficult is when you have two employees in the same position, one who is going above and beyond and one who is doing the minimum they are both measured by the same results.
not a lot of opportunity to grow within the company unless you're one of the lucky few
Easy to get blocked on projects because of intense disclosure guidelines
Because everyone is so awesome, no one moves out.
i can not think of any
no cons really to report at this time
Who you know rather than what you do.
I feel apple as a company doesn't do anything wrong, the only problems would be of that that come with retail such as client base.
Stressful. at the end of the day it is retail. People suck and really drain you with the constant nagging and neediness. Leadership especially.
It's now a huge company of specialists focused on iPhone and iPad. If you're the sort of person who grew up using Mac desktops, if you're a Mac "power user", or if you aren't super interested in mobile computing, the post-Jobs company might not be interesting for you.
not enough people at the time
Work life balance, compensation, management
Inter office communication isn' t as direct and accessible as customer facing communications and efforts.
Schedules change every three months, and 75% of them are some degree of awful. Working from home can be lonely and isolating, so not recommended for people with conditions like depression or who otherwise need to be around people. Also, the longer you are an the phones, the less you like the job.
No work life balance. Not always the best shift and your stuck with what you get for awhile. Can be a bit stressful and hectic.
Pay could be higher, More chance for promotions
A pretty tough hierarchical culture, and some acutely unpleasant senior executives. Apple people can be very myopic and unaware/unconcerned with anything happening outside of the company, this results in decisions that are sometimes unaligned with greater needs/interests of the marketplace.
hours and little room for growth can be high stresses
There is a lot of work and it never ends.
very busy none stop pase
Hourly pay should be hire so that part timers can use all the great benefits that Apple has to offer.
They could give a bigger discount to the employees for Apple products.
Some stores are hectic, customers can be mean, holidays are very busy
Customers can be quite entitled and you have to service them with a smile.
Management has turned to money priority in the stores compared to people priority.
But he ended up dying a few years after I left the company sucks but it was fun
givem the size of each department, it can be difficult to get notice for advancement
more politics and non-sense dealing with upper management and the 'way things are done,
retail hours, limited career advancement opportunities, need better training structure for current employees
Low mobility after a certain point. The Austin campus has limited opportunities for individuals that want to look beyond customer support
The store interior was a very loud environment.
The hours take a toll. If you're full time you can at least have one day on the weekend off.  The pay, while moderately better than other retail operations, simply does not align with the level of expertise required for our work nor does it align with the companies ability to better compensate employees. (No commission, meager raises and a lot of lateral promotions without pay increase).  You'll consistently see a lot of new faces year over year.
Low pay for amount of work and industry specific, Its Retail, very little upward mobility, incompetent managers at many locations, blatant scheduling favoritism even though company guidelines strictly call for otherwise, employees that kissup the most get promoted the most, bar none.
Its retail so retail hours, hard to move up as a technician
Bad hours for new workers, rude management— inpatient, unwilling to take employee advice to improve the retail, etc… They do not apologize for their mistakes, awful wages, mediocre benefits. WOULD NOT RECCOMMEND!! I was super unhappy.
It takes forever to get in but once you are there as long as you do your job you'll never find anything better.
none, none, none, none, none
Busy hours but overall great
The parking is horrible, and they hire too many temps.
Some of the challenges working at apple is you have people who think what they know about apple
need better recruiter for it
At times, the business can be very stressful and too fast paced. Customers sometimes come to the store with a sense of entitlement, and want things done in their favor but you cannot control company policies and have to stand your ground or collaborate with a manager.
No free lunch, no free gym, no free drinks, political hierarchies flourish. Upward mobility is almost non-existant. Moving from one team to another is rarely allowed. Employees are strictly forbidden to develop iOS apps. The pay is not great. Stock share grants are reserved for people above you. As far as internal support goes, IS&T wants to help you, but really can't turn the ship too much. Take a number, get in line, see you in a year if they can help you, probably not. It's not their fault, it's just a gigantic slow moving company now.
Shifts are too long, long training
Attendance policy, customers can be a pain, sometimes unclear promotion paths
The Management team was not always on the same page. Favoritism also took place, managers only want to help out the people they talk to.
Hours are tough, customers can be difficult. Management rewards and promotes based on favoritism vs. talent and skills
Micro-management on status Could only work up to 20 hours a week Year long term which required a second job to make ends meet Made me close my personal blog
In the retail division, some managers can become disconnected with the rest of the team, or give off a feeling that they are better than you.
Teams/project are so compartmentalized that it's difficult to get meaningful mind-share.
Some employees at Apple stores appreciate the flexible hours and other employee would prefer a set schedule. Flexibility works for me. Apple is very serious about providing excellent customer service, so expect to work hard and no slacking off.
I have worked for over 2 years and it is almost impossible to move up. For a company that was built on individual thinking, you don't get to do that here. The stress and pressure never let up and you are constantly being criticized. It is the worse job I have had on the past 15 years for sure. If I didn't have to work from home, I would have quit already.
Management was fair but often beholden to corporate (scheduling, time and attendance), but they were willing to work with you if you worked with them.
long work hours. frequent travels.
there was no free food
Terrible schedules, hard to schedule time off especially during the holidays, difficult to move into other departments, very little career development assistance
Overnight hours can take away from work life balance
Compared to what the company earns payment should increase, often times one must wear (too) many different hats, environment can be very stressful especially when dealing with a variety of strong personalities and poor work ethics
Management team is horrible, culture is more like a concentration camp then a store with high values. Huge disconnect between retail and corporate.
If your not uesd to working with products then this is not a place
Fake management. Inability to communicate with sales floor. Terrible staffing choices. Too many in sales not enough in repairs. Hard to explain to customer why there is 14 specialists standing near the front of the store and not one has the ability to help. Opportunity for training is few and far between. Have to rely on self for knowledge which looks bad when other specialists don't seek after that knowledge. Lack of commission makes for lazy and unmotivated sales people with an attitude of "fine, I guess I'll help you buy a phone". Poor positioning leads to inaccurate expectations of what we offer as far as services and help. Do not get paid enough for what we have to know and deal with on a daily basis. If I have to know information and positioning for every Apple product, carrier (4 majors) knowledge, activation knowledge, positioning knowledge, and stand there getting yelled at least on a daily basis, and there's a burger flipper at in n out that makes as much as me, there's something wrong here. There will be changes made, but too late.
The higher you climb, the more political drama you encounter.
work life balance isn't that great
Stores can have a strong cult of personality Hard work does not pay off as much as one might hope
Schedules change alot, but i the new building is awesome
Management will get on you about satisfaction scores, early meetings, lots of policys
Management tend to switch up leaving Uncertainty with the team sometimes.
Pressure, competitive, misleading, overrated, under appreciated
Horrible management. Apple will work you to death and will make sure that you feel under appreciated all at the same time. No work/life balance. Lack of a true-oriented team environment.
Difficult to advance company does not always appear to do internal promotions very often even though prospective candidates are more than qualified
Schedule changes every 4 months
Software that collect data from surveys to customer should be revisited
Contractors are painfully segregated from the rest of the employees
The pay sucks compared to other tech firms, but this IS retail, so even if you're a Genius, you will cap out around $18/hr. So there is a dead end if you're not considering management. And I wouldn't since the work/life balance that Apple states is part of their Credo, is actually disingenuous - that's been documented. HR is outsourced, so you're really at their mercy with regard to policy. The schedules are determined by store needs, not by seniority - which can be fair or not considering your perspective. Basically, you work when they need you, so good luck with having a "normal" life. Hard on the students especially, despite the educational reimbursement. Customers can be very hard to manage especially in the more busy and often crowded stores. If you're in the least bit agoraphobic or have noise sensitivity, this is absolutely wrong environment to work in. And you better get used to standing for many hours on end.
Retail company, not many Enterprise Sales Positions offered
it's retail. Retail isn't for everyone. Everyday you have to sell a product, whether you believe in it or not. Also, management can tend to suck. They micromanage way too much sometimes, and always implement new rules. Sooner than later, working there felt like a prison.
Sometimes we worked long hours. Expectations were always very high... To the point where if it wasn't ground breaking, you felt like you were underachieving.
- Sometimes people can be too "Apple", meaning they live and breathe by the book - That's honestly all
Maiden DC is hot(80-110 degrees all year) management is strict and two face. management fires people for being 2mins late or using their cellphone People play back stab to move up faster The atmosphere is horrible, game room with zero free time Turn over is horrible. internal software is the worst I have ever seen protocols are confusing and poorly written
work life balance sometimes hectic
Unorganized communication due to the amount of people required in making a decision
Burnout can happen very easily, great employees are taken advantage of, the hours while flexible are inconsistent for part-time employees. It is not as easy to transfer to corporate as they make it seem.
There is a high level of office politics once you get past entry level engineering, and there isn't a high tolerance for making time for anything personal. Management is generally untrained and focuses efforts on heroics and brute-forcing solutions with hours and effort.
None that i think are major
must work weekends, short staffed, irate customers at the Genius Bar
Nothing negative to say about Apple, Inc. in what I've experienced.
People are always asking for discounts or to fix their products when you are off the clock!
No free food, no gym for contractor, The cafe is just so so and the price of the food is reasonable but not cheap.
Salary is too low! I believe everyone want more money!
If you're at a location that management is disconnected and concerned more for their own work & numbers it's easy to disconnect yourself and quickly lose interest in the movement and get lost in the shuffle.
Spread of information internally is horrible. Most people have no idea whats going on, and it's not for a lack of trying.
Professional development (i.e. sitting down with a manager and charting a plan for getting you to the next position you're interested in) was spotty and management was mixed on follow-through. In a busy retail environment, long-range planning often gets sidelined. Still, opportunities were there--just could be a straighter path.
Poor opportunity for growth and very hard to make contributions that really matter. Expect to just be another very tiny cog in the wheel.
There is no career planning within Apple. They work you hard and don't care if you leave. They continue to cut benefits even though the company is doing very well.
Lots of big talk from senior management on improving things, but no follow through. Cult culture and nepotism ruins long term prospects.
Very corporate, it's retail so that's a struggle.
Loud and difficult environment to communicate. Difficult with our older generation to concentrate. Better store balance within the family room area.
If you're interested in working on a project outside of your team it's very difficult to get involved. There's often layers of security segmenting teams.
stressful, oftentimes poor work life balance, not much retail career opportunity beyond store management
Being retail you will work weekends, at least two days a weekend. Dealing with customers in a high pressure environment like Apple stores can wear on you. Working a late shift, and then turning around and opening the store up the next day is rough too.
No free food, and cubic offices are not open.
Sadly in the AZ market there are a lot of cons that need to be addressed before I would recommend someone working for Apple here:  - Market lead has clear favorites within specific stores, having worked at one store for over 4 years, I know nothing about this person where every other visitor such as the Market business leader, Steve Jones etc. took the time to form a personal relationship with the top performers/tenured employees in the store.  - Management is not transparent about why they are promoting from outside of the store and ignoring internal talent which they themselves have called "the best in the market".  - Feedback often falls on deaf ears with management around core business functions such as pulling technicians un-necessarily off the booked queue to perform menial visuals tasks that other employees on the sales floor are more than able to execute without effecting the team or customer experience.  - No vacation time what-so-ever to spend time with family during the holidays. Yes it's retail but the company likes to use "work life balance" as a key positive for working for Apple Retail when that is not so. Often full time employees are scheduled Fri, Sat & Sunday and thus miss time with their families/significant others and you can see that this wears on them.  - No clear path to promotion. Being excellent at your current role doesn't actually mean anything if management feels that you are not "apple" enough. This means people that kiss managements behind move up whether they are actually skilled or walk the walk vs talking about how great it is to perform a certain best practice and then ignoring that themselves.  - HR from corp. was brought in for a specific store and this feedback was given to them by over 20 people however no changes were seen as a result of this. HR was brought in because the NPP score for this particular store has been consistently horrible for a year. ]
Just that it's retail. So, retail hours.
- not all departments are closely integrated
Retail schedule is so erratic, not many opportunities for in-store growth, and you deal with many irrational customers looking for support at the Genius bar.
Work environment is very hostile and fast paced. Work life balance is very lopsided and no consistency in schedule, it is a retail job at heart.
-Politics usually determine who gets promoted -Abundance of identity theft committed but no resources to turn away individuals committing the crimes
A few but get in there and see for yourself
Customers and not much flexibility
It's take a lot of hard work to make products people love.
none that i can think of
may learn a little bit new experience. broken house.
Many of the leadership teams within retail are inconsistent with their messaging. There are also always people who tend to fall through the cracks and contribute nothing to the team. If you interact with corporate employees, they tend to be extremely stuck up and rude.
Long hours, but it goes by fast. And its retail, so goodbye weekends
More of the same. No long term growth or career support. Poor leadership in the middle management level.
Retail hours, management can be rude and entitled with no real leadership skills. Very difficult to move up and leadership will use you to do their jobs without any real intent to promote.
That being said- it's not much better than many other retail jobs I've had. The staff at my store were very over-qualified for the position and got bored easily. Rather than take advantage of our overqualified staff, they still choose to hire new part-time employees than promote part-time employees to full-time. They also have little flexibility around the holidays, which is understandable in some ways for a retail environment, but difficult for employees with strict family or religious obligations. It's very easy to drink the kook-aid at Apple, and after a few months, it stops tasting so sweet. They talk a good game, but at the end of their day, their values statements do not align with their actual treatment of employees. They say they want self-motivated people, but do not use them effectively, so the people who feel dedicated end up getting bored and leaving.
Benefits are not worth underpayment. Culture, etc. is wonderful, but pay is not competitive.
I have to type at least 20 words here so I can complete this review, so I will simply say that there are no cons working for Apple.
this job production line,testing i phone pack and ship
None that I have seen yet.
Customers can sometimes be very rude. That is the major complaint. They sometimes do not recognize that you are human being too.
lot of work, lot of work
Times can get slow .. And you may have to do things for customers way out of your scope.
Comes with the job - customers who have no idea how to turn on a computer or worse.
No cons to list here
For as much a Apple makes in business I believe their employees working at the store could make a bit more.
None. The company does a great job. Now I'm out of words for the 20 word minimum for this review.
None to speak of except alot of hours during holiday season
CUSTOMERS, Also managers who try to tell you how to fix something though they have no idea.
everything was excellent bout the comapny
If you're an advisor on the phone your time is not your own. They don't really trust you. It's a call center, so you clock in and clock out, very strict attendance adherence.
If you're interested in moving up, it's a slow process that involves switching stores and putting in the hours. Even then it's not a guarantee
There had been some compensations issues regarding bonus/commission. This may have been addressed recently. There can be some micro-managment but not so bad if you are one that can work very independently and proactively.
None, all is well so far!
Inconsistent hours, may be difficult to move up, low pay for the level of knowledge you have
all over the place hours
unfair reasons for letting their employees go
Work can get very tedious. They try to create a "stimulating work environment," and for a retail job it is. But for people that have higher aspirations, it can wear on you.
Work life balance can be a challenge at times. Cupertino isn't the most exciting place to work in. Lack of systems for some processes... esp for such a big company.
The grueling stress levels and deliverables.
very political-you better know the right people to get ahead and going to full time is considered a lateral move so translation not a raise.
Opportunity, don't like the position they shove you in to? Oh well. Schedule changes every 3 months. Ambiguous in everything there isn't really clear procedures everything is grey area. Pay isn't enough for what you deal with.
They move very slowly with developing leadership.
All my friends ping me to see if i can get them discounts on Apple products.
Workload can be overbearing at times. Normal red tape that comes with any big company, slow to move processes internally. Pay does not always feel commensurate with workload.
Middle managers suck, they are on power trips and don't support their staff. People who are good leave and go work at startups. Incompetent people often get promoted.
60-80 hour work weeks, live in China, even out of work you are constantly bugged from China or support teams at all hours of the night, holidays, and weekends. Managers will cover their own behinds only, never go to bat for their team,
Hard to progress, don't get a lot of help if trying to move from retail to corporate
easily replaceable, over worked, under valued, not much for growth or promotion. can be clique-y, lots of gossip. very focused on the customer experience what about the internal employee experience. silly attendance rules and regulations.
none
Your schedule greatly changes from week to week.
There are some pockets where there have been bad hiring decisions and it shows in the loss of careers because of poor leadership. Things usually work out and the bad apple is exposed and dealt with, but there is always collateral damage.  Customers are incredibly entitled and spoiled but it's our own fault
The bureaucracy can be a little off-putting to deal with. But that's the case with a lot of companies. Apple generally handled it well.
retail can be exhausting but Apple retail is unlike any other. it is the best.
Depend on which store you work at, the opportunity for growth can be non existing. Mangers tend to play favorite and only promote you if you are willing to kiss the butt. Also a lot of the times they would much rather hire for outside and train for a specific position instead of hiring within. I would say if you're looking for a career, you're better off at apple corporate then trying to work your way up through the retail ranks.
You don't work at the same time every day (sometimes you start in the morning, sometimes you close) and don't usually get two days off in a row. You obviously also have to work weekends. It is pretty difficult to advance quickly and almost impossible to advance to corporate. Most of the managers have obviously "drunk the Cool Aid" and they feel like a separate group. It does not feel like we are in it together, as much as they'd like us to think so.
ZERO ZERO ZERO work life balance. The day you sign your offer letter, lock away your personal life only to be be claimed after you quit Apple again. The work culture, esp in Operation is extremely fast paced and demanding and you got to be on you A game non stop day in day out. 12 hr days are lean, 15 hr days are frequent, somewhere in between is the norm. While travel initially seems to be on par with other operations / consulting jobs, you should prepare for the disruption it brings to your social or family life as it is very frequent and intermittent. While there is a lot of lip service and Sheldonesque sympathy about work-life balance, the basic culture is simple - its a privilege to get a job at Apple, so stop whining and get on with it. It can be a great opportunity if your type is all about getting recharged by the constant stress and chaos and believing in a world changing goal. If not you will burn out very quickly - almost 3 times as fast as another company
Many mangers were arrogant. No OT but were still accountable for deliverables - even on weekends. In general, contractors are treated as task agents vs. knowledge workers.
I actually do not have any areas to complain about.
no room for growth when trying to maximize potential
Retail schedule, always busy, customer based feel entitled. Sometimes work leaks into personal life specially social life. Also not a lot of time for projects.
the sense of culture that was present before steve died has been replaced with generic, empty corporate sloganeering, focus only on numbers, and an utter disregard for employee satisfaction. overworked, under compensated. adversarial relationship between different groups that support the online store/retail online. apple rewards management for all the wrong things especially being professional jerks, frontline reps aren't paid a living wage for what it costs to live in Austin. members of customer service teams at apple (as well as other groups ) are on assistance because they don't get paid enough. everyone constantly has new responsibilities added but without the appropriate increase in pay. this is especially true of the poorest among us. apple also constantly outsources jobs to other companies in the states but doesn't seem to care about the quality of those sites or the extremely low pay of the employees there. all we hear is "focus on quality" at sites where the people hired are making just above minimum wage to perform a very complicated job that requires a high degree of competency. Most of the people at the facilities are not qualified to do the job as they have little to no technical skills, no job experience, or they are too old or sickly to flip burgers. Plus, you get what you pay for. good people are not going to take a job that pays $8 an hour.
Stressful environment. Retail hours are terrible. Work most weekends.
Can't think of any cons, would like to have a set schedule. but that's retail for you.
It can be stressful at times. Sometimes its hard to get to know everyone that works with you at your local store.
Schedule is hard but Apple does value work/life balance
Worked in the same area for 12 years, hardly a change. Difficult to move forward in Product Marketing. The joke is "to move ahead, someone has to die"
If you've been a part of the Apple family for the past few years, you can definitely feel a difference in the culture. There is less customer focus and focus on development. There is a disconnect between corporate and the retail stores, so there is little support in the stores, even as we get busier. We are frequently told we are more than retail, and this is true. Our responsibilities are wide ranging and challenging, but we don't get paid that much more than typical retail.
No career development here, i dont recommend it
You are cross trained in other departments based on need and can sometimes end up essentially working in an area you were not hired to work in.
Our particular store, when compared to other stores nationwide, is said to pay differently contingent upon the local cost of living. The fact is that for living in Los Angeles, we don't really get paid much more than other stores. Also, the management at our store is a mixed bag.
went partime for balance in work/life area
It really depends on who the Store Leader is,if they are the micro-managing type it can be hell. Often times, each department can be completely in a lack of communication with each other which can lead to conflicting situations. Often times, dealing with very irate customers can be mentally draining, this is more on the Genius Family Room side, but there will be people who will throw an epic tantrum in your face.
A lot of expectations, hard work, frustrations and little payoff. Managers seem as if they have no idea about what is going on with their employees.
They make it difficult to make any moves to management in the company. Even if you have experience in the past. It's even difficult to make a lateral move in retail stores. Never a clear path. It varies from specialist to specialist. Sometimes managers can treat you like you're a kid. Micromanage for most bored managers. Especially when they are hired outside of the company.
work life balance, schedule, manager holding accountability
Bad hours, long shifts, crazy customers
none that i can say
Hard to move up in company No work life balance
Work life balance can be tough to come by Really tough customers come in expecting miracles Sometimes too busy and hard to keep great experience consistent
Salary was low, and the management of the Project wasn't to good
Crazy busy all day. Rude entitled customers.
Upper management (way up) doesn't seem to have a grasp on the smaller details, it's challenging to present emerging issues at times but this has vastly improved!
Hours are hard Management often have no technical background and are underprepared
Working with customers all day is very draining. Escalating issues to other departments was sometimes a bureaucratic process.
*Inconsistent work schedule (it is retail tho). *More employee engagement functions. *More opportunities to learn on third-party apps or hardware. Since Apple's ecosystem is expanding to many different devices and services it would be awesome to have training that would expand on those types more.
Hard fast pace demanding environment
They are very metric goal oriented
sometimes you can get long hours especially around the holiday selling season, but it increases the pay so you can't complain too much
The only disadvantage for me was that a smaller company would be a better fit for me. For people that seek less formal work place and more opportunities to stand out, this is not a start up environment.
Long hours, no life/work balance. Very flat organization, so it is difficult to advance. In my department, there were cliques - if you weren't aligned with the right people you will get overlooked for career advancement and bonus.
Hard to advance as you have to wait till someone quits or dies or god forbids gets promoted further. You find out about new technologies when a customer calls and asks for support on it. The customers. Honestly Apple would be a 5 star if it wasn't for the customers. Expect daily interactions explaining why an iMac is not a toaster and will never make toast. Expect the customer to attempt to belittle you, act like a child (we worked with schools predominately as well as small businesses and clueless end users) and generally have a fit demanding toast.
There are no cons working with apple. You submit your availability and they work around that. For retail pay is amazing
lots of contract gigs, wish they would hire perm
Hard to make it to corporate.
Definitely an intense, competitive environment. Not the kind of job for someone who doesn't like Apple products and doesn't want to sell, sell, sell.
Work life balance is poor and traveled a lot. Commute can be tough from SF
Everybody is white. Where is the diversity?
When people are upset about things related to their Apple devices they can get really mean! But you learn how to help that.
public transport can be improved
If you're in college, with little to no responsibilities, this job might make you feel like a baller. But you can't provide for a family while in school off of this salary.
nothing to say.happy at all the time
Customers can get difficult at times, scheduling issues
Management sometimes is sometimes inexperienced, customers can get obnoxious.
Provided with refurbished Apple Macbook, ran very slow, was hoping I could be more efficient with a faster computer
Hours can get long when there are too many people coming in with issues with their devices and not enough time to see them all quickly. Theres a lot of cranky customers.
Crappy work life balance if you have a family. Single or newly weds or career driven couples work best with the schedule. Super corporate. No wiggle room on policy. Corporate bureaucracy is hindering and cumbersome
That the stores would always be busy and you'll never really get that long of a break before another customer comes in.
ZERO ZERO ZERO work/life balance. Execs have been saying for YEARS that they understand and will make it better. But in actuality, it gets worse every year! It is obviously top management LIP SERVICE because if they meant it, they could fix it tomorrow. They have hundreds of BILLIONS in the bank. If they REALLY cared about employee work/life balance, they could bring aboard the right number of folks to…
It's still retail, so it can become stressful when dealing with multiple customers at once
no cons at all. great company
-Sometimes difficult to move up  -Scheduling (for school/ family) is very strict  -Lack of holidays (good holiday pay though)
You really have to know how to deal with people and be a people person
The bizarre politics of upper management sometimes meant that the people on the floor suffered the fallout.
Some the customers nag you and get impatient
Retail stores are unmanageably busy at times, leads to staff burn out and angry customers
Retail hours are demanding, but you have options to create work/life balance. This I think ostensibly thing you have to adjust to
Large Work load is cyclic. Difficult to get electric charging stations.
Work life balance takes a hit at times especially close to release.
From time to time you come across a crappy manager who is on a power trip. Schedules sometimes are crappy, such is the call center life.
infinite amount of work to do. Many emails arrive after 10pm, people still finishing their work Hard to find a good life balance. you want to support the team, so all in. Crowded at the top, you really need to stand out and work hard to even be considered for a promotion.
Limited growth potential. Was advised to leave Apple, find a management position elsewhere, then reapply for management position with Apple. Almost zero chance of being promoted within. BUT this was for the south Florida market.
depends on what you considered as cons, it could be positives in a different perspective
Afflicted with nepotism, there is a perceived sense that some co-workers have reached their positions and compensations due to who they know and not necessarily due to what they know. I do feel that this state of affairs is no longer trending but the most significant indicator of this will be the baseline for the elementary position within the retail sector of this company. The bottom line being, that an entry level position can provide for the employee with a living wage/salary.
Antiquated attendance system, low salary,no opportunity for advancement, clueless management on the retail side and high school politics through and through (typical retail experience).
Tremendous amount of competition between teams to the point of how to frame results to make your team look great and push blame to others. Watch your back environment, someone is always trying to trip you up. Collaboration between groups is non-existent, everything is siloed. iTunes, Maps, MobileMe suffer greatly due to this environment. Not a pleasant work environment at all. Image is everything.
Base pay. For what Apple expects of their Genius Bar and other employees to be able to accomplish and deal with, they are poorly compensated.
work load over whelming at times
It's all about the politics. Diversity could be better. Work-life balance is challenging. Long hours for full timers.
Large company, anonymity, internal non-tehnical people
Management can have inconsistencies across the board. There can be a lot of store politics to work around.
Not transparent as expected. Not much documentation is there. You need to network with others to collect all info you might need.
-management has no idea what it wants -tedious
poor work life balance, poor benefits
The hiring process was a little slow and they seemed like they weren't prepared
Its retail everyone has cons but not really here
Regular retail hours can be challenging at times, customers can be extremely condescending, and you have to deal with a number of customers that are just a pain and provide no value to the time you spend with them.
Seemed to hire managers from outside the Apple store (pottery barn etc)
Management at my particular store was very distant. They spent WAY more time in the manager's office with the door closed than they did interacting with employees or mentoring them on how to be a better employment. Advancement was kind of a joke.
No commission, poor upper management communication
The only downside is the hours as this is a retail job you can be scheduled pretty much any time during the day based on when they are busiest.
Working at the Genius Bar was thrilling work at first (I was with apple for 4 years). If at first the goal to be reached was to help your customer and give a truly memorable experience, apple has strayed far from it. Employees are expected to see x amount of sessions per hour, typically ranging between 10-15 minutes a session. Another issue that became a problem while I was there was the lack of man power. Demand for the Genius Bar was incredibly high but our management teams for some reason could not meet the demand with employees. Promotions and hirings took forever and by the time new employees were onboarded, many more employees had left.
Long hours for part time, can sometimes get frustrating with customers, not the best work/life balance a lot of the time, promotions are sometimes based on who kisses up more
Product releases mean long hours You will become certain that some people should not own computers.
Entitled, and often abusive customers. Management changes strategies every few weeks. Often pressured to sell unnecessary services to customers
Highly demanding, long commute,long working hours
Managers ALL catch a power trip. Some stores are flushed with one race prevailing. Not much ability to move upward because mangers are usually external hires. A big dream is sold to you of the possibilities for advancement, but when you chose a path they dont let you change or you will be labeled as a person with no direction. Really hard to take a day off and managers are really inconsiderate when it comes to life situations.
A lot of favoritism going on
work / life balance gets thrown out the window , often would come home and stair at the wall due to the day being so demanding
Moving up is a little difficult and sometimes can be very biased
If you don't brown-nose then you won't go far. Even if you are perfect at your job, if you don't go above and beyond and work hard to make your manager like you then they won't discuss advancement opportunities any more than they're required to. Whether you keep your job or not is literally based on whether or not customer check a box that says "I'm very satisfied".
I did not enjoy working retail hours because it was difficult to keep a normal routine. I also felt management was less than supportive of my growth within the company, despite my impeccable sales record. The managers at this location tend to play favorites with the people that they like best, not the people who have worked the hardest or been with the company the longest. I did not feel like management was open to new ideas, unless they came from corporate.
The customer was the only con to me. If you don't want to interact with people every moment you are at work, Apple is not the place for you.
Getting promoted from within is harder than what is initially sold to you during the hiring process.
Mangers like to micro manage employees. Senior management does not learn from mistakes and repeat them often.
Not around other apple employees throughout the day at work. Have to be self-motivated and disciplined.
Not much a work/life balance, constantly stressed. Apple is not a black and white or even a slightly grey company. More of a pink and fuzzy when it comes to customers and their demands.
Apple does not give job references. Period. You could be the most incredible employee, but you will have no reference when you leave. HR will tell the inquiring company the dates you worked there and your position. That's it.  Difficult to advance in certain markets  Markets are not unified across the United States in policy and procedure, although they SHOULD be. I worked in two markets 2,000 miles apart, and the cultures couldn't have been more different.  The pay was insulting when I worked there. I think they have rectified the pay scale since.  It can be cultish. Some managers seem completely brainwashed. It's scary.  The company needs to respond better to harassment among employees. Many women in my store were verbally harassed or threatened, and they never let the person go. #AppleFail
Would like to get back into Public Relations
Time off was unpaid. Scheduling was always an issue. No sick time - attendance policy is strict. Customers can be crazy - spent 70% of my time resetting apple IDs. Pressure on the family room means trouble customers get punted to red zone. Leads to worse NPS. NPP didn't really have an effect. Managers are often politicians.
It seems Applecare would mostly hire people who love the company, perhaps so they wouldn't realize how incredibly unorganized the system it is and what a bummer the actual work is. The day-to-day was awful. It felt like being yelled at 40 hours a week with very commiseration from co-workers. The retail employees barely seemed to know how Applecare worked, and Applecare barely seemed to know it worked. When I joined, I had met my manager face-to-face, but after being promoted a few times, I got shuffled around a lot, and management was a mess. I never met any of those managers, none of them cared about my performance or ever really got to know me, and it made it difficult to advance further when I didn't live in the same town as everyone else (the main hubs at the time were Sacramento and Houston). When I gave my two-weeks notice, I e-mailed it to the three possible managers who would have cared (as I recall, my team's previous manager, the brand new manager who had recently come to my team, and a backup manager, since the new manager was already taking time off), and I didn't hear back for a few days. On my last day, nobody contacted me, and I had to call the tech team to ask what to do.
Work with retailers who are born and bred in the retail environment. Experts at selling overpriced jeans, fashion accessories and leading from a high school and gossip mentality get ready to see the foolish, schmoozy, all bark and no bite people get promoted while talented and dedicated employees are passed over. I speak from a place where I learned to play the game and was promoted quickly over and over again during a 6 year period with the brand. I just saw to many talented people get looked over because one person felt they weren't "ready". I lucked out and had some very good mentors help me navigate the politics of Apple Retail. Which is very different than the politics of Cupertino, Cork, Austin, etc.
the competence is high among employees
They set the pace for advancement, not you.
Very political when it comes to moving anywhere within the company. Consistency with policy does not exist when it comes to following through with proper protocol. Because management does not talk well to one another in terms of their people, consistency with policy is actually pretty much non-existent. They'll do one thing for someone and another for someone else. Working within HR you can see how this can be bothersome. The pay is also something to talk about. Looking at how much the company makes on a daily basis (and also how much management makes) you'd think that the employees would get paid at least a decent amount. Unfortunately this is not the case. You almost feel taken advantage of after a while because of everything that you do. It's quite upsetting, especially when you expect more from such a great company.
The hours aren't great, most people get fired due to strict standards on tardiness. Really hard to move to corporate. Most people max out at 'genius,' then have to look elsewhere.
It was a retail job. Your time was scheduled by others. Weekends were not your own. You were subject to bag search upon leaving the store.
Salary, intense customers, their rating system for judging customer interactions is greatly flawed.
Steep learning curve. Does not always stand up for the support person when there is a dumb-and-angry consumer.
There is no flexibility and often the supervisor or management do not have the interpersonal skills to be in there positions or the ability to resolve or assist in any detailed technical issues that arise.  Apple pay is not commiserate to ones experience or schooling.
Little opportunity to grow if looking outside of sales, tech support, or management.
Work/life balance is tough. Micromanagement is an art form
I don't think I have. Come across any cons at the moment I love the job and the company great training wonderful Apple family
Manipulation and training not good enough for the expectations.
You bid for your schedule and your lifestyle (family in my situation) has no input whatsoever. No pay increase for learning new areas, but you can't choose if you want to learn them...unless you move up a Tier
Hard to learn but if you are focused you will be ok
Somewhat of a like-minded culture, although not to the extent that some people describe it.
work life unbalance, frequent travels
Not many. Like any company, there can be pressure from the top down. But that is as bad as it gets!
-People will bug you with their "apple problems" once you work there. -While they offer what seems like endless training for their employees, they rarely promote internally. So, if you're looking for a career I wouldn't advise starting at the bottom level.
Absolutely no progression, made clear by endless 'career experiences' ending in no additional salary bumps.
none at all. I actually have nothing to say bad about working for this company at all. I really do love this company and all it is about.
Low pay Low raises Advancements given to those that play the brown nose game Work life balance Mandatory over time with little notice for product launches
The salaries were a bit lower than market.
Customer focus was hard to sustain when short staffed. Turnover for the mobile team was high for apple retail.
Long hours and not enough recognition
1. Micromanagement 2. Don't research - ask! ("Oh my God, I don't know how to do this so I need to go ahead and ask my manager how to do it without even researching it) 3. Everything is a secret 4. Of course politics 5. People are not that friendly like in Google
Schedule changes every 3 months.
No work-life balance. Management sucks, too many cheerleaders and zero coaches. No room for growth and/or development allowing for no pathway to promotions, any advancement is that of a popularity contest between management. Business managers and business team members are a bunch of goons. Most employees don't see their jobs as a career. Customers can get down right mean and hateful. Too much stress and lack of mental health access from corporate.
1) poor work-life balance compared to other corporates
More strict about time management vs if you were in an office. Harder to get noticed and make a name for yourself. Managers can be distant and not care as much due to no face to face time.
It is easy to get lost in the pace of the store. Finding opportunities to stand out and advance with in the store can be stunted by heavy customer flow and managers who often seem to be under very high stress.
At the end of the day, though there are noble ancillary goals, it is retail sales. The enriching of lives sometimes plays out in a secondary fashion.
Store management was hit or miss. Some managers, while open to feedback, felt any negative feedback was an affront to their personal ability to manage.
Hours per week vary, having to keep up with new product details as well as carrier info, high expectations of customers because of the high level of expectations set by the company, a lot of philosophy used instead of sometimes just taking action.
Hmm.. I got nothing. Apple does everything possible to keep the employees happy. They welcome feedback and actually make changes things that are common "issues".
• 50 to 60+ hour weeks are typical
Really none that I can think of.
The transferring process from store to store is a bit tricky and the communication from market to market could use a bit of improvement. Overall these are very opportunities that Apple can improve upon.
Impersonal, large company, not innovative
Once you become a full time you can not have a set schedule if you were willing to have a different job or go to school.
Unfortunately, Apple's care in hiring does not extend to the managers. While Apple goes to considerable lengths to carefully hire only the best for the non-managerial roles in retail, they seem content to hire pretty much anyone with retail management experience as managers. This significantly damages the overall experience of working there, because for all the talk of being special and better than other retail jobs, in the end, it's really all the same. What makes Apple special happens in spite of the managers, and not because of them.  There is no real opportunity for advancement. You may move from part time to full time, or some inconsequential minor move from one position to another in the store, but any real growth in skill or experience is not rewarded or incentivized with promotion or raises, Again, the managers are nearly all hired externally, when the people who have earned those jobs are kept in lower positions.  Also, the pay is awful. Since leaving, offers I have received have ranged from 23-55% higher than my Apple salary. Apple's benefits are great, but the pay is anything but.
No negatives overall. You must enjoy working at a fast pace and with the retail stores filled with most often hundreds of people all day, nearly every day.
* Management style make take little note of employees as humans who need their personal time. * Perks at work are not that great. * Work pressure is relentless, unless you are brave enough to say no in a company where everyone always says yes. * Sterile work environment.
retail is retail - crazy hours, long days, customers who don't know the distinction between Apple the company and the retail store. People always think we are lying when we say we don't know when products are going to be launched, and they always want us to pass their ideas on to Tim Cook himself.
Poor work/life balance with regularly working full days, nights, and some weekends depending on your position.
Salary doesn't compensate for the amount of work some of the newer employees perform. Hard to find work life balance as a hardware engineer.
If you get lucky and end up in a store where management treats you well and you get along with your coworkers, the job essentially becomes a waiting game. Waiting to get promoted to Genius/Creative, or waiting until you get something better. The customers are typically the worst part of any retail job and it's no less true here. Lots of entitled people, lots of angry people. You get cool people once in a while but dealing with these types of people for 8 hours a day, 5 days a week, is very taxing and will take a toll. Don't believe the spin about moving up the ladder at Apple - except in extraordinary circumstances, you will work as an FRS until you leave. You can sometimes get lucky and move up to Genius/Creative, but the likelihood of going further than that (and even at Manager, you kind of max out) is not to be believed.
-If you are not too strong you will get brainwashed -Most employees are brainwashed with the Apple "Motto" -Will never have free time, always working (Good thing for some, bad for others) -DONT BE LATE, won't be able to grow if you have "Points" from tardy
The hours can be all over the place, but that is retail and should be expected. There is an expectation for managers to accomplish a lot in 40 hours.
Sometimes it gets very busy in the stores which can get kind of stressful, but the pros outweigh that in my opinion. Some customers tend to be very rude which does get tiring.
No work life balance whatsoever.
hard to balance work and personal life pressure to sell products
Work life balance for full time. Not enough hours sometimes for part time when its slow
This is to be expected, but be ready to work crazy hours during the end of the year - during new product release times and holidays. If you're the type to value holiday time with the family, this is not for you.
Sometimes necessary to work long hours and weekends to get job done.
Retail hours include weekends and holidays.
Alas, some of those smart colleagues are sometimes arrogant. With no formal hierarchy in many teams, everyone is formally equal, but as it always happens in situations like this, "some are more equal than others". If you are new to the team and don't silently listen to those who are longer in the company than you and start to dispute and ask "why", chances are you won't be well accepted and won't stay there for long.
Retail schedule, very little opportunity for growth and new positions. So many people want to work for Apple that they bleed people and will hire anyone.
Outside San Francisco, Not amazing work conditions.
Had to be available 80 hours a week to be scheduled 40 hours a week any time between 7am-11pm, including weekends, without any regularity.
Cannot think of anything at this time
Attendance policy, senior management. I'd love to work for the company again, it's still the best company I've ever worked for, and I'm told that the attendance policy has been altered since I left.
Strict but necessary policies, weekend and late hours
Apple is great for retail.... but at the end of the day it is still only a retail job. Corporate retail, at that. At interviewing I was told I would quickly fall into full-time status upon starting work but that just wasn't so. There were at least three other part-time employees in my department that had been there 6+ months who were "working their way" into full-time status.  In one of the new specialist orientation videos we were advised by the new CEO, Tim Cook, to literally "keep your head down, work hard, and don't ask too many question." That set a bad precedent with me from the beginning. Lets be real, Tim: that statement doesn't reek of Apple's purported ideals of curiosity and original creativity.  Management was extremely distant, vague, and generally unhelpful. I'm not sure what exactly it is they do to get paid so well but good for them. Lets just say there is a definite lack of support and communication between management and specialists.  No employee discounts on merchandise, lacking in detailed/comprehensive education on products, and makes employees sign a confidentiality and intellectual property ownership/"Apple owns your original work" for 5+ years agreement upon accepting a job.
Too many people and politics and no personal life balance
Madness. Retail was always busy and there really were never breaks that helped the structure of your day.
Working on Weekends and always crowded
Doesn't really affect me because I was going to school but if this was your full time job and you are looking into moving up within the company it's kind of hard because it's all politic just like any other corp.
Management is spotty, some are great, others aren't. Advancement requires hitting the sales targets, so while it is commission free, you still need to hit certain numbers in order to move. Managment also made a promise to me but rescinded it.
There are no cons to working at Apple. It is an incredible company to be apart of.
Bad schedule due to retail
I do not have any cons at this time to share about Apple
store management too focused on bottom dollar
The schedule is just the worst. If you are looking for a normal 9-5 then this is not the job for you. It is possible to get an Ok schedule, but not probable. Working at home is also very isolating. You are on a strict schedule with breaks etc, so don't expect it to be a chill work from home job.
Dead end position unless your the best of the best of the best, with honors. Metrics driven, customer surveys driven, little actual help in getting out if you're anything less than perfect.  90% of your time is spent fixing password issues. too much time spent on language.
customers are very privileged some managers don't have a handle on their emotions
You're led to believe you're changing lives but you're not. You're getting people acclimated to devices and the iOS. I don't know where these Creative salaries are coming from but I was paid $14.50 an hour with a 5% raise after two years.
Process can take months to get hired
Top to bottom management approach. Manager not technical enough, too much politics. Difficult to move to another team and to be promoted. Environment not open at all. Lots of meetings happening behind your back, some of them might be relevant for your work. Too much Agile development. Performance reviews seems to be based on the number of Radars tackled. Lack of innovation and ambitions compared to main concurrents.
Poor pay for the amount of revenue I bring in
Not much room for promtion. Culture is cult like.
None I can think of
Haven't had any yet. They're diligent to develop and keep employees. They are not "fire happy" nor "clean house" - feels nice to be secure
Hard to advance , very little recognition , lower pay that rest of industry . Lots of talented people doing jobs that they are way over skilled for .
Arbitrary factors in career advancement. Wide variables in expectations. Lacking consistency and managements investment in career advancement.
No work/life balance, heavily dependent on customer satisfaction for performance, call center work environment and scheduling, a funnel when it comes to advancement (not much space to move through to the next phase).
Training is a bit of an indoctrination process. Hours are intense at times. Be ready to work a closing shift that can go long until 10 pm, come home wired from the day, and be ready for a 9 AM shifts or even worse, a 7:30 AM training before a full day shift. It is not your typical retail job in any way, but be prepared for managers who are not as smart as you are, are petty and small minded.
Very little, work life balance for a full timer.
It can be very hectic working here because of the high pace of change.
The consistent growth of the company is not shared with employees, but instead advertised and exploited in a "look at me, I'm Apple" way. The division between corporate employees and retail employees is disgustingly stark and unwelcoming. Growth within the company is nearly non-existent, so much so that I was forced to accept an offer from a direct competitor.
long hours rude people in the office
Anything in Customer service is going to be a difficult job but apple takes care of you and you have team members who will support you.
It's tough to move up the ladder because of the competitive nature. You have to get the managers to like you to get a promotion, if you get what I mean. Work sometimes feels repetitive unless you make the most of it.
It's hard work but it's satisfying!
As far was con’s go, they didn’t have many. One of the con’s is that they monitor everything that you do and it makes it a bit stressful when working there. It feels like all eye are on you especially in sensitive areas of some of the building's.
could not make lateral moves in company w/o upgrade sales at a certain level. Will over-work you if you let them, especially w/ visuals
You get really tired of seeing your room all the time. Customers can be irrational and angry at times but largely they're pleasant so it's not a big deal usually.
Store culture wildly varies by management. Can either be a meritocracy or extremely dysfunctional, all depending on the managers. Not certain that Apple 2015 has the opportunities that I enjoyed---seems that career paths and values were changing to a more traditional sales and retail vibe when I left, complete with managers from Best Buy, other chains that weren't compatible with Apple culture.
Views have to be specific to apples needs and wants
Still like any other retail store
Management stresses. Almost like a salesman.
Nothing bad to say for now.
Management is not well trained and has people who should not be managers, Confusing HR benefits, Get defensive when you don't take overtime, Manager's do not challenge you to prove yourself or help you advance.
no cons I can think of
Honestly it's somewhat tough to maintain work life balance.
Bad leadership within the Apple Online Store and Retail. No chance nor opportunities for growth. Hard work not appreciated.
No upward mobility, and no connection to cooperate jobs.
Apple had at one time a supreme customer focus but now the focus seems to be more on profits. Apple has traded some of their personality for profits.
Only in Cupertino. Expensive cost of living.
The constant customer interaction can be a bit taxing.
Apple is a high-stress environment if you assume any sort of responsibility. (Part-time specialists aka sales are probably the exception to the stress rule.) Advancement can prove to be very tough as even the smallest of Apple Stores can have 60 or more employees all wanting promotion opportunities.
It gets really hard to progress after a certain point which can become really frustrating and stagnant.
Some have difficulty understanding culture that needs to be preserved.
Long hours around product launches, specifically iPhone launches. Hard to advance if you aren't kissing up to the right people.
I know a lot or little about the apple company and I would like to help people with some problems with their devices.
Pay rate, sometimes a hostile environment.
-Lots of sugar coating when giving/receiving feedback
working hours are kinda late.
1% of applicants get the job causing too many people to be overworked. break room is not up to par. Horrible leave policy and procedure. Inexperienced Store Leader. Micromanaged. CORPORATE HR (NOT GOING TO NAME NAMES) ARE IMMORAL, MANIPULATIVE AND UNETHICAL
Customers can be quite entitled. They need to constantly be reminded that there is a level of ownership responsibility and I do not remember your password. Sorry.
Terrible hours, shift changes every 3 months, hard to move up
Just because its Apple doesn't mean its immune to bureaucracy and under performers, I imagine this its just as bad or worse at any other given company. Apple expects high performance, and its frustrating when untalented people "rise to the level of their incompetence". Changes come down the pipe hard and fast, so your job might change drastically overnight. Thats both a plus and a minus.
Any time there is a new product vacations get put on hold. You can't take time off during the holidays to visit family. If you say that you cannot work certain days then you will get bumped from being full time. There is no rhyme or reason to how the schedules get made. I moved on to be able to have time off for races and my family.
Hate the lack of involvement Working hours
Bottom line, it is retail. You are in a retail environment and expected to have ultimate flexibility and be able to work later than you might like.
punctuality policy, (youre late at 8:01) is a little rough
Hours could be long but you don't mind since the work is amazing. Your spouse may mind though!
100% happy (here is my 5+ word minimum)
- tons of politics between teams - people are treated like resources here, don't expect anyone to care about your work-life balance -- but you have to be willing to sacrifice to do well here - culture varies drastically from group to group, some groups are great and some have a toxic culture - it seems to get ahead here you have to both be a rockstar *and* willing to step on people to get to the top -- which results in the top management spots being held by people with questionable moral standing
The pay for this title is disappointing. The average genius salary is lowering as time progressing. I work next to people with the same title and make ~20% less then them.
Customers Work life balance Favoritism
Career path and growth not clear.
Ended up wasting my time by never allowing me to use my skills, never introducing me to the team, and keeping everything a "secret" so that nothing could be properly communicated
Working in Applecare is separate from working for Apple's headquarters so it makes it hard to move up into corporate if that's your goal. Things change a lot, almost on a day to day basis. Once you think you know whats going on, it changes.
none to share really, great place
if you have a negative personality and all you see is the bad, then this isn't the place for you
Compensation is slightly low when compared to others, especially considering what company you're working for. Some stores can be politically charged, that is, a subset of employees will be focused on ways to curry favor or advance by any means. Any workplace can, this is simply no exception. If you can adjust to this, it may not be a con. If you move into a leadership position, you will have to drink the cool-aid. Again, this is not necessarily so bad, but this company is very protective of its brand and can employ strict language and constraints on how you operate. Part-timers have very limited opportunity to pursue additional training and other experiences in the store. Full-timers may find these opportunities rare and highly competitive. Hours and scheduling procedures were a constant if minor frustration throughout my tenure, consistency, interpretations of policy and clear procedure were grappled with regularly. It's better-than-average retail, but it's still retail. All the cautions and issues of a large chain store apply.
-Gets tiring talking on the phones all day. -Internet reimbursement doesn't cover internet -Very competitive to move up -Work on most Holidays
If you are not used to the pace and demands of an active and popular retail footprint, the requirements for participating in an Apple Store can be daunting. Not all managers are created equal. While Apple does a much better job than most in screening and advancing employees and managers, some stores are more challenged than others in how they are managed and the quality of the employee experience. Retail has very tight scheduling needs, and some part-time employees may not be able to support the minimum required scheduled time allocations. Apple products are highly desireable, and as such requires much more vigilance around shrink (shop-lifting, etc.), without being directly confrontative.
Some people afraid layoff everyday.
no change to move up
working inside Chinamobile retail store
Long hours Demanding metrics Treated very poorly by customers ATTENDANCE POLICY
- Alot of pressure to perform excellence - Errors are magnified - Customers can sometimes be irrate. - Very to little work/life balance at all
The management was awful. With so many talented employees internally, I was amazed how often they hired managers from other companies such as Starbucks and AT&T. It ruined the culture. I had several occasions in which the manager would come over to the customer and make the situation worse. Plus, we had a lot of injuries in our store with doors and I know several employees (>5) who sustained severe injuries because of faulty doors (a broken foot, a sprained ankle, a contusion that caused years of nerve pain, a 24 year old on a cane because of a door handle and another back injury from that same door). They never bothered to fix it after years of requests.
The only Con is that it's retail and because it's retail sometimes that means long shifts and early opens but hats okay because it's RETAIL!!!
Just like any other call center type job! Working from home can be quite boring
Over the last 5-6 years the company has started to get management top heavy. Decision by committee has curbed some of the innovation. The paradigm of the company has been shifting from making amazing things to making money and being consistent. There has been a shift to all things being created by design which has led to a lot of lesser quality products. FCP would be a prime example of this. Mentoring and career dev used to be a priority, now it's nonexistent (At least in my dept) Also the compensation is just OK. Bonuses and salaries have been in decline unless you're in upper management.
a lot of pressure, rewards are mediocre
Nothing. I love working for Apple
Dealing with the crazy customers.
In some cases reps are hired on the basis of the position being full time only to find out its company disgression as to if full time is needed. Too many metrics.
can't think of anything right now
If you work in AppleCare, you will work holidays during peak season and product launches. Long hours during those times even if you're part time. Prepare to put life on hold during those times.
The Raises suck, they say there is room for advancement but that's not always the case, attendance policy sucks.
Job can be very focused, and won't let you develop into other areas.
I have not come across a con.
There are none at all really.
* boys club * some of the managers a bit chauvinistic towards woman * lost some hearing due to the dB levels
The pay isn't that great
Tim Cook is not amazing
base salary is average relative to size and success of company
Little chance for growth in the company. The company cares more about the culture than the employees skill set.
It's retail, so you're taking the blame for a lot of things that aren't really your fault. Hours are a bit of a drag, holidays and weekends.
None that I could think of. The cons might be the amount of expectations they ask for. They give little wiggle room for subpar metrics!
10 years ago Apple was all about making customer's happy. Now it's about fattening the bottom line which no one the front line sees. I am the face of Apple yet I am at the bottom of a the food chain. Company only hires managers from Gap, Starbucks, and Target. These people do not know the unique culture Apple once had and are contributing to the demise of our culture. My boss doesn't need to know my job in and out but they do should know how to motivate, inspire, challenge, and lead me.
long hours, security measures sometimes prevent me from getting things done quickly, no free food, extremely secretive
Dead end retail job, managers typically from retail, they have retail goals and metrics so drink up on the Kool-Aid if you want any chance of promotion or more hours
little room to grow, a lot of micromanaging going on. Long hours during holidays and launch days. pressure to sell Apple care and one to one training for specialist.
Management, Incentive, Talent Acquisition, Accountability, Positive Intent, Business Conduct and Politics - You will see a massive discrepancy between external hires and internal hires. There is a serious culture at Apple - its quite beautiful actually - and those who don't come up in the proper channels tend to push that aside for their own previous workplace habits and behaviors - which creates a huge divide. Positive intent and feedback are a huge part of the internal success at Apple - most Managers do not adhere to this - you are sized up and a decision of who you are is made and it is very hard to break that, very unfair. If you are talented, motivated and work hard you will find out fast what the ceiling looks like in great detail. You will be made to feel like you're in a bad relationship, where when you reach out to your management for support or recognition they push a bluff in your face of saying, "maybe you should take your talents elsewhere then." Can lead to resentment, feels of being unappreciated, overworked. ALL THE MOST TALENTED VALUABLE PEOPLE WILL LEAVE BECAUSE OF THIS. The way to move up is to be political, that is a proven fact. Also, prepare to have all your holidays cut short because you are retail. Remember - Apple transcends retail - until you hold them to it.
Customers are sometimes awful and entitled. Hours were never a guaranteed thing. Sometimes I was treated like I did not know what I was talking about by customers.
Very competitive to get in and a lot of responsibilities. That's about it really. Everyone is friendly and not much to complain about
Constantly shifting responsibilities, new initiatives,
lots of ambiguity to sift through, lots of projects just because it's slow, haven't seen many promotions from within
A lot of work but awesome
Long hours but love the company the store was amazing but didn't like some of the co workers they were caddy
Nothing much to say, Thanks
Everything is terrible. Bosses do what they want to do. Co workers are able to act any kind of way. It's not after 5 yrs what I thought it would be!
Repetitive, not much room for growth on the Elk Grove campus in the IT Helpdesk role.
Work / life balance can sometimes be challenging.
Rough working with customers sometimes, as we try to exceed expectations and sometimes expectations are implausibly high.
There a lot of work to be done and a lot of pressure to work long hours, and there's no free lunch.
-You leave work sometimes feeling exhausted. -You don't want to talk to anyone for like an hour after working. -If you don't work with management to get a life/work balance schedule, you can really start to feel like a yo-yo.
Call center so the calls are non stop
Retail hours. If you plan on living a "normal" life and like your weekends and holidays spent on your own time rather then Apple time, forget about it. At times the leadership team sounds more like a well trained robot rather then actual human beings. Sometimes the culture can be a little too cult like and it seems as though people can forget that there's more to life then technology.
it can get really busy and take a lot of time if you do not move fast enough
They are open 24 hours, so some shifts are not for everyone.
-No work/life balance (even for a PT position) -Work most (if not all) weekends -Retail store so you have to deal with rude customers on occasion -Hours can be demanding and draining  There were no glaring cons to me. If you are okay with working in a retail environment, then you will do well.
long hours standing hard to move up in the company
IT was good everyday it was
Very stressful other than that can't complain
the amount of oversiht i smothering
Good old boy network, slave drivers, racist management. If you work the closing crew you become the cleaning crew as well, dusting, cleaning the bathroom (except the toilet/floor), cleaning the microwave. Some of the managers speak down to the employees in a demeaning way like kindergarteners. Also extremely low morale amongst staff unless you're one of the "favorites". Sexist bosses with young naive pretty girls. Many guys would have nothing to do with customers who were looking for "just" an iPhone or iPod, so Management would allow the boys to chat until a computer sale came up (supposedly there's no commission) and make the women hustle for those small sales ALL DAY long. Corte Madera store, for 1/2 hr. lunch once you clock out, it takes 3-4 minutes just to get to the break room to get your lunch. Basically, we'd have 20 minutes to hurry, gobble down food, pee, wash hands, check phone, then go around and through the store to clock back in...all within 1/2 hour. All in all, the schedule was never the same week to week so it was impossible to plan a life. Boy when they needed you you were theirs. If things were slow, maybe you'd get 20 hours. I couldn't live like that, let alone survive on such little money!
Large staff, the pay could be better considering the level of skill set necessary to be proficient, minority diversity in leadership is not conclusive across all retail markets.
some of the downfalls of working at apple were the long hours and the busy busy stores and impatient customers.
Long hours, early start time for Pacific Time Zone. Also, difficult to get vacation time if you haven't been with the company long enough.
Very fast-paced and the customers basically never stop. Apple also seems to be relying more and more on using less employees to accomplish more things, which can be exhausting if you allow it to be. It's also very difficult to make a name for yourself since you're surrounded by so much other high quality talent.
The real problem with this place is the contracting model that started long time ago. The whole IS&T was built on top of it. A lot of the full time including many managers are coming from that background. Technical skill wise they can only offer the very basic and usually have no idea or insight when it comes to design and engineering. Mentally this brings them job insecurity and pushes them the urges to move to managerial role asap.  Projects in this places usually have tight timelines to meet business needs so quality was never the main concern. In this place you will not learn anything new as you will be working with raw SQL and single methods with 2000+ lines of code embedded within static classes everywhere. Most of the internal business facing systems, if not all, were developed by contractors from various vendor companies. These contractors, as Apple grew, were converted into full time and some later became managers.  Due to the large number of projects taking place in this org and the restriction on the rate of contractor conversion, sometimes outsiders will get hired in to run projects. Don't get me wrong, you are not really making any decisions here and if you are hired as a PM, you will be dealing with politics on a day to day basis. If you are hired as an engineer, you will not have any impacts at all because you are not allowed to code using the best practices. The technologies, methodologies and design patterns that you have learned are going to cause them fear of losing control and that is something they really do not want to see because they have no where else better to go. So they will try everything to stop and 'humiliate' you. After sometime you started to think, maybe this is not the right place and choose to move on. If you are NOT lucky enough to see the lucky ones move on, you will again see this bad cycle happening over and over again: Contractors getting converted, buddies of some higher up getting hired without following proper HR guidelines and occasionally some external hires (when they had no other options)  In IS&T you will see this quick people turnover quite often. It has the tendency of not able to keep the good people around. The ones left there mostly share the same kind of mentality. You will be wasting time if you think you could have it changed. The culture of this organization really isn't what represents the TRUE Apple. Hard work is not recognized, performance review won't make a difference if the BIG boss thinks about you differently. If you are skillful and young, join startup. If you can get an offer from anywhere else but IS&T from Apple, by all means go for it. The culture there will be completely different. If you really want to join the company with no other options at the moment, BE READY TO SUFFER AT LEAST FOR 365 DAYS!
On one level, Apple Retail is like no other retail store. At another level, there is no way to take the retail out of Apple Retail
Double chats can get hectic
none, really I have nothing to complain
Works lots of hours. Need to be motivated to change the world
Worked in a smaller store and it was very clicke. Felt like high school
Very rigid employee policies and full timers are expected to be available without much discretion given to preferred days off.
too big to move fast, dependency
It can be difficult and competitive to go full time.
Not too many cons to working here. It is retail after all but for retail it is amazing. Great leaders that challenge you, so I guess if you don't like to grow then Apple isn't for you.
On your feet a lot.
- It takes time to get a Full Time position and that is typically lauded as a promotion - High turn-over
Bad work life/balance. Some managers are fake.
Low pay. It was decent for college but not so much as I got older
finding an opportunity in your desired field
can be really busy but thats good
A lot of micro managing.
They are very secretive which translates to exclusionary. It is hard to learn the business and questions are not encouraged. The culture is quick to blame.
Very demanding and high expectations
Opportunities na na na na
Structured, hierarchy, secretive, worked more than I clocked
tired, work too late, sleep little
Can be too fast paced at points
I can't think of any cons for the company, they truly are awesome, only way you could not like apple is if you have no drive to succeed
No flexibility with schedule and your schedule changes every 3 months
Long hours for part time
Pay is not great considering how profitable Apple is. Retail schedule makes it very difficult to have work/life balance. Management does not really make an effort to make that better.
the leadership has a very horrible management style. i did not enjoy my time with this employer at all, sadly.
Nasty/rude customers, not much other than that.
Can be lots of hours when crunch time
There are none to list.
The only con is working retail hours. No set schedule.
application process took significantly longer than it did at other companies, I also felt that there was not much room to move up in the company or department.
-Metrics are outrageously important -Customer feedback surveys are outrageously important
None. Absolutely zero complaints. Working for Apple is hands down the best career choice I've ever made.
Moving up can be difficult.
The biggest con is that phone metrics determine your work schedule every 3 months. That might not be a con to some, but if you have other scheduling factors in your life, such as a college class or your child's school schedule, this could be a huge challenge when working as an Apple At Home Advisor.
Unfortunately the majority of Apple employees are Intelligent and creative so there ends up being a lot of "passing over" of extremely qualified candidates for positions. Additionally, if you are hired one year for a position at a specific hourly wage, a new employee who starts say 4 years after you for example could end up making a great deal more than you even with 4 years of raises under your belt, simply because Apple pays well, but their pay increases are very minimal from year to year.
Management skills depend entirely on the branch, customers can test patience.
management needs work, needs to motivate whole team
Staff management work life balance
The work can be stressful as the job site itself can be psychologically strenuous. Being underground for 8 to 9 hours in a crowded room without direct sunlight can be a bit of a downer. Also depending on your manager, you'd get really great reviews and consistent feedback, or none at all.
Micromanaging. Politics. No lean on scheduling
None, nothing bad about working for Apple at all.
salaries kinda lower then other rivals
Negativity from those that aren't growing.
Retail is still Retail. Hours are all over the place.
Stores are really busy during the holidays and it is tough to get time off a lot of times.
Because they are willing to get people based off of culture over skills though their contract employer it seems a lot like high school. Turn over is ridiculous and if you don't kiss butt or know the right people you may get stuck in a position. Over coaching gets frustrating but I know it's what the want from management. You can only have so many weekly meeting to review metrics when you are amongst the highest ranking .  The calls can be terrible and a lot of internal transfers can be just as bad as people don't know how to do their job or hang up or blind transfer a rough customer to a group that has nothing to do with the issue.  Shift rotates every 3 months for no reason but to be fair. Once a year the lowest ranking employees will get first pick at the schedule before the other higher half.
can have overbearing customers. need to learn lots of new computer programs. what you support can change.
Not every store has a great management team. Some management teams promote based off of favoritism, making employees feel like their hard work and efforts are pointless. Managers are hardly ever on the floor, so they do not know what goes on.
Some customers can be cranky and rude, but that's to be expected. Also, career growth opportunities are not always well defined.
worse balance in lift and work. Pay does not match to reputation. Do not have enough respect to the software developer.
No work/life balance. Work long hours, have to work at least one weekend day and very few holidays off.
since the los of Steve Jobs the new management has shifted focus off of great customer service and products and moved it to more profit driven models and metrics
long hours start off as part time
Not so much of work life balance. No room for vertical growth and no manager direction or care for development. Can be micro managed and managers show favoritism
Many times the store would be understaffed. The managers were also very harsh on employees making the work environment very stressful.
Retail experience is very daunting over time. Limited growth.
Retail hours means no set schedule.
No unpaid time off No negotiating pay Can't do shift bids as a college advisor
Work-hardy environment, face paced and sometimes no time to breath, deadlines will either make or break you..
Communication has been delayed at times.. It seems like they're going through a busier than normal time of hiring right now.
Certain aspects of teamwork can sometime feel a little bit forced
There is always a downside to customer support some people can be really rude but the better you get at the job the easier it is.
Stressful at time due to busy traffic. Flexibility with availability you can work. Movement within the store sometimes can be hard due to available positions
There's a long line, to get to where you want to get to with Apple. If you want management, you may be best served working for the GAP or Old Navy and going up faster through there ladder and then transferring to Apple. Finally you are at the will of the business in regards to your hours, so kiss the weekends goodbye!
None, benefits are cheap, Internet is compensated, short hours, great pay. They support you and your family if anything comes up and you need to step away
Graveyard hours, and working from home gets kind of lonely
Few advancement opportunities, calls are tedious, schedules are picked by company during summer and winter
Too push. A lot of projects and needs at least 50 hours a week. If you like busy job, it will be a good option
Very busy stores. Customers expect a lot from you when shopping. Despite Apple recruiters telling you it's about creating the Apple experience for customers, it's really a retail job with targets of selling add-ons.
it was not a permanent position
Due to company being so large and having consumer demands, hours can be inconvenient at times
I worked in a store in the Silicon Valley and everyone was very concerned with appearances and "getting to corporate" more than the job at hand. Apple also really likes to employ Apple fanboys and, as a non-fanboy myself, they made my time there fairly unpleasant. For example, management often gave me a hard time about my personal phone not being an iPhone. I also felt discriminated against for being female.
The schedule is erratic and there are too many clopens. I can never get the time off I want. The management team doesn't talk to each other. Corporate directives suck
- No TT/Ping Pong, foosball, or other recreation options in any campus except may be the one building - Silent, dull environment, with everyone just simply doing their work and like robots. - Much like a big professional corporate, no startup culture (though in the induction, they say they still work like a startup - that's completely false) - 401K contribution is very less for the starting, unlike companies like Intuit which give 125% contribution right from the start - Gym is nice but joining takes time. And Gym is not free like other companies. - Cafetaria is not as great as companies like LinkedIn, Intuit, Netflix - and not even close to Google, Facebook.
Corporate policies are strictly adhered to, by the letter of the law one can and will find their employment terminated. Walking the straight and narrow and knowing how to play ball are essential survival skills.
Retail hours with large blackout dates
You want to buy everything when you work there
Advancement is very difficult if you do not fit the mold of charater traits that are usually promoted. Probably the same as with any other company. Also, probably not going to get rich working for Apple unless you are a super genius or willing to move to Cupertino(and be a super genius).
-Very political, especially when it comes to hiring managers. Several internal managers have been snubbed which is why they probably left. -Leadership team is made up of those who haven't even graduated from college yet they hold the title and role of manager. They are no more than just factory managers ensuring the busy bees stay working and on time. I feel so bad for those employees who are woefully underpaid with no real career opportunity working in the mall. These managers aren't visionary at all, just maintaining the work. -WOULDNT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANY OF MY FRIENDS OR FAMILY
Not much room for advancement in Customer Service side of things, unless you plan on becoming a people manager, go into HR or something like that.
Troubleshooting process when on a call. Micro-management
As with anything in retail, pay wasn't enough to support myself full time (hence my other full time job), but I worked there because I really enjoyed it. In comparison to other retailers though, Apple pays their employees substantially more.
Poor culture, poor management, employees are disposable.
-Corporate secrecy can get in the way of business -Not enough communication between departments outside of retail
Hard to get a full-time position.
You have to like being told what to do, not too much room to do things your way, work with some employees who have no drive but enough to do their job
Unfortunately, most of management didn't live up to the same standards as the employees. In the store I was at, sucking up to management was far more important than what was done well. I saw many highly capable people get passed up for advancement.
Apple customers are passionate which can result in anger and tears if the product doesn't work. Must have thick skin to work in the family room! Long hours.
Management in the Hawaii market is horrible. They will go on their little power trips and throw anyone under the bus that will benefit themselves.
- The Retail hours can wear down on you after a while. - They expect their leaders at all levels to be ready to make Apple their life's work, even people who are only the equivalent of team supervisors.
Work life balance doesn't exist, work is life. It's not too much of a con, because everyone within the Apple bubble feels this way, so it just becomes the norm.
Some long term employees may ignore you at first but that's probably because they've seen so many come & go. Always be friendly & most people eventually thaw.
After 5.5 years of working for the biggest company in the world I have realized a few things. Life will take you places where you never expected them to go. I have failed, learned, grown, and succeed. I also have met some of the most talented, and inspiring people I have worked with. There was a person who I worked with that loved his job. He stayed late nights working and did everything he was told to. He was one of the most compassionate and caring person I have ever met. He had a lovely kid and a wife. A few months later he passed away. At that moment I realize life can be gone at any second, and many people don't realize that the current moment it's your most valuable moment. A few days later I found out that they were trying to fire him for a long time ago for a system that its structure was design only for better performance that makes more revenue. This system goes so far that ignores any kind of good talent or people that actually care about helping others. It also ignores any work life balance because of the needs of the company. It's a company that was designed so well that brainwashes people into thinking that they are doing good to the world. Never be afraid of standing up for yourself. Even if you become that little rock on their shoes. You and your family are the most important things is life. Follow your dreams and help others get to where they want to be. Find your inspiration and work hard to get where you want to be.  Pay is not the best. Raises and promotions are based on employee favoritism.
Lots of time management metrics to be conscious of. New products and training for new releases isn't provided until same day as public announcement. Can be challenging.
You better want to work hard
Somewhat high stress. Everyone seems serious / tense. No one is having much fun. Average salary. Fewer perks than competitors (no free food, for instance).
Work Life Balance, Pay, Hours, Lack of path to management
there is no set schedule so your hours vary alot
Like most retail spaces, the customers can be demanding and it can be difficult straddling the line between customer service and rewarding bad behavior. Although the pay is particularly high for retail, though may not offer great options for living in SF.
• Heavy with middle-management • Oppressive political environment • Cafeteria caters to people who prefer not to eat meat, "gluten-free" folks, etc., but does not provide viable options for people who wish to eat normal food.
Mixed bag over overly aggressive sales managers, to bad partner management in the bestbuy locations. Commission was always cut and dried up like a desert over the years. Dishonest coworkers with lots of shady business practices endorsed and signed off by management. Limited promotion opportunities
Too much mircomanagement. Required to work EVERY weekend. Company boasts too much about earnings yet 40% of staff are Part Time. Work Life Balance non existence without months notice of requests off
Honestly having worked in the same or similar positions for several other companies, I don't know of anything negative I would say. Tremendous opportunity.
Work/life balance can be an issue depending on your position and schedule. The company is becoming more and more like a big box store.
Always busy and sometimes you have those days where every customer you deal with is difficult
Standing all day gets old. Working for a tech company sometimes you deal with people that just don't get technology but they want to and they expect you to magically make it happen
Work can get very repetitive, senior management can be a pain pushing corporate nonsense.
If you prefer to have to work with ambiguity then this is a perfect position. While there are no cold calls being made the CRM is still working with customer information that is more than 4 years. Working on the business teams means you have to learn a ton of company information in short order and implement it with proficiency. While that is a common theme in any company, if your customer base does not have this demand, you are look to falling short of the goals. Apple is not for everyone and just as click-y as any other company. If you are not on the inside of decisions or not aligned with leadership then you are invisible.
Worked with a lot of lifetime Apple employees, building a lot of custom solutions which did not help me build my skill set and/or wasn't relevant with leading marker player tools.
Politics of each store, no movement from job to career, the entitled customers who come in and completely suck the soul out of you, slowly burning you out of the job.
All of your time becomes work. You are judged for how good you are at your job by how much of your personal life you sacrifice for Apple.
Slow growth, advancement is there but takes a long time to move up
No set scheduling in retail locations. Favoritism. Management pushes their on agenda.
If you are on sales floor you have to prove your self to be one of the few making calls through out the week
Expect meetings on Sunday late nights or early mornings. Not much consideration for work/life balance.
You will work on holidays and in many cases won't have a lot of say about your initial shift. Apple does work hard to accommodate and after your initial hire schedule (6 months) you will bid for your shifts and that is performance based vs. longevity.
pay could be a lot better
Management is horrible, they don't listen to their employees.
(Fifth Ave Store) -Can be a very stressful environment -Managers' attitude toward employees is terrible -The pay rate does not match the work load required at this store -Inconsistent schedules. Schedule will be vastly different day to day. ex. of a daytime schedule is Mon 8am-9pm /Tues 1pm-10pm/ Wed 11:30am-8:30pm /Thurs 7am-4pm /Fri 9am-6pm
Not much to go on yet. But the hours can be a con.
Sometimes it creates an environment like High School with such a broad mix of characters. The shifts, like any retail job, can sometimes be difficult to have a vacation around. It is very easy to burn out at the Apple Store because there are so many customers and it's very loud and "go go go." There is a lot of competition for new jobs even within the store.
You're working in a store. Quite detached from the rest of the company.
"Needs of the business" is an excuse used for everything including work-life balance, you MUST have open availability if you're full-time so forget have any kind of a consistent schedule, its retail so the hours WILL stink, God forbid you aren't thinking of "the team" when giving feedback to management.
Pressure from management can sometimes be a little overwhelming. Also, gives the feeling your never doing enough. They can always give negative feedback, but hard to give positive feedback.
narrow career path limited training opportunity
Management leaning on favorites vs true applicable skill
I didn't experience any cons really.
The most challenging position I've ever held in terms of patience, time management and stress. The volume of interactions you lead while working the bar is mentally draining. Everyday feels like a test of your own personal abilities as the questions the average consumer will have almost always seem counter intuitive to the way technology works. Most want to be hand held doing the most mundane to extreme tasks all without doing the diligence to learn how our technology will enable them.
scheduling, can be difficult to advance from current position
Cons: Not many perks for contractors. Very strict with information control and compartmentalization.
Not enough training in social working area
Rude customers Growth is uncommon Pay could be a little better
it is in the end a sales retail job. very high expectations in sales. too much fraternizing in the workplace.
Traveling and sometimes the stores might get really busy
The management personnnel usually don´t care for the employees as individuals.
Some cliques can form with management, some newspeak moments during reviews and interviews for promotions.
-Complete lack of work/life balance. It's retail, say goodbye to weekends or plans outside of work.  -Absurdly inconsistent hours. Many instances of closing the night before only to find yourself opening the next day.  -Though pay is well for a retail job, the hours are scarce, resulting in bi-weekly pay checks that feel like they don't nearly compensate for what you have to deal with.  -In my time with the company, I transitioned from a sales specialist to a "family room specialist," or a technician for mobile devices. There was no pay raise, though I took on a much more stressful role. This makes the store expect much more out of you with no added compensation.  -Being part of such a renowned brand, the customer base can be terrible. Clientele often feel entitled and then take it out on the specialist that has the misfortune of breaking the bad news to them. This was a daily occurrence that really took a toll on morale and put stress on the specialist.  -Often times, it felt like store leaders and managers force-fed and sugar coated the company way too much. Anyone who wasn't as enthusiastic about their job was immediately looked at in a different light.  -No recognition from corporate other than an occasional "thank you" via video. With a company's face being its retail stores, they do a poor job making retail feel significant.  -There is a clear and defined line between Apple Corporate and Apple Retail. Apple Corporate has a very secretive nature and has a poor way of executing "in the moment" training.  -Awful system of attendance points for occurrences and requesting time off. Having to request time off almost a month in advance with no guarantee of it being approved is infuriating.
It's a retail job. You work long hours for little pay and the work never seems to end. Staying for a long time in such a position leads to burn out and resentment - of the customers, your coworkers, managers, etc. Limited growth opportunities, because you are mainly limited to the confines of the positions available in the store. The Kool-Aid wears off rather quickly.
Bad office-personal life balance.
There are a lot of weirdos.
Hours were inconsistent as a full-time employ. Despite getting vacation time, the company was pretty strict about you being able to use it.
The balance of work life gets alil blurry at times and the business sometimes gets overwhelmed by the large clientele that common things likes breaks get push out the way very often.
There are no benefits. The pay was sufficient for the technical work you do helping customers fix their apple products.
- retail hours (holidays and weekends are gone) -
Might be difficult of move up
didn't get to work directly for Apple. Contractor experience totally different from Apple direct-hire employee.
Benefits do not make up for lack of compensation and upward mobility or development. Raises are very conservative. Retail hours and poor holidays.
Hardwork. It can be very stressful
Working retail has its challenges, working holidays probably being the biggest challenge.
long hours and even though they were long the pay was't the greatest and it was hard to scrape by
Retail hours are very inconsistent
Not the most competitive salaries unfortunately
very hard work life balence. inconsistently shift schedule. micro managing. limited to carrier path.
scheduling was my only issue, my husband travels and our schedules would change to meet the needs, as is expected. But I was "promoted" to a chat position and permanent full time, but lost my schedule I had worked hard to obtain the first year and half because I was new in chat. This made daycare coordination difficult, so I started looking for other work.
- Constantly monitored - The entire shift is work, you are constantly thinking and solving problems
Trying to not wear your pajamas after work to the store
No communication from upper management Old vets worried about younger people coming in and taking jobs Too many chefs in the kitchen, everyone things they are the next Steve Jobs Pompous in Cupertino
The company has become more corporate in the last few years. They're pushing for selling specific things harder than they ever have before.
Pay Office Space (Don't have a dedicated office space)
- Incompetent Team Managers - No consistency between managers. One will praise you while the other will put you down. - If you're not someone's favorite, don't expect to move up. - During launch times, you'll be expected to work 60+ hours per week. Mandatory with no exceptions. - If you don't "fit in" you'll be ostracized.
Sometimes you get terrible yuppie customers which sucks and could really lead to a bad day
They feed you a ton of BS and koolaid
ratcheting commissions yoy, decelerators, 70/30 split
Work comes before school Needed overtime during certain times of year longer than expected
Contract Worker: To much micromanagement, no incentive to move forward ( contract employment is finite no pay raise for increased individual productivity )
None in my opinion everything is awesome working for them.
APPLE RETAIL IS A VERY POLITICAL WORK ENVIRONMENT.  If you do not drink the kool-aid and play the political game, you will either wash out or be overlooked for any type of promotion. The retail store managers love playing favorites and they have their hand-picked successors already thought out way before any interviews for promotions begin. Store leaders are competent people, but some visions of what running a retail operation is like are very skewed. Management promotions are few and far between and they love bringing in external hires for management roles. Don't expect to fast track to any promotion here. There's people at my store who have been in the same role for 3-5 years with no growth in sight. Also, the pay could honestly be better. It's great that they pay pretty well for retail, but with no commission coupled with the amount of idiotic people we deal with on the daily basis AND the fact that Apple made $18 BILLION last quarter, you should be paying your people way more.
Repetitive days and inconsistent schedules.
it can be very hectic at times and you have to deal with ambiguities
The hours are extremely inflexible, you may get emails at 4 am you are expected to answer not to sleep, it is extremely demanding.
When you're part time it can be tricky to get hours, you're basically per diem and get put on the schedule when they need extra support.
Too Many Chefs in the kitchen
It is easy to burn out on all the work to do.
Customers with entitlement issues, chat is open 24/7 with no holidays off (but you get very nice holiday pay).
Sometimes overwhelming amount of work.
Management not always great. Played favoritism at times. Tough to move up in the company. if you want a set schedule this is not the place for you.
Nobody outside the store cares about you, almost impossible to get promoted outside the store or even to management in the store.
it's retail. long hours, weekends, some holidays, dealing with angry customers who treat you like disposable garbage. no real opportunity for growth aside from a handful of opportunities within the retail store - once you've achieved your goal in store, aside from developing yourself, it seems like you're stuck. corporate is not realistic for most employees unfortunately. wish company helped develop more skills that would be useful outside of apple retail
I don't worry really have any Cons that i can list off from the top of my head. Looking back it was the best job i ever had and the best leadership i ever had
Office politics were extreme at times. Other than that I have nothing negative to say about my experience at Apple.
The retail hustle and bustle can get overwhelming at times , especially during launches and holidays. Not to bad, because they have enough staff to cover the floor.
Busy retail hours aren't for everyone. Not much growth within a store unless you devote a long time to that one sine location.
Schedule can be rigid, and sometimes management gets too stressed out.
In theory- perfect. In execution the people get in the way and things can become a typical retail environment.
Within retail they DO NOT promote or hire enough diversity. Everyone wants to wear a hat but I feel that managers are not supportive in your career goals within the company. The environment often at times feels like you are in grade school again and there is no real work/life balance. You may have a better opportunity working with Apple on a corporate level.
There is not a good work/life balance, even for part-time employees. Attendance policy has been changed to become less flexible. Prepare to be faced daily with angry customers blaming you (the face of apple) for why they forgot their apple id passwords, broke their phone, or can't get into the genius bar because they didn't make a reservation.
It is rare that you ever get a weekend off, and sometimes you work six days in a row without a break.
Fast paced, tedious to be home all the time
Hard floors causes aching joints by the end of the day.
there is not cons at Apple
not too many cons( I'm looking for employment now so do not want to upset the apple nazs)
High turnover rate, long hours. Similar nationalities occupies the entire division. Hard to communicate.
Limited visibility to move up or create change.
Customer facing roles are very repetitive in scope on a daily basis after a few years its hard to maintain enthusiasm. Morale for front line agents is not a very high priority and the company does constantly change your job role and scope with little warning. If you are an At Home Agent the advancement opportunities are very limited in both reach and variety of position.
Not much room for promotion. There is much internal drama directed at certain people. Typically a lack of weekends (due to it being a retail job).
a little low on avaiable hours
Retail - Hard to advance up
Low pay, no advancement opportunities. Favoritism, strict company policies. Unprofessional environment.
As with any retail store, hours are not ideal. Prepare to work several nights and weekends. There is not much room for advancement on the retail side of Apple. Genius is the best position attainable before exploring the manager track, and I have seen several geniuses strung along until they either move to the corporate side of Apple or seek IT jobs outside of Apple.
The retail environment, even though I was a tech, was not for me. I did not like having to work holidays and sell to people.
Located in a mall, weekend hours, late nights, having to push extras when selling product to people who don't need it, management needs work, pay is just above minimum wage.
Management doesn't support the team
Benefits, Pay, scheduling and shift bidding. Time off and benefits are available from date of hire.
Dont go on health leave or disability you will end up loosing your job
attendance policy sucks. hard to days off in advance with the current system they use.
Because it's retail hours, there is no consistency in the scheduling making work/life/balance difficult.
Retail hours.growth potential without relocation is severely limiting. Market based bonus structure makes own store success less meaningful
If you're busy, this job is not for you. You need time to devote to apple
mountain of legacy code, demanding hours for a large company, not the most beloved product in Apple's portfolio
Execs have been saying for YEARS that they understand and will make it better
Nothing really comes to mind.
Nothing but thanks for forcing me to write that
Wen you work in a company like apple you have to be prepare for a lot of stress in your life
Some managers, especially the latter ones are so driven by attach rate, etc it can be annoying and discouraging, no matter how hard you try. Discourage the Best Buy attach mentality.
Unreasonable workload and timelines during product launches. If often felt like decision makers were out of touch with the amount of work required when decisions were made, particularly around production and timelines.
For the intense level of business and angry customers we deal with, your better off applying at a startup company if you want to get paid well. The pay is "above average" for retail, but not by much. you would assume working for a multi billion dollar company you would be able to save money for a vacation right? No, can't do it.
The demand and traffic we saw everyday was brutal and as a "Family Room Specialist", the traffic we saw was absurd at times. Systems were put in place that would set unreal expectations for the customers that were unrealistic. We would have to work at an insane pace to keep up with the traffic we would get and it would not be a normal day if we weren't running 15-20 minutes behind due to the systems put in place. When we would seek assistance from management to report these issues, we basically got the "We are working on it" treatment because that is what they were getting as well. Very frustrating.
Strict high school-like attendance system, difficult to progress in company, will suck the soul out of you if you stay too long
None that I can think of.
Micromanagement - they should really let us soar!
Not a lot of vertical movement. Promotions are hard to come by. Since it is retail, you'll lose your weekends (especially during product launches).
Everyone struggles with a work/life balance, but that's pretty common in this industry. Old school boarding for meetings takes up time that could be spent doing other things. Hard to move up here, as well. Plan on being stuck in the position you were hired for for at least 8-9 years.
No consistent schedule. Too much micromanaging.
Most strenuous retail environment out there, too much change sometimes. Inane company policies and overly complicated sales procedures make helping your customers hard sometimes.
no work life balance. draining work but fruitful
Intense competition. "Amount of years in Apple" is very important.
Always burning situation ultra expensive area cafeteria
Inconsistency of management in store. People working there think they are entitled and are better than other employees.
Sometimes bad hours, working on weekends
While there are long hours, and you have difficult customers as you do with any job, it it still bearable to get through.
Little chance for advancement
Work is long and rigorous. There is very little flexibility in terms of schedule. Once you have a set schedule there is very little you can do to change it. The work can be long and tedious and if you are not good at what you do, be prepared for some criticism.
Hard to move up in the company
there are no Cons to report
Help Desk support as a At Home Advisor pays an average of $14.50 an hour for very stressful hours on the phone, yes, you read that right. From the the MOST capitalized company in the world. Disgusting. No real advancement path except for Tier 2 support or a lateral move to different support teams.
Retail environment, retail hours, must work at least two weekend days per week
I would like to have seen the opportunity to progress into corporate from retail. I was pursuing an MBA at the time.
Working in retail means they control your schedule and your life. Always have to work weekends. Holiday vacations are barred. Being "always on" can be exhausting. Burn out is common. Limited advancement options
Base pay for sales isn't up to the increased cost of living for Austin Tx.
Work is long and rigorous. There is very little flexibility in terms of schedule. Once you have a set schedule there is very little you can do to change it. The work can be long and tedious and if you are not good at what you do, be prepared for some criticism.
Your experience at Apple varies greatly depending entirely on your team and manager. Upper management (not exec level) doesn't like to make decisions and will give vague instructions
Short product dev cycle times
Not any room to grow where I was located. If you're willing to go to California the door is open for growth. Anywhere else in the country and you're going to be stuck in a retail store which I didn't want to do or be stuck workING the same job forever.
Hard to achieve work life balance. OT a lot.
Job was good for the first few months. I noticed that it started getting really repetitive and started getting irritating. The phones seemed to always be busy and there is only 8 seconds between calls. This was my first experience with a call center type of job and I honestly think the type of job just isn't for me. However, I would think that in regards to other call centers this is definitely one of the best.
Work/life balance is certainly a challenge but it comes with the territory as being the number 1 company in the world.
The Apple internal culture died when Steve passed. The company insisted on hiring sub-par middle management and forgot why the company exists. Does a company need to make money? Yes, but don't do it in a way to sacrifice that culture
too big just like any corporate america
Still has a little bit of feel like a big corporation, red tape, methods, etc which you can expect.
Working in one of New York City's Apple retail stores can be overwhelming due to the volume of customers that enter the store each day and being asked the same questions each and every day.
Drink the koolaid mentality, You're one of dozens of employees so your needs often slip between the cracks, very little room for advancement
Great. that's it yea I did like it.
This job is one that allows you to approach problems in the job by talking to management.
Need to grow the business
extremely high paced working environment, long hours of standing, noisy.
The pay is low compare to other companies in industry. They keep saying how great you are and how great your bonus is going to be and you see a 4% bonus in your paycheck which is quite disappointing
Too many projects and hard to manage.
The work is very boring. It is doing the same thing over and over again every day. Management refuses to fix problems with the company.
Through no fault of the company, the position was not right for me. On top of that fact, it was very difficult to attempt transferring positions. Eventually felt stuck.
Management can be shady/selfish Customers take frustrations out on you Everyone is in a rush Some people try to throw $ in your face as an excuse as to why they deserve preferential treatment Interview process takes forever
Severe work pressure .Less work life balance
hard work and a lot of work load
You'll work hard in a rigid environment that promises innovation, but often discourages or ignores it. Advancement beyond the role of Genius is nearly impossible from within unless you posses an insane tenure and you're extremely chummy with your market managers.
Very busy in the store, almost all the time. Break room is a great place, but too far of a walk/drive. In a 15 minute break, it takes 8 minutes to walk to and from the break room.
Can be difficult to develop relationships with management given the number of employees at each store.
Giant company where you don't have a lot of say as to how to make things
It is usually not that easy to get hired on with a company such as Apple. The pay is decent compared to most other jobs of this type. It is very customer facing so if this isn't your forte then I would stay clear of this occupation.
Biggest Con - no life/work balance, any free time you have, plan on working, rarely will anyone see their family on holidays. No stock options, profit sharing or free food. Your ideas will never be used. No breaks between calls, its off one call then on to the next. Your future depends on whether you have a good or bad manager, as others have quoted. I went through manager roulette, ending up with a bad manager in my corner. You do the math.
Outside of earned time off they really don't work with you if you need time off even if it's a life event.
False Advertisement in Credo, No Work Life Balance, over worked for not even $35k a year, unorganized tenured employees and managers, discrimination in pay and advancement when you are not a white male.
Work-life balance is non-existant. Quite a bit of time spent covering yourself rather than working collaboratively to resolve issues. Vacation is not very good.
A lot of third party integration makes the job a little tedious.
Not many vacation time.
There's very little room for career growth. Many glass ceilings. Burnout is inevitable.
Management - not so great. Room for growth, development and promotion - not so great. The pay isn't worth what you have to deal with.
Bad work/life balance Often responsible for resolving issues outside of your control Burnout
Work weekends and not a lot of room for growth at retail level
Job can start to feel monotonous.
Contractors are rarely converted to permanent employees. Upper Management was not supportive of their teams. Obvious favoritism.
Retail schedule is a bummer, no 9-5 scheduling truly available. Leadership shows difficulty following through with procedures and having developmental discussions. Significant divide between retail and corporate treatment of employees for work-life balance.
the hours and random schedule. the facilities for employees were also poor. customers were very demanding and sometimes crzy
I don't see any downsides
you work in a mall so you wanna spend all your money.... on starbucks food and clothes yikes
Retail Hours Instense work load Employee Career Opportunities low
Retail can be grueling, no fault of Apple, just the business.
Not much upward mobility here
You have to drink the kool aid. Very corporate, end of the day it's still retail.
The scheduling for retail employee's is all over the place. Hard to plan anything more than 2 weeks in advance which makes your social life suffer.
The complexity, intensity, and time spent doing this job consumes most of one's life. There is no work vs. life balance. It is work/life synthesis. I've become comfortable with that, for some, it doesn't make sense.
-Poor management can honestly break the store. Caring more about metrics in a company that makes more money per square foot than any other company in the world is not the best. (including upper management) -You do occasionally get an employee that makes you wonder how they got the role they did since they don't know what they are doing. -The pay increase for promotions is pretty poor and management will not help you out with getting more fair increase (at least in my experience) -It got better the longer I was at the store, but management will bend over backwards to make a customer happy, even if they are in the wrong. It puts you in a bad place, making it seem like it doesn't matter when you tell a customer they have to pay for breaking their screen when they didn't buy warranty.
-extremely long interview process, I waited so long to here back I assumed I didn't get the job -Lots of evaluation (probably the same any customer service position) -it's ridiculous when school starts and calls pick up. I found it to be too much of a headache and quit before I started my hectic class schedule. -dropped summer hours to part time earlier than promised
Always working, no real tech training prior
-You're on your feet constantly and in an annoyingly bright incubator-like store. It somehow works as a marketing device and employees have to deal with it daily -The pay isn't great. It can feel very corporate even though they try to make it not feel like that -The hours are all over the place
At home position can be more stressful that retail. Training is sometimes rushed and you may feel unprepared. Promotions seems to be handed out to luckiest person instead of by true merits.
Where do I start? Let me start by first telling do not join IS&T at any cost. Unless you are of the lowest skill level in the entire valley and no one else will hire you (period).  1) Zero diversity - All employees are of Indian descent and few from Chinese descent. If you are any other race, you will not be treated favorably.  2) Slave shop culture - Employees live in fear of getting a negative rating in their appraisal. Management is all a bunch of power hungry Indians who treat their reportees in a very condescending manner to boost their ego.  3) No engineering culture - Software projects are really CRUD applications at the end of the day, and are completed by 90% contractors from Wipro, Infosys and TCS (Foxconn like) - these temps are really treated like slaves and if you join as an engineer your job is to manage them period. You cannot write code. And the timelines are really short. This cycle keeps repeating each year.  4) No automation, self service tools for most SDLC processes - Very manual, as an engineer you will spend 90% of your day talking to people, fighting turf wars, brown nosing infosec to get your software into production.  5) Poor engineering methods - The people here actually advocate to not use Spring for example. Think about that for a second. Similarly there are a ton of poor engineering methodologies that are driven top down from "has been" engineers who are afraid to allow engineers to make decisions because they will loose control.  6) Top down engineering approach - Engineers are not free to make any technical decisions.  7) A mirror copy of Wipro/Infosys but the kool aid in the job description of a silicon valley company.  8) Infosec bureaucracy - Infosec is afraid of change. Hence as a result projects that takes a week at the most, takes 1 year to go to production, because of age old rules around security and zero automation. In my opinion, if infosec makes rules, then it is their responsibility to make sure that the validation of those rules are self service and that developers are able to get instant feedback in a few clicks. There seems to be a sense of racism as well in the Infosec team (towards the other teams who are not of similar race).  9) ACL controls - This is the worst. To enable connectivity between two systems, you have to put a ACL ticket in place with the subnet masks, source-ip, dest-ip and this takes days to resolve and is always implemented wrongly by the offshore contractor engineer whom you cannot contact directly unless a ticket is in place.  10) Engineers have no power to do anything - ZERO self service tools. You have to go through some team for everything. And each team is building an empire. Imagine the level of bureaucracy in that process.  11) Work life balance - ZERO. You will not get to spend time with your children or wife. At work, you will not work on cool stuff either. You will not have work life balance because of this culture of fear.  12) No free food.  13) Very hard to move out of IS&T into other teams. The other teams I feel, know that IS&T is a step child so they won't hire you (that is if you manage to coax your manager first).  14) Training is separate for IS&T and that sucks hard. All the training topics are old and outdated. No training on new technologies.  15) A few years into IS&T and you probably won't have the coding skills to be hired by any other engineering company.  16) Heavy politics between teams.  17) IS&T buildings have no frills and are very bland.  If you are head hunted by Apple's recruiters, first ask "Is this IS&T". If they say 'yes', just keep the phone down. Other departments (Software Engineering, Internet Software and Services) are doing just fine.
mean, not team person,mean, bad, poor
repetitive work rude customers schedule can change I dont know more to add
Having to work during the majority of holidays. You get New Years and Thanksgiving weekend off, but Christmas, New Years eve, and other holidays were expected.
Its low income. The retail environment means dealing with the public at large. If that is not your thing then this probably isn't the job for you. A lot of people want to work for the company. You may feel easily replaceable.
Lots of politics. Not a lot of flexibility with scheduling.
The retail environment was quite hectic ans stressful. Come customers were almost abusive. Internally there was some favoritism. They had a very strict tardiness policy. If you were more than 5 minutes late for your shift more than 3 times, you'd be fired.
No life/work balance. Too many hours
they changed their approach in the retail industry. Numbers are now the key.
rotating schedules every 3 months
Fast paced career advancement sometimes makes management change around very quickly
Long, slow moving interview process. Slow rate and vision of personal growth.
Can be 10-12 hour work days. High stress. Unreasonable design and engineering expectations.
I can't think of any cons
Micromanagement, not much recognition, must adhere to politics to get anywhere
Unrealistic job environment. Management micromanages. High quotas for Business Team. Must also work Retail floor time AND B2B sales time so nothing can be accomplished in a day. ALSO retail store employee frustration of selling phone plans that are ever changing.
If you don't like to be busy, do not work here. Hourly could be a bit better as well. Otherwise great.
Have met some of the worst people
Stress! Advancement can be tough and have more to do with networking/how others view you rather than your work. Training and advance notice can be foggy at best.
- Very little regard for work/life balance from management and scheduling. - Not much room for advancement if you're interested in leaving the customer service world (i.e., you're not trying to climb up the leadership chain). People come in bright-eyed and excited about working for Apple, only to realize that it's still a retail job. An amazing retail job, but still retail. Truly: The best way to get a job at Apple corporate is to leave the retail scene and apply a year or so later. - If you worked in tech support (the Genius Bar, the Family Room in general), you were usually working with a manager who did not have the skills that you had. The Family Room is made up of people who are trained to diagnose and fix issues--and when customers challenged the options we gave them, sometimes leadership would side with the customer without fully understanding a diagnosis.
Retail job means retail hours -- nights and weekends are not optional.
moving up is... possible, but very political
ive worked at apple for 6 months now. all throughout training i was told that apple is a place like no other. everyone at apple sips the apple kool-aid, but try not to believe the hype. i work in one of the larger stores. about three months in, i realized apple still had the same difficulties as any other retail job. management plays favorites. having one review manager is difficult if its a manager you dont exactly click with. the other veteran employees can be rude and pretentious. its hard to get positive recognition. management and fellow employees alike overuse fearless feedback and love to micromanage. management are sticklers about time and attendance - its probably what most employees are fired for.  my advice to future employees: arrive on time every day that youre scheduled. keep quiet, be positive, be a hard worker. smile, nod, agree and let negative feedback roll off your back. come in, do your job, and dont expect to get promoted easily. really find what you love about apple and use that as motivation, sometimes this job can be really aggravating.
Hours can be pretty disappointing if part time Some co-workers ignore you depending on position
once again i didn't find anything bad only part that i don't like i have to work on weekends however that's retail
Some team members are a bit out there and just plain weird. Sometimes moving up in the company is impossible due to saturated markets.
i dont like some of the people there
Did not really see many cons
- Perks Inconsistent across Company: Some teams get treated like first class citizens (catered meals, beverages, free massages), others not so much (don't even get free bottles of water, have to pay at team lunches - pretty pathetic).  -Budgets: Unbelievably this year I got an amazing review however since our group's budget was cut I got NO bonus. Pretty sad - I will either be moving to another Org or out of Apple entirely.  -Legacy People: Some people have been here forever and are not innovative or even good Managers.
The contract was too short
Dealing with difficult customers can be challenging, but everyday makes you stronger
easy to get lost in the mix. drive your own success.
work-life balance, micro managers, lack of relevant on-going training for job growth.
When working from home, there are not a lot of opportunities to move to another position
Secrecy between groups, internal communications tools need help.
Pay Lack of Recognition Difficult to get promoted - esp in Retail
- Always had to push Apple Care on customers - No commission or really any incentive "sell for the love of the products"
Compensation, No career growth past genius, management depends on employees.
Needed full - time, higher salary
Tough to move up working from home.
The Apple Store can become pretty busy. Especially on the weekends and holidays! The days can seem extremely long while helping multiple customers through rough situations with their device(s)
Over promising growth opportunities but under delivering them
Weak technical training rude customers constant talking on the phone no privacy, constant monitoring
The biggest con is the work/life balance. Expect to work during all holidays if you work in customer support. This is something that has become more and more frequent through the last few years. Also expect you take call/chat/email one after the other with little breather in between and have this last for months. Expect to be so burned out that you end up taking a medical leave because of it. You will also deal with absent management who take frequent vacations and have backfills fill in for them. You may also deal with not being paid properly and having to wrestle with HR to get it corrected.
Starting pay they offer you even with a stacked resume kind of sucks
I have nothing bad to say
Long days Emails at all times of the night products shipped to your house with out you knowing
No real career paths in retail. Development isn't really important to some managers. I feel like not all stores are the same.
They get a lot out of each employee. They are very demanding.
A lot ambiguity. You have to keep up with unexpected changes. Pay is stable but hard to move up corporate ladder.
You have to jump through hoops to get noticed for a promotion. Lots of favoritism.
Managers are very controlling. They compare your pay to other retail stores. They should value workers beyond their sales.
The only thing holding it back is retail hours.
Retail. I think that's self explanatory.
Not so much a con as advice that applies anywhere. Apple has a range of managers with varying levels of skill at managing.  Ask good questions of any prospective manager to find out how they manage in certain situations. How do they recognize above and beyond contributions from their directs? How do they manage conflicts inside the group and between groups? What professional development programs do they have in place for their directs? There are many other questions and I encourage you to search online for some more.  Your manager is the single largest influence on whether you enjoy your job. Take the time to get to know her/him in the interview process.
Really demanding hours. Scheduling is not flexible. While there are no sales quotas, there are pressures to upsell
Non, this company is the best!
Sometimes felt like there wasn't anything to do. Also, my project wasn't as cool as some other people so that was disappointing.
Retail job, working in a mall
Tt was a hundred percent traveling, no flexibility. on call 24 hours.
Store would get really busy and chaotic sometimes, but it just made the time go by faster
Too many managers too many false promises of growth.
not so great pay
Social life / work balance
terrible compensation and chances to growth depending upon the department you work
There can be a lot of information to get down including Apple names for everything.
Nothing at all, it's amazing
You must be willing to get along with all personality types
Serious hard working environment. You are expected to finish certain tasks within the time period.
Depending on which building you work in, you may or may not have easy access to [A] the cafeteria.
Zero work/life balance  Unethical management. The manager in my department (Silicon Engineering Group) only cares what his/her boss thinks and try whatever possible to please his/her boss. They consistently made up stories/lies to make them good in front of others. If things go bad, they try their best to blame others and cover their fault.  Nonfunctional HR. HR plays very weak role. Reporting management issues to HR does not help, instead the retaliation is what you can get.
Retail environment can get very crowded, long hours standing.
Work life balance is bad...work can be stressful sometimes...benefits not the best in the world although they are good
Hard to advance past retail level,
Micro-managed timesheets down to the minute. Very difficult to know schedule in advance. High likelihood of dependent/inappropriate customers.
Consistently busy and at times overwhelming. Misleading about potential for growth. Strict attendance policies.
Still retail. Hard to move up unless deoted to company
-challenging work/life balance -no clear path of advancement between retail and corporate
Too many people, lots of tourists who didn't speak the languages I speak, managers were annoying
If you wanna grow, you need to spend the time being there
Work hard and fit the mold
The focus was on management. Created a comfortable environment for them while increasing demands on workers.
Work lots of hours, lack of work life balance
working from home, discount, communication with managers
Although this place can be great for outgoing people, I don't think the environment can improve until we adopt better communication skills (both verbal and written).
Ambiguity and Communication within the organization
of course working weekends, but that is retail. There was a bit of favoritism that causes tension between employees but overall great work environment
Not many if you play your cards right... and work hard.
It's retail... The hours, the pay, the upset customers. If you don't get good hiring, it feels like babysitting. Most of the time that's not the case.
Sometimes too fast paced and hectic. Had to work long hours to keep up. Everyone around was also working longer hours so if one didn't then one probably stood out!
The scheduling for a college student is hard becasue you have to work a set schedule that is given to you.
Getting lost in the shuffle, work life balance
It was hard to sit in one spot all day and talk to customers over the phone.
Hours, Management, Career Development Opportunities,
There is some room for creativity but it doesn't always get noticed. When it does there are not a lot of rewards for going above and beyond.
To much politics and favoritism. Management only promotes brown nosers while ignoring the hard workers who look out for the customers.
1. too much job pressure 2. startup style for big project 3. some managers are not tech style and lead a lot of try and redo
not enough technical training Dealing with rude customers Constantly talking on the phone Phone metrics are constantly counted Lack of privacy
long hours, hard to balance work, fast paced, demanding environment
some positions have better job satisfaction than others
No very many full time positions available in retail. Not easy to move up into other positions because they do not happen a lot so everyone wants them .
Hours are not consistent. Communication can decline as days get busy.
minimal direction from management. too much emphasis on personal time. paychecks not steady.
No time for career progression planning.
Difficulties with scheduling. Very rarely do you work the same schedule twice. The job offers poor work-life balance mainly due to the fact that their retail stores have such broad operating hours.
Nothing comes to mind at the moment
I can't think of any cons working for the company.
There is a lot of emphasis on numerical success. The company wants to quantify how well you preform and you are always pushed to improve. In my case I hit a point where I was a my max potential and my bosses weren't pleased that I wasn't improving any more (even though I was one of the top performers in the company for my position)
Working at a flagship store in NYC can mean extremely busy conditions around product launches
Apple Retail is by no means a long term career. High turnover for part-timers. With 300+ employees it's tough to stand out for promotions or even lateral moves within the company. This particular store's management micromanages its employees by the minute.
Hours are long, the management does not always maintain a common message. Culture can be a bit cutthroat at times.
Culture is ruled by fear and you're on call basically all the time. At any point, your night, weekend, or vacation could get interrupted by an "urgent" fire drill. People who aren't responding to emails at 10pm every night tend to be considered poor employees.
Management, company system used to access customer accounts, hard to achieve metric
Horrible hours. Low room for growth and movement. They will hire externally before promoting internally. Pay raises are minimal. Unless you're on the E-Board, pay is not that great.
-If you don't like your store leadership (or vice versa) the job can be miserable. -Availability expectations can be unrealistic -Work-Life balance sucks -Customers you deal with are a pain -You will often feel like you aren't getting paid enough for amount of work you do  But then again, most retail jobs will have the same issues
customers can get a little rowdy
Difficult to move up in a smaller market
Not a lot of room to grow. Customers can be a pain. Hard to get full-time.
Pay is not very high for the demands made on employees, growth is difficult and most people never make it past retail
It is a retail job and sometimes the amount of hours given for part-timers can be very low to support one self. Leadership can be questionable at times and communication can be lacking. Customers can ultimately make or break your day.
- Lack of work-life balance - Undercut your hours without prior notice - Political hierarchy
There are huge differences in work/life balance depending on you / your team / your manager / organization, and on the ability to say "NO" at each of those levels to the people/team where that request is coming from. Due to secrecy / culture, often several teams work on similar solutions wasting engineering hours. Similar mistakes from similar teams can sometimes be seen year after year.
Slow points in the retail season, too much growth and not enough workers at points
Apple retail is very flat and it is very difficult to work up to anything.
-In the division of Applecare I noticed very little people that had any career ambition than to just "get off the phones" because they were so miserable. Pretty much everyone's career path was to just make it there long enough to not have to talk to a customer on the phone. It is awful soul crushing work and you are rarely rewarded for it. -I've been asked to cancel planned vacations to work "mandatory" OT and was threatened to be penalized if I didn't cancel my vacation. Ultimately, management was unable to provide in writing how this was okay, so they were not able to follow through with their threats. -You will be asked to work all holidays. Requesting time off is difficult. They make it easier to call in sick rather than request time off. Which is total crap. -Very bureaucratic structure. If you're not willing to brown-nose all your managers, you will not succeed no matter how well you perform. -Micromanaged more than you could possibly ever imagine. Every second of your day will be logged. You will not be able to pee without having to account for that time somehow. -Lots of sexism in upper management. I saw women being targets and discriminated against in several instances. -Managers can find ways to fire people for pretty much any reason. If one of them doesn't like you, you're done for. You have to be willing to kiss a lot of butts if you want to make it anywhere within this division of Apple. -Sexual harassment is huge at Apple. I was a target as well as a lot of other women I knew there. -Absolutely no culture whatsoever. Very very corporate feel. You'd think that a company that is historically known for being innovative, creative and on the cutting edge would try to mirror their corporate culture in that way.... but NOPE.
Part time is great during holidays, but after the holidays, the hours can sometimes range from 12-16/wk
poor pay and they dont let you leave early
Sulphur smell, proximity to Alcatraz, only velcro shoes allowed.
It's REAL tough to move up in the company from within.
Travel and work/life balance has always been the challenge from most of the employees in operations. Most of the manufacturing is still done overseas which tend to keep travels very high.
They own your schedule (whether you are part time or full time), and offer little advisor support over their VPN.
You will be subject to high levels of stress every day — angry, irate, irrational customers will badger you in any way they can find. Little support from management in stressful situations, including verbal abuse and harassment from customers. Limited and slow opportunities for promotion. Poor pay considering the importance of the role regarding brand ambassadorship. Insane, ridiculous availability is demanded — say goodbye to your weekends.
Pay is low, but because a lot of people want to work for Apple, Apple doesn't have to pay much to draw in good employees.
This is a no non-sense environment. Apple is one of the top brands in the world so you are expected to be excellent by everyone on the outside looking in.
Test engineers are not usually the best of the best though, usually get the grunt of the work without any thanks, are at the end of the pipeline with no say in decision choices.
Huge company...hard to move up unless you are able to move.
Scheduling issues at times makes it hard to plan your life accordingly. They could be more flexible.
Managers are from other retail stores, they rarely train or hire from within
very busy, can be really challenging
Dealing with customers, nothing else really is bad
Not much interaction among colleagues other than work.
Work/life balance Number of emails Travel Limited employee benefits compared to other top companies (e.g. Day care, free food, other)
You might have a hard time finding a projects that is actually inspiring.
Underpaid for the work that we do.  Communication at the retail level is abysmal, but hidden under the moniker of 'dealing with ambiguity'. Management include many ladder-climbers with no personal accountability.
You can't ever move up
short of staff great atmosphere
Can be a stressful job
Can definitely be stressful due to dealing with customers who could be on edge due to their piece of technology not working as expected.
Absolutely no work-life balance, long days, kind of a thankless job, difficult to veer from path established for you by management once you join company, it's obvious that you are replaceable to management and not valued for your individual contributions
Growth is difficult. Enormous amount of people working for the company, hard to land positions above specialist or service specialist. Few available roles and too many internal applicants opens the door for political games when choosing a candidate. Patience is key.
Won't do better unless you are a people person.
Upset customers have been conditioned by years of excellent service to expect instant gratification, which can only sometimes be achieved. Sometimes one has to be patient with impatient people.
There were many days where I didn't have a chance to breath and the demand for my time was beyond what I was capable of.
Overwhelming workload Disgusting schedule Childish customers Some people paid high and low for doing the same job
Environment can be very stressful, customers are often rude, have to work weekends and late hours, have to spend hours standing, holidays/ launch days are especially difficult in the volume of customers serviced.
it is hard to move up within the company
Retail environment is very clique oriented and designed for the young and hungry. Working on weekends and rotating shift work make work/life balance very difficult.
High Stress and customer service can be difficult
limited locations in smaller cities
Why would anyone do this
The best can often be the worst. I really enjoy my colleagues and fellow employees, however often find inconsistencies with management and overall team communication. This is no one person's specific fault, and in fact can never be permanently resolved due to relatively high turnover rate.
- High-school politics - Favoritism is present
Promotions can be few a far between
It's easy to hit a dead end with different roles, they only promote so far within the retail level and moving into Apple Corporate is next to impossible. From an IT standpoint it still difficult to leverage your technical knowledge when applying for tech support positions with other companies. Work can be exhausting, retail hours are unpredictable and fluctuate based on seasons and product launches. Speaking to Leadership about Compensation is very difficult, you have a yearly review and that's it.
Lots of overtime and development programs needs more work.
Too much upper management brought in from other big box retailers that don't get the culture
Well, it's still retail, and that just means unexpected hours. Though, they are still good about working around schedules.
Have to pass 3 test
Very hard to move up in this company
very poor work-life balance, long retail hours, weekends, pay is really low, you can earn more as uber driver, lots of fake people, saying love apple and products, but the would cut trouts to get places, but to get management you really need to work in a target, as seem to like external hires for management, don't tend to promote internal.
The turn around in the recruitment process is lengthy. However, it is just as rewarding once it is over!
Lies about opportunities, shift in company ideology. Company has lost its way about customer focused and has now joined the ranks of every other retailer about pushing for volume and dollars.
The most demanding job I have every had, and the most challenging. Hard to get promoted, as everyone is tops in their field here.
Some of the cons is that their are so few of them they are great distance away from house, so gasoline for car costs a lot.
no flexible time and too much job
management is iffy and the customers suck
- This recruiting management team plays HUGE favoritism. If someone feels threatened by you, be aware because the axe is coming - Management lies to their employees - Career growth is blocked even after time is put in - Hard work and dedication is not recognized unless you kiss butt to the right people - Competition is high amongst one another
- sometimes the job gets too hectic and sometimes it is relaxing.
Metrics shift constantly, work schedules were sometimes posted days before the work week began, very low wages, management expects employees to last about 18 months
Horrible culture where the only thing matters is Apple's bottom line. The company from top executives to HR department to the lowest rung on the totem pole do not have any respect for the individual. There's no such thing as work / life balance. No such thing as personal relationships. Any displayed friendliness I've encountered was fake...the second something went wrong, fingers started pointing. The people are super smart, but fierce competition turn them into robots where the only thing matters is personal gain (at the sacrifice of their own mental health and others).
None that i have encountered so far.
Frameworks, no work life balance
The negative aspect at Apple is its growth. Apple, in some ways, has grown to become the behemoth company it stood against in its infancy. Apple is, on its surface, an incredible place to work, but Apple is struggling with becoming a giant corporation like any other thriving tech company. It would be difficult to explain without proper context. I'll share some of my personal experience.  I worked at Apple's corporate campus between four and five years. I excelled in every role I was placed and was quickly promoted through several different groups during my tenure. I was chosen for my last promotion at Apple over at least 250 other applicants. This promotion was on a 'technical path' while I was being groomed for a path in management. I accepted a position in Apple's 'engineering group' over pursuing a management role. This was considered a extremely desirable promotion and a reflection of my hard work.  I excelled in this role as well. I had worked approx. three months in this group before I was taken into an office to be interrogated by Apple's HR group. They explained I had become the subject of HR complaint. This was the first time I had ever had any interaction with HR or been the subject of any disciplinary action whatsoever in my entire tenure as an Apple employee.  Apple's HR group made the decision to terminate my employment over their interpretation of Apple's business conduct policies regarding tobacco and 'electronic cigarette' use. I was assured by my management team that the decision was made entirely by Apple's HR group. In other words, my management team was not consulted and this had nothing to do with my performance at work. I was urged to appeal the decision by virtually every manager and peer I had at Apple.  The decision/interpretation that led to my termination also led to a series of meetings to clarify Apple's policies on this subject. Numerous employees at Apple Inc. use personal vaporizers or 'electronic cigarettes' as smoking cessation devices. Naturally, my termination led to fairly serious questions about HR's interpretation of 'tobacco use' and 'personal vaporizer' use. HR's own support could not give a singular answer on this subject, so management had to demand clarification on what the policy actually states before any one else was terminated on the same grounds. The understanding being that if I was somehow guilty of violating Apple's policies so were many other people working on that campus at that time.  During my appeal, HR stated that the clarifications made to the policies regarding this subject did not apply to my termination because they were made the day after my termination. This ignored the fact that the decision to terminate my employment with Apple was directly responsible for the push for management to seek that very clarification. Furthermore, it was verified by my co-workers that I was never a part of the conversation that was originally cited in the complaint to HR in the first place. In fact, I had never met or spoke with the person who originally made the complaint to begin with. Finally, HR's representative who handled my appeal made several statements that indicated she did not have a fundamental understanding of the events or policies that led to my termination. This being the result of two months of 'research' she claimed she was doing on my appeal's case. I feel it's also important to note that the group that made this decision also resides in California. It's likely they had never stepped foot on our campus.  I hope this illustrates the issue well enough. This is the kind of corporate behavior you would expect to find in a Terry Gilliam film or a Franz Kafka novel. This is not the behavior I expected from a company that I was fiercely loyal to and loved working at. I can't help shake the feeling that somebody was 'making their numbers' when it came to my case.  It's a more than a little ironic that Apple would have such archaic policies regarding the use of personal vaporizers given the nature of their business and interests in health devices.  The experience of working for the company is exemplary. It is everything you would expect working for a company that is dedicated to releasing innovative products that have a huge impact on the way people live their lives.  However, if HR's gaze falls upon you no one at Apple can save your career from the faults in their interpretations.  Tim Cook could probably stop this from happening. He didn't respond to my emails.
crazy schedules - salary is good but only if you're full time, very hard for people who don't have flexible schedules to accommodate changes
So much money, and they could do more for their employees. I mean no free food!?! Sure it VERY high quality food for only $8. But that's all the reason why the most valuable company should be able to cover $8 worth of food for employees that work so hard.
Taxing and Exhausting. Not very family friendly.
Hardly get promoted and achieve management level.
Micro-management, sales numbers are all that matter in the end which is disguised by "caring for the customer"
stressful workplace at times, expectations of multitasking with more than 2 customers, more focus on numbers than people and customers.
Long hours and terrible customer experiences. Over worked and under paid.
Sometimes the corporate rules pull you down a bit--my least favorite practice was "fearless feedback", where you had to practice through role play. The problem with this was it painted you into a little box. What if I have better success managing people in a more authentic way? Too bad for you.
It's exceptionally intense. So respect for personal time can exist as long as you work for the right person. If you don't, that can be a bad thing.  Also as I understand it now, the group I was in has grown so big it's lost some of its magic. They've had a hard time maintaining the consistency of greatness that was a little easier when the team was smaller.
The secrecy gets in the way of open collaboration.
Leadership in and above Store Leader have been systemattically replaced with retail manager drones. There is no longer opportunity for internal promotion and free thought. It is all about the "retail jargon" and old ways of getting things done... not at all like the Apple Retail of Steve Jobs and Ron Johnson.
Most job movement is lateral and it's extremely difficult to get promoted when you're competing with 100+ coworkers in a store.
Being part time felt like a full time job, it was exhausting. The customers, although a nice chunk of them are interesting and fun to interact with, are mostly annoying, non-English speakers who yell at you and get frustrated at you for not speaking their language. The pay is good for a retail store, however, for the amount of money apple makes, mostly because of their retail store employees, the pay should be more. The training is very tedious and time consuming for a retail store, but understandable given the amount of customers and questions you have to deal with everyday.
Time management High competition Lack of freedom
None. If you are unhappy it's likely your own fault. If I repeat, if you are unhappy it'd likely umyour fault. If you come to apple with unhappy baggage Apple won't fix that for you. It is your responsibilty.
extremely long hours, ends justifies the means kind of mentality
Had to work some long days when new products were launched
not a lot of room to grow
The company has no ethics. They pretend to be all about the user but really they subjugate and lock in their users. Greed is what drives this company now.
It's retail. Hours varied quite a bit and work a lot during the holidays.
- Upper management can be clickish. - Upper management can make it hard to move up. - Middle management follow upper management. - Customer can be extremely rude and demanding. - Unrealistic expectations from all management. - No bonuses.
difficult submitting hours due to working cross-country & if you miss the timecard submission deadline, pay will definitely be delayed, difficult time window of scheduling meetings with westcoast staff based on availability of all due to time differences
Not easy to move up, managers are very micro managing
Stressful Job. Poor / unrealible reasorces provided to do your job. Poor management structure.
-Pay is low. Barely enough to make it in Austin. You're lucky if you start at 16 dollars an hour -No upward mobility. You will not move upward unless you are willing to put in a decade here. -Management is completely messed up. Managers move laterally to other roles and you'll get a new manager every 6 months or so. -Morale is spiraling down. On my team, the turn over of full time employees was large. A person leaving every two weeks or management finding a reason to fire employees for minor reasons when they themselves call in sick constantly. I was on a team of 20 people, within 6 months 12 were gone. A new person would be added, another person would leave. Terrible morale. -Management does whatever the heck it wants while front line people are treated like work horses. At some points, I would see my manager maybe once or twice a week because they are calling in sick or taking time off. -Everything is metrics based. Quality used to be the focus when Jobs was CEO but efficiency has been the focus over the last two years. -The job is soul sucking. Dread going to work everyday. -Work all holidays. For three years I missed thanksgiving and xmas with family -Getting time off is a pain. You are in competition with other team members for days off.
But when you work there it can be tough at times. Working at Apple can be a very tough job and can get overwhelming.
Like any call center, it is a call center job. You speak to crabby people all day and as a college advisor, you're stuck in the same spot until you graduate (which can be terrible if you have 2 years to go).
It is very difficult to have a work-life balance with retail hours, but that's the nature of retail. Seems to be a disconnect between corporate ideas and the actual implementations in a retail environment.
Not a lot of training outside of core. Although they do have a lot of training for customers on there site which is a great at home utility if you need to work on certain tech questions.
They only give you 5 days off per year no matter what, no benefits, no schedule changes, and you have to handle everything. Pay was horrible
Management has a "middle management" mentality so having them lead creative people is sometimes not a great fit.
The hours can be crazy at times. It is retail after all. Not enough vacation. Needs more engagement with upper management.
call center type cannot select your shift time off policies are first arrived first served
The amount of work is a bit much
Tough to advance, seems political and feel at times stuck without being able to advance
During my one year experience working at the retail level I haven't found any CONS working at Apple.
could be higher pay, but other than that everything great
Can be difficult to navigate by design.
Hard work life balance. Hard to move up or get promoted passed a certain level at Retail.
Underpaid. Mangers do not follow the rules.
hard to move up if youre not liked
So far, I've had no problems.
Not enough time in the day to learn and do ...
Comparing the pay to market competitive rate. The technical support are strongly under paid. But people will not complain because they are to complacent and take what ever apple can give. The hours are terrible though, it really conflicts with your family and personal life.
-store structure is not designed to allow managers time to spend adequate time in their areas of responsibility -weekly meetings take up too much time and a comm log or leader huddle could suffice -due to the "sensitive" nature of product releases, planning is challenging and there seams to be a thrill to coming down to the wire to have successful rollouts. -talent development is hampered by too great a focus on all the tools that are available that using them (compliance) overrides the time needed to spend developing your team. -schedule was challenging with a need to request 2 days off together and too many mid shifts which eliminates your entire day for practical purposes
Performance based solely on customer surveys. Even neutral surveys count against you. It only takes one bad survey to tank you.
Customers service sometimes may be harder since some customers are not as tech saby!
it takes a long time to become full time. most people are part time workers
With working for a prestigious company comes customers who expect top notch attention and service. Luckily my position didn't require a lot of customer interaction. I will say you meet all sorts of personalities at the Apple store.
The employees tend to think they are above others. Everything changes, the way they talk, they behave. Its not the company for people who expect sort of normal behavior.
There was a LOT of work, but I was absolutely happy to do it. Brainwashing? Not really, more just making the most of the opportunity in front of me. Opportunities like this don't come around every day.  When I started, it was very management light. We got to move incredibly fast and make decisions mostly ourselves. By the time I left there were layers upon layers of program managers and the hiring bar was noticeably lower. That tends to spoil things for everyone.  New projects at apple feel like startups with unlimited resources and no investors to pander to... ie, spectacular... but after a few years of success, the structure calcifies and though it's still a good job, it's not the same rush.
Not always part-time during launch.
After about a year, things changed. Suddenly technical support agents were pressured to make sales. Another month later and we had sales quotas we were expected to meet, though we earned no commission. Another month or so later, and sales was the main focus the call-center. All department or team meetings were now about sales, all discussions with management were about how to sell more, and any performance awards given out were for making sales. At one point my supervisor made her team fill out a form after any technical support call where they didn't make a sale, where we had to explained why we had failed to do our job... because SALES was our job now, the technical assistance was just something we had to do between pushing products on the callers.  Also, the entire Apple call-center had no windows. I always wondered if that was some kind of architecture-based pun.
You may encounter some managers who were ill-equipped to handle the type of tremendous growth you've seen at Apple over the past few years. As a consequence, the understanding of what Apple Culture is or should be...may fluctuate. In other words, it's difficult to grow professionally when different managers can't agree on what YOUR success looks like.
Too long commute time from SF
Working at Google and Facebook and Twitter is probably better financially, and it probably delivers a lot less stress. That's excellent if you plan on having a family and spending time with your kids. I do have trouble managing time because I usually work overtime four to five times a week. Of course, this gets frustrating, but I love what I do, and so the extra work is never a reason to quit or complain. Secrecy is also a pain, as some of us even carry a wallet with half a dozen security badges. We are told multiple times a day that our work can never be discussed outside certain rooms, and in some cases we don't even know what were working on. For example, I had a project for a product that I had no idea about. I assumed it was a new version of iPad, but it ended up being for the brand new iPad mini. And I knew it was for the iPad mini on the same day the world was introduced to iPad mini. Yeah, that level of secrecy can really get annoying. But it also keeps things interesting ...
Business requires a flex schedule. The schedule may change at any time and the hours can vary as well as the days.
Sometimes there can be bureaucracy and management sometimes does not listen to the opinions of the rank and file. When crunch time hits, it can be all-consuming.
Company didnt keep up with technogly
The horizon is a little narrow
Low ceiling for internal growth.
Distance from home. But that's my choice
Ever-changing schedules can be hard to combine with a very full family life, or a full-time student load. There is a great career development path, but it must be fulfilling a business need relevant to the retail location where you work. Fast-track-style careerists may get frustrated.
Monetary compensation could be much better. They are willing to sacrifice the comfort and peace of mind of employees, and forego obvious logic, in order to comply with company-wide policies that can sometimes seem arbitrary. Like any large company, it is difficult for them to fire incompetent people, and so a poor hire can drag down a good team for too long.
I don't see anything wrong to mention here.
Some customers are just looking for a fight, very hard to get hired, it's a very tiring retail job. Sometimes work will be very demanding hours-wise.
Wow! Where do I begin? First, I am currently a Senior Accounting major who WAS scheduled to graduate in December 2015. I started the Spring 2015 semester but then withdrew after 2 weeks, after receiving notification that I was selected to start training for Apple.    In addition to withdrawing from school this semester in order to " work" for Apple, I also quit the job I had for nearly a year in order to be able to " work" for Apple. I already knew that my old job would become a thing of the past due to Apple's better pay and benefits package. -    Not only did I withdraw from school, and resign from my old job in order to " work" for Apple, but I also declined another job offer that was made to me, prior to accepting the Apple " job" offer.   Training was highly intense. From 9am- 1 pm there were self guided learning modules. And from 2 pm -6 pm there was role playing and advisor guided training. After 2 weeks of training, there was a test, where in order to pass, you must score an 80%. The test is timed with 20 questions on it. About 1/3 of the material on the test was not covered in training. Which is BEYOND unfair. I took the test last night and scored a 70%. I was able to take the " retest" this morning and scored a 75%.    At this point I am waiting for the inevitable, for me to be informed I have been " fired". This experience that I've had, I would not wish on my worse enemy. To tell someone they're " hired" by Apple as an at home advisor is a scam. It's all a rat race to reel in as many unsuspecting " applicants" such as myself, issue too demanding exams with unrealistic passing requirements, and then surprise you with the " you're fired" line after 2 weeks! I would not recommend this " job" to ANYONE!
You sit down or stand in place all day.
None really, if you work hard, you will continue to advance, if not, you will not succeed like most things. Also shift bids can be a pain sometimes, but you can usually get the schedule you want if you do bid right.
No direction, no info, your on your own
Management doesn't have the employees back. Customer is always right, even when wrong. Can't take off during certain events. Point system for tardiness and sickness is not flexible
Work-life balance could be an issue. Working in retail you don't get a typical weekend off like other people do.
Exhausting customer service work for customers that often feel entitled and not very grateful. High turnover makes it hard to forge relationships and means that the team is always relatively new/inexperienced.
Different managers adhered to policies differently. Employees are kept in the dark about many internal things. Internal systems had a lot of issues that would not be expected from this company.
It can be hard to move up with so many employees competing for the same job.
- Scheduling can be tough - Managers can be very strict
compensation, benefits, management, location, hours
Employees tend to get sucked into the apple lifestyle do to the job security. Technicians aren't empowered to make coverage decisions when repairing, must have all go through manager and have manager approval. Most decisions against the standard warranty aren't approved.
No career growth, not high enough pay
Nonthing I can think of as of now.
Low work-life-balance due to high expectations and relative to staffing
very demanding and difficult work life balance
retail hours, although the company is very fair about what is offered to corporate and retail alike
- Very political - Some unethical Sr Managers/Directors/VPs- they will do what they have to do to climb the ladder....they would throw their own mother under the bus if it gets them a promotion. Unfortunately many of them get to run the show. - If you aren't ready to give 100% of your time to Apple, don't bother applying.
Lots of Kool-Aid to drink before you can expect to move up. Big corporate machine... that makes beautiful products. Customers can really blow.
you cannot choose what time you want to work
poor pay, awful awful customers, lots of terrible politics, and they don't listen to needs of the employees.
Personal development is encouraged but not as supported as expected to be. Opportunities for growth is limited due to positions available.
Extremely busy, people can be demanding customers and co-workers alike, high stress, terrible scheduling, not much upward movement, several band-aids to age old internal problems, no room for personal growth.
There is always changes going on which sometimes get overwhelming and hard to adjust too.
Extremely stressful, many bitter overworked co-employees, little opportunity for advancement.
The culture (in engineering) is a tough one, hard on people who aren't at the top of their game. I think that Apple actually is a pretty high integrity place in general, but in my experience there certainly used to be a very strong political nature. This is always true in any organization with a lot of people, of course, but at Apple there was a certain sloppiness about allowing bad managers without a strategic plan to continue to survive and do damage far too long just because they were good at making their bosses feel good. Maybe this was just the case in the group where I worked. Maybe this has changed since Tim Cook has taken over.
If you wanted to start at the entry level and move to management, it would take many, many years, if at all. If you want to be a retail store manager, you would have to be a manager somewhere else first, and be at the top of your game.  There is no set schedule for 90% of the employees. It can be difficult to take vacations around the holidays.  If you cannot handle tons of crowds and talking to people all day long, this would not be the job for you. It can be mentally and socially exhausting at the end of the day. Entitled customers break their own gadgets and get mad at you for it. That is one of the worst parts.
Floating schedule, pointless meetings, changing goals/agendas
Not enough in the pay or salary to make the work worth it
No work life balance. Vendors are treated badly. Even the engineers within Apple are treated with no respect. No work ethics, slave for money attitude.
nothing really i can tell about
Retail schedule requires a lot of availability. Schedule varies from week to week. The no commission policy has pros and cons.
Consumes a lot of your person time
work life balance is very poor. work life balance is very poor. work life balance is very poor.
Nothing to say about this
must be flexible all the time
Personal growth Ability to move from retail to corporate easily
Easily get burn out by doing phone support all day long. Very large turn over of people in the call center.
Be prepared to work any time day or night even if your sick or on vacation. It's expected, no kidding.
The company micromanages its' employees. You WILL work weekends, most holidays including Xmas & New Years. Depending on who your manager is, they can find ways to fire you if they don't like you.
requires a lot of energy, attendance policy is super strick, stressful environment.
-rotating schedules out of your control -limiting roles -repetitive nature of the work -work holidays
Highly political for upward movement
Lack of space to work
Located in the south bay
Its beginning to get extremely uncertain the road the company is taking.
Severely competitive to get in. When your product is at the top, there always people that want to tear it down.
Competition reallty but that'd about as worse as it gets
Not much many cons, none that I can think of.
Work-life balance is awful. Due to the high bonuses the people are very aggressive.
Retail management is a joke. They used to be from other tech compaines now are former retail employees selling jeans. Have no idea how to deal with purchases over 200
Work life balance takes a toll on you. So much so that when it's perfectly normal to leave by 5 in other companies , here you get the stares! Due to the flat management structure , I see a lot of managers burdened And in turn this leads to a block in communication between teams/managers.
As with all retail, the customers made the job hard. Also, Apple has a very strict way in which things are done.
Almost none, you can get a little burned out, its so fast paced but still an amazing experience.
Can be overwhelming and demanding
Political. Dictatorial. (Really) low morale. Inefficient, unqualified, inexperienced, ignorant, callous, spineless leadership team who let politics and their own stock portfolios get in the way of making good creative decisions. Compete with the ad agency on every assignment, who ends up producing most of the (good) work anyway.
just terrible work-life balance. Expect to work 15 hrs a day even on weekends and during vacation. Compensation is so-so for the amount of work you do.. forget your evenings as you will be on China calls.
Firstly, if you young and have a degree, the pay is awful. The culture of the Apple store has changed a great deal in recent years post Jobs. Each store is different in terms of social dynamics so I cannot speak for them. My store was very cliquey and the managers clearly had their favorite employees. Favoritism was measured in how much one was willing to suck up to management and not by sales metrics. If it weren't for poor management of my store, I may have enjoyed my time there a little more. Work/Life balance depends of how well you can manage your time in a Retail environment. Upward movement to corporate is rare.
the hours really really suck
The retail hours make it tough to have a family with 9-5 hours.The availability policies create terrible work life balance. Beyond the Genius level there is little opportunity for growth in the technical side of the company.
Corporate in Elk Grove is ran by abusive men. Hostile work environment, one red headed no educated procurement manager, physically and verbally attacked the female employees below him. Then padded their personal file to justify his actions.
Corporate mentality of co-workers and management. They don't care about you, they care about moving up in the company at any cost.
Language barrier with customers, sometimes the management sides with customers to make them happy
Senior management does not trust anyone, especially each other. The trickle down result is that everyone is on edge in the company. The saying is fail fast, then learn from it. But in Apple's case, it's fail once and then lose all credibility.
a complete lack of oversight and vision leave a "do the needful" culture to fend for themselves.
Hours are kinda much but they balance out
Very micromanaged, large turnover, the training is not adequate when put on the floor.
It can be a little out of control when trying to hunt down a manager.
Retail- holidays- weekends - nights  Hard to get hired if you don't already know someone who works for apple. Yes it is about who you know.
It's difficult to grow within the retail side of things. Once you reach a point, its very hard to get past it if you've grown as much as you can in a retail environment.
Retail hours/hard to have a set schedule Customers can be rude, but that's any job now-a-days Depending on your leadership team some can seem hard to deal with at times
none, none, none, none, none
Can sometimes be really hectic
It is a retail job.
Work/life balance given that people are dedicated to their jobs, location far away from SF
Low pay. Especially in retail.
It seemed difficult to further my skill set
Relentlessly busy. Rude customers. Inconsistency between managers
It's retail, and the customers are sometimes unbearably rude. Part timers fuss about scheduling and hours.
As I said, this isn't a career, even though the benefits are great. There are pay caps for multiple positions. It can be a high stress environment. Although specialist pay has gone up, the trainers and techs get almost the same pay to start as they did years ago. They will find a way for you to work more in those positions, understaffing personnel, or overbooking appointments. This was a corporate initiative, and is across all stores. They don't like to fire people(unless it's for time and attendance), and when they do they don't want to talk about it. This leads to somewhat of a circus that veterans of Apple does have probably seen all too many times.
Just a terrible environment. Too toxic due to dissatisfied employees
If you are in the wrong job, you are doomed.
It is almost always crowded no matter what store you go into and the extremely fast pace can be off-putting for people that cannot handle it. Customers definitely do get upset when they need to wait, which can sometimes be an obstacle to overcome as soon as you begin helping them.
Growth takes fooooooooorrrrrrrever. It's almost as if people who have been with the organization for a long time are at a disadvantage.
Limited opportunities to climb up the ladder if you are in sales or customer service. You have to wait for someone up to resign or move in order to have a position open and have the opportunity. Lack of support for education, if you are in sales they can only pay for college education related to sales, so if you were looking for them to pay for engineering or something else they wont support you.
getting ahead isnt easy as they like to hire new staff
There will be hard work everyday ahead of you. There is no room for slacking or even adequate sleep.
•Always busy (especially weeks leading up to holidays). •Angry, misunderstood customers. •All eyes/ears on you...do not feed any information to a customer without checking and double-checking that information first!
- Senior management at the time of my employment was too worried about sales numbers, even though Apple's motto was more about focusing on the customer's experience. This turned a lot of employee's off from his management style.
Customer Service or trick predicaments when technology does not work as it is intended to. Providing options to clients who may not enjoy the options that are given.
Working weekends and Holidays. But they made up for that with extra pay!
Need better work place for contractors
you have to deal with customers with really really really bad attitude
I have worked a lot of retail and I can't say I have any complaints. It can be a little stressful at times but hey, it's retail.
The company is very large, and it may be difficult to move into a different position within the company. The interview processes are also more focused around your ability to tell your experiences through stories.
Once you leave, it's really hard to get back in. I left just after a year and I went back to interview recently and didn't get in.
they penalize you for every sick day you take you get a point against you. 3 strikes in a 3 month period and you are out.
Like many large companies, it's easy to find yourself in a "hamster wheel." Leadership promotes to management roles primarily based on ability to do a specific job well as opposed to an ability to manage people well. The company will always put its interest first before the advancement of a single employee.
I want to look at my time with the company two ways, first within my group and second as a company on the whole.  Above the field level, things get a bit shaky in the Education Sales group. Managers, Regional Managers and the leadership had no touch with what was actually going on in the field. The company missed critical opportunities to dominate the education space. I also had no career path, I was a field guy and that was it no matter how successful I was, and to tell the truth, I had some great years.  As for there company as a whole, I loved Apple before I went to work for them, while I worked there, and still do to this day. For a regular Joe, it was a bit a celebrity in a weird way. The company has the best products on the market and will continue to innovate for years to come. It is just in the DNA. I really do like Tim Cook and the decisions that he has made on a whole are strong.
I cannot think of any cons at this time
retail hours cant think of much else
Pay really wasn't that great
cut throat environment ya dig
You have to work really hard to get noticed when working from home. There are plenty of benefits but make sure you always stay in the limelight to get ahead.
Not much opportunity to grow or start a career
poorly structured management, complex office politics, not a lot of room for growth, raises are minimal, no bonuses after successful quarters.
Retail of course, working Sunday's it probably the worst thing about it for me at least
Continuous extreme levels of pressure - Danger of burnout
Customers can get quite frustrating Holiday time is brutal Can be very difficult to move up
Mandatory overtime hours, tons of training modules to cover. Must be a fan and owner of Apple products to understand the complexity of troubleshooting these products.
An increasing number of under-performing first-level and middle managers. Some areas of the company can be highly political. HR department does not do a good job of helping teams to hire new talent. Sometimes requires short-term periods of intense work to meet deadlines, especially for product releases.
Hard to be a single parent and work retail. New hires are paid grossly lower then job expectations. No movement unless your a manager.
very demanding and busy culture, sometimes lack of clarity and secrecy is frustrating, but ultimately you understand the reason why.
Difficult retail hours, sometimes treated like children.
I wish they paid more money for qualified persons. There seems to be a cap for certain areas and it should be increased to retain great assets in personnel.
Still retail. People expect highly of Apple and they come in with a chip on their shoulder. Working weekends and holidays were a nightmare.
not any at the moment
Long hours. And very crowded. And also very long lines. And does no free food like Google
There were definitely challenges dealing with so many people at one time. Some of the managers were easy to lose their temper because of the fluster.
My particular store is a high demand of customers which can become overwhelming, and the commucation between management and their workers
Glass ceiling, management inappropriate and biased
Retail hours are retail hours... Sometimes hard to balance with family.
-strict scheduling with irregular hours -uniform
No flexibility and less salary
We are always encouraged to continue our training, and despite our plethora of training software and programs, no special time is assigned to work on training stuff specifically.
1. I worked in IS&T group at apple. This IS&T is totally different from the main Apple. I have often heard this: "Those who don't make it into the infinite loop, end up at IS&T". In other words, IS&T is a second rate citizen at apple. Of course, IS&T supports many IT services (jobs, recruiting, payrolll, mail, directory, sales, GBI). For instance, online and retail stores are supported by IS&T.  2. You see 3 contractors for every employee in IS&T. And IS&T has global contracts with Infosys, TCS, Wipro, etc, the latter companies supply 1 online resource for every 4 offshore resources. In many application support groups, you find the dumbest of the dumb among the people that global offshoring companies have placed.  3. Too much politics and too many lifers in IS&T. The only game in the town for IS&T is to how to brown nose each other. Yes, there are too many Indians there, as a consequence, you find smart people among them, and dumbos as well.  4. Advice to prospective employees: if you are talented, and if you can find a better job, just avoid any and every group in IS&T. Someone may say "Oh, apple gonan help you on your resume", it is half true. If you are smart, talented, you don't to worry about the apple factor on resume.  If you get a job in the core engineering groups, go for it. If you are interviewing in IS&T, just avoid any offer and go and work elsewhere, and increae your skills.  5. If you are applying for some project manager, manager, teamleads (for app support, etc), of course, you won't have much choice. I don't complain if you go for IS&T: but it is a great place to learn politicking. This politicking has led to more offshoring, why? The more employees you get, the more you need to fight for bonus for your group, so, it is better to offshore, and keep less number of employees, and get more bonus.  6. You are not going to get any quarterly bonus, however, people in core groups get such bonuses. Some people don't get first year bonus in IS&T. And the bonus is like 7 to 10 percent. Don't come here, hoping that you gonna get similar wages in core engineering groups.
I don't have anything negative to say.
It's retail. That means retail hours (no weekends off, random work schedules every week, no consistency, no set days off).  No sick time for part timers.  The stores often feel under staffed. The staff complains a lot about feeling overwhelmed when it's busy. Dealing with ebbs and flows is always an issue in the retail environment. It would be nice to invest the downtime back into the people's training rather than run a lean staff.  Little to no training time during launches and holidays.  There's no direct route to Corporate, as people might expect. The two are worlds apart, and work in the stores may not appropriately prepare someone for work in the Corporate level (or other jobs, for that matter, other than tech support).  Management doesn't have a lot of leeway in terms of innovating processes. Because of brand consistency, it takes a long time for changes to happen across all stores.
In contrast to the intellectual people, you will also work with some absolutely incompetent employees as well. Management is given key words to use when communicating with employees in a positive or negative manner.
Not much work/life balance. Most people don't have insight into the exciting things other people are doing in the company.
all the dept are working on their own
Retail hours and hiring and advancements based on political decisions, not skills.
Apple is working on some enhanced compensation for its employees, something much needed as a prominent con is the extent of employee benefits.
There's always a glass ceiling and you hit it sooner than you wish.
None that I can think of.
Work Life Balance Is Not The Best
Not much growth opportunity at the retail level.
work life balance, micro management, upward mobility
I have not encountered anything yet
There is no lee way with policy regarding personal tech. If you are found to have done something or have something on your personal iPhone or MacBook, you will be terminated. This is what happened to me. A policy was changed about pre-release software and I was let go.
Life at apple is full of stress, teams are always competitive for better performance
work too many hours, put a terable strain on my family
Low pay for the work
I live far to all retailers
Stressful, many hours needed to be available in your schedule. Very hard to get a day off for students during the holiday season.
Stay out of AppleCare unless you want a regimented work existence (for the most part, and from my experience).
Working retail hours. Never really felt empowered by leadership. Not much internal growth unless you play the game of favorites.
Too Demanding during holiday hours
Expect to be working a heavy amount of OT during product releases and the holidays. Some may not be a fan of this but you are compensated well for holidays and OT. The company will also provide lunch and such on days like these.
When on calls I am constantly stressed about my performance metrics such as call handle time, survey results, and conforming to Apple's call flow guidelines. It is upsetting to receive a bad survey over an issue that you did not cause or have no control over, especially when you did everything possible to correct the problem.  The surveys and other other performance metrics are used to decide priority when bidding for schedules. One or two bad surveys can be the difference between working a good schedule or a bad schedule. To me, it is the difference between having time to spend with friends and family or barely seeing them at all. I have worked extremely hard to achieve good metrics and I am typically in the top 10-20% in the internal advisor rankings, yet this is still not enough to get both weekend days off.  Advancement is also a problem. I was able to move up to Tier 2 fairly quickly, but beyond this, it is much more challenging. There are a limited number of positions available beyond Tier 2 and there is such a vast amount of talent you are competing with for those spots. So far, in almost 2 years on my team of 18 people, only 1 person has advanced to a higher position. Admittedly, if you work "on-site" you have more opportunities available.  Another big frustration for me is that it as advisors, we have a surprising lack of tools to do our job. I would think that as one of the largest software and hardware manufacturers, we would have a range of diagnostics, tests, and utilities at our disposal to correct and handle issues that arise with customer's devices, but this is not the case. We have access to an internal knowledge base (90% of which is already publicly accessible on our support site), the ability to run very basic diagnostics on iOS devices, and access to some account information - that is all. We are also not given much information in regards to any "known issues" or bugs in the software. In short, as advisors we put in a position where we are fairly ignorant and blind, which often makes us look bad and doesn't do any favors for the company. Basically, we just have to make the best of what we have and use experience and logic to solve problems.  Perhaps I just had higher expectations that Apple would be a more progressive and resourceful company, but I think it suffers from most of the problems facing large organizations in that change is difficult and slow.
SEVERELY understaffed, not just for a couple months but for the ten months I worked in 2014 we were always doing 5x our normal payload due to insufficient staffing. Many co-workers got strain injuries / carpal tunnel from the over-exertion  Our training time, breaks were almost always cancelled and our lunches were constantly asked to be cut in half  Schedules can be very bad since chat is 24 hours a day. Expect to have an overnight graveyard shift and to work all holidays. Overnight shifts are worsened by dealing with primarily international customers whom we can't do too much for due to being in another country unless it's something we can troubleshoot but this is limited.
Has become a huge company that has lost it's former cult-like culture. Kind of jumped the shark in this regard.  Salaries are good but not great. Offset by amazing stock performance.  Some people are eager to step on or manipulate anyone to make Director and be the heavy in the room. Not in all groups but some. Not sure how to fix this. Just a fact. Settles down at VP level.
hard to find a work/life balance in retail
There is a lot of standing.
You work retail hours, but you are busy constantly in the crowded environment so the time can go pretty quickly.
nothing negative to say about the companyfriendly environment management is very hands off as long as you're doing your job.
None here, other than the lack of benefits for being "part-time" but working 40+ hours per week.
weird hours, no really life b/c you work different days all the time
Retail is retail. It can be a bit stressful dealing with other peoples perception of what "they're entitled to" ...
Lack of communication. Lack of administrative competency.
demanding customers that are eroding the companies core values little by little.
Slow to assimilate to the growing demand for support. No higher management leadership on how to provide an insane amount of customers with an amazing support journey, this results in a "too many Chiefs, not enough Indians" mentality
I wouldn't want anything changed as of right now. I do hope that all managers and teams are as amazing as mine!
Communication for new products are sometimes not very timely
High stress level. Even though pay may be a lot better than other retailers sometimes doesn't feel enough for what you do. Management like to micromanage at times. Can be demanding around holidays and products launches.
difficult for individuals to get promoted
Upward mobility could be difficult sometimes.
Promotions can be based on favoritism Managers and employees continue to work there after their passion is gone Strict attendance policy with no exceptions allowed (seen lots of good employees fired) Steve Jobs no longer CEO
I honestly can't think of any at the moment except for competition between coworkers for better positions
too much work customers complain alot
Little work life balance and busy all year round. Fast-paced and dynamic.
Highly political, so make sure your buddy-buddy with the Leadership team if you intend on getting promoted. It's retail, scheduling can be a pain and just a few holidays off, though they do give bonus holiday days to be taken later in the year. Management has to "sponsor" you if you want to transfer or promote outside your store.
No commision! And mangagers are always on you in regards to your sales techniques.
Poor opportunity for upward mobility. Requirement to change personal views to conform to company culture. Politics are very high in determining your career path. Rewards are not based on merit but how much people like you and the way you treat others. Top producers are not recognized unless you are connected (liked) with the right people.
Aside from holiday hours in a retail store (which is to be expected because it's RETAIL), the starting hourly wage was on the low side.
Long weeks, working holidays, it is retail
None, other than have a more strict policy on hiring. Weed out the clowns who don't have a strong work ethic and are just there to try and get out of working.
Can be quite challenging at times when there are a lot of customers, leaders tend to micro-manage employees, must have a good amount of availability, expected to know a vast amount of information.
isolation, not as many perks as on site, non-personal relationships with coworkers and management, difficult to move up after you have worked there for awhile
I don't really have any cons.
No cons. Would work there again if I didn't go to school.
a lot of customers, can become hectic and loud at rush hour
Low pay grade Very hard to move from one department to other Unless you know the managers No incentive to move forward
Difficult customers, working on weekends. It is retail after all
You have to work Retail hours.
Too many meetings that don't impact goals
Must be available to work at least two weekend days and cannot pick your own hours.
Micro-management is encouraged by Flag Leaders. Bathroom breaks are timed. There is almost no internal promotions beyond Creative or Genius or Expert.
The leadership can be hit or miss, with some leaders not very educated on the tech their working with. The obvious con to this job is how unforgiving and mean customers can be, but that's usually with every retail job.
The leadership can be hit or miss, with some leaders not very educated on the tech their working with. The obvious con to this job is how unforgiving and mean customers can be, but that's usually with every retail job.
High demands, no room for growth
-Lateral movement is simple, but vertical movement is impossible. -Retail hours means your work/life balance will be nonexistent -Difficult to request time off unless it is done months in advance -Pay has not increased with the rate of inflation -Micromanagement -Employee performance metrics system is atrocious -Pushes add-on sales under the guise of "Complete Solutions"
Leadership team involves alot of power hungry individuals. Overly political and back stabbing people.
constant over time, hard to change schedule
Customers were always rude, and was hard to get time-off.
Management is typically not truly invested in you and only in numbers.
Apple has actually become their own commercial, from 1984: lines of brainwashed drones, chanting in unison, with a bald-headed overlord issuing instructions on a huge video screen.  I worked for Apple, then left to pursue another career. A couple years ago I ended up in a city where it was difficult to pursue my occupation so I went to the Apple Store to interview for a position as a "Genius." I was so shocked at what its become-- or how I've changed, I'm not sure which.  Its like everyone snorts Zoloft. I appreciate being positive, but this was positive taken to the nth degree, a scary, conforming kind of positive. It's like everyone was looking around to make sure they were smiling at least 10% more than the others: and their eyes spoke fear. I like Apple overall, but Steve was a tyrant and the company greenlit some absolute steamers, against the advice of people who knew what they were talking about. Rather than admit they screwed up, though, the company religion is that Apple can do no wrong and you (the consumer, or the doubter) are the problem. As in, it was "just too advanced for you", or "you just don't get it."  I agree with another reviewer on the willing isolation and ignorance. Apple's OS X really was a thing of beauty when it was first rolled out… more than a decade ago. A decade. TEN YEARS. Ever since, we've been hopping along on forced upgrades that look more and more candy while sucking up more and more memory. Meanwhile, the Calendar app blows, iTunes blows, and Apple's push to exclude Microsoft Office from its mobile suite (in favor of everybody's favorite, "Pages") just annoys everybody who has to do something serious. Where's the innovation that changes someone's life?  Gone, because now Apple's cool. It's the popular kid, wearing the polos and the cardigans. And I'm the surly maverick with big dreams, looking for a company like me.
Low pay espcially if you are in the genius bar arena
lack of promotion, senior management can vary
There are a lot of hours to choose from but you may not always get your first choice of hours.
Definite responsibility cap if you are only part time, had to work holidays
The time commitment they expect for the wages they offer. Pretentious, snooty, politically correct, HR approved answers to specific questions. "One size fits all" mentality when it comes to workers' work/life balance needs.
Politics, cliques within members of leadership. You will succeed if you know how to build the right alliances. If you fly under the radar, you wont last.
Management was high turn over and always insecure with their lack of technological knowledge. Always attempted to treat it like Target or Starbucks, where they all seem to come from.
Work-life balance, slower responses to different issues.
low salary, low benfits and comp days off. this would be a better part time job.
Working from home can be very boring. If you are not good at your job you will be hounded by management. Luckily I did not have that issue! Not easy to move up or around. Pay was not fantastic. And you were expected to go full time around holidays or product launches. Did not matter if you could not.
They will work you hard though. Be prepared to work nights, weekends and holidays.
Hours are long and there is not a set schedule. Many locations are based in malls so they are open during almost all holidays.
there are really no cons that i can think of. it is just a great working place and environment. great people and good service
Promotions are a little hard to get
Can be tiring, would have liked more hands-on training, dealing with irate or distraught customers can be frustrating
The suck-ups get the promotion, not the those who are 100% qualified in the technology and people skills. I didn't polish the turds of upper management, however I had a 100% Positive Feedback based on my Genius Bar and Personal Training feedback. Even with my knowledge and customer satisfaction I was never considered for the Genius position. It's very clique / culty, you get ahead by following the rules and buddying up with all managers..
nothing wrong here, i like
Promotions don't really make sense. They aren't necessarily looking for the best talent to promote first, but they do have opportunities for advancement.
Nothjng is bad for this conpany
You will always work weekends. Sometimes promotions internally are more difficult than being hired externally for the same role.
Management is horrible. A least at my store.
Can not think of one
I feel like we have been stagnated in our current roles and it is very hard to move up or even laterally in the company. It feels as though upward movement is decided on by an arbitrary set of values rather than actual performance and abilities.
The couches get cold since they are made out of aluminum. The reviews are not frequent enough and therefore when you get feedback it can be a surprise. Everything comes from the top down not a lot of ideas being suggested you make your way up and then you earn the right to tel others what to do.
The culture is very secretive and there is a lot of duplication of effort. Also the internal IT systems leave a lot to be desired. Very un-Apple like.
Lots of people seem to love working at Apple. I can't say I understand why. To me, my job is boring. They don't value creativity or insight, they value carrying out the tasks that management sets for you. The company's priorities don't make a whole lot of sense, either, wrt to how resources are allocated. Micromanagement seems to be the norm. There doesn't seem to be a sense of urgency in some areas, while other areas are on the "death march" from release to release. Secrecy between teams is irritating and leads to less innovation and poorer quality.
Customers can be, at times, difficult and demanding. However, with the extensive training and team support you have behind you once you're on the floor, there's not been one situation that was unable to be solved.
-Retail: inherently erratic schedules -Time off needs to be requested well in advance making work/life balance a challenge
Management are very cold and only concerned with money
Difficult to move into leadership if you are not in an accelerated program.
Culture is shifting towards more generic retail. Management hired externally needs better training, and needs to be positioned to succeed from the get go.
Too much politics. Manager favorites and I feel like I'm working in a pep squad. If you enjoy clapping and cheering every time someone buys an iPod go for it
Working for Applecare will suck the soul out of you. Non-stop people yelling at you because the idoits at the Genuis bar or store can't fix issues right the first time. If you want a Career in tech support this is for you. Team managers get on your case if you have the highest handle time in the team, and they threaten to fire you.
work culture is not good.
There are no cons and I don't think there will be any
Truly expected to lay ones life down for the good of the company. Long hours with high (sometimes unreasonable) expectations. There is no life outside of Apple. Although it tries to represent itself as a big company with a small business approach, the longer I was there the more I realized how much it is a huge corporate entity and I was just a number. Hard to get promoted within the company unless one is driven toward corporate. Managers, Store Manager, and General Manager have their own approaches and agendas. Be ready for many management changes, including upper such as Store and General. With so much turn-around and transfers, it becomes harder and harder to feel complacent (of which is a word meaning "death" in the eyes of Apple).
I joined Apple because I thought it was an innovative, smart, creative company. Instead, I found IBM. People are promoted because of longevity, not talent or innovation. The most frequently used tool is Excel. Yes, Excel. I even had to fight with management to get an iPad to test the iPad app I was building for Apple. IS&T couldn't even get the current model.  My team was working on projects I had implemented 10 years ago at other companies. A content mgmt portal, customer master data, a training platform. It boggles the mind how this company is able to grow and scale.  It's also laughable how often you're told "It's a privilege to work for Apple". Seriously?  Their benefits are average. I was paying $200/mo to cover my family of 3. The perks (for Silicon Valley) are below average. Work 50-60 hours a week and you can't even scrounge a free soda in your building.  And talk about an uninspiring work environment. Ever notice Apple's office buildings are never profiled as cool or creative? It's cube city. My building felt more like a call center than a fun, energizing work space.
Meet some bizarre people in the retail industry. Crowded, crazy. Not too many cons to be honest.
I truly can not think of any cons. Aside from having to work retail hours which can be a drag on social life.
Grueling hours and lots of international travel, mostly to Asia. No formal training is offered.
It takes many years to grow in terms of promotions. Work-life balance for Leaders and Managers is not the best.
None that I can think of now.
There is a methodology to everything. Free-thinking and innovation, surprisingly, in the customer service space is generally frowned upon by management.
Stressful work Customers are snooty/self absorbed Standards are very high
Horrible management, scheduling issues, lots of drama, no ability to move onto corporate, room for advancement but you can only move up so far, retail sucks, the customers can be very difficult and entitled
Not really a con, but expected: compensation generally lags behind performance. Work can be very ambiguous at times. Many peers are spread very thin. Apple has a "show me" culture which generally requires you to work periods of double-time to prove your own ideas.
Work is not that great
As a member of the business team, spent more time selling business to the store that to the customers.
No cons. Great job to have
Not much upward mobility to management positions. There is a lot of job competition.
Retail hours don't allow for great work/life balance. Store HR and other admin can be very incompetent at times and not be held accountable for mistakes that have heavy impact on store employees. They tell you that you own your development, but hinders you from training and developing because store traffic is often times outrageous.
- Not enough employee's scheduled to balance the traffic of incoming customers. At times we are helping up to 4 different customers at the same time. -Micromanaging - Difficult to move up in the company, either to get full-time or go into corporate. - There is no set schedule so the hours you work can change on a day to day basis. - The pay does not reflect the amount of work that goes in to the job. This is why most part-timers have a 2nd job.
It's hard work, very busy retail environment , can be stressful
Hours and expectations are unsustainable. Managers are good individual contributors but terrible managers. Cadence of meetings doesn't allow any downtime and teams work in silos, and have internal conflict with other groups to pass blame.
Over the past year it seems they have moved the upper management from China to the US. They have have stopped trying to staff for the amount of business they were receiving and instead required everyone to work overtime far more than normal with complete disregard for their employees. If you like paid slavery then this is the job for you.
Apple treats new employees very employee. They wanted me to wait one full year for benefits.
Customers were the biggest challenge. If you are not afraid and like to deal with conflict in difficult people, then you may like this job in customer service. Getting bounced around to different teams every couple months was a little difficult to relearn each managers preferences. Numbers could be difficult to stay in if one got too comfortable in the job.
Not many I can think of.
- Retail ages ware barely enough to be able to buy computers, even with the discount, rendering the discount almost useless. They're really great as favors for friends/family who have jobs that pay more than yours. - Management is extremely skilled at giving you the runaround (also known as Feedback) when it comes time for promotion or a lateral shift in positions. Interviews either end up going cold with no response, or some "surprise star candidate" will swoop out of nowhere to take the position you desire so dearly. - Glass ceiling. Extremely little room for advancement. Someone has to either die or get fired for a spot to open up. There are pretty much 2-3 positions you can move into before "management' is the next step, where you get a nice little raise to get yelled at by more customers and deal with disgruntled employees who have no future. - Resume killer. Once you've spent enough time in retail, you're essentially silo-ing yourself into that industry. Recruiters will see your experience as retail and generalize you as a retail salesperson, despite your own perception that you do not work at Macy's, Best Buy, Urban Outfitters, etc. If retail is your career choice, you're in the right place. If it isn't, you're screwing yourself. - Methodologies to provide customers with "options" for service are really just an euphemism for coercing the customer to conform to the workflow that Apple has set out. You are taught to repeat the same "option" repeatedly until the customer gives up, and agrees with you. That is NOT successful negotiation. It's not truly a choice if you can only provide the option to take it or leave it. That is called communism/socialism/totalitarianism. (ps. This is America.) - False perception of creativity. Apple positions itself as a company that breeds creativity. Truth be told, the retail store is merely a delivery mechanism for distributing products. As an employee, you have no impact on product development, processes, etc. You are merely a drone whose role is to hand customers product with a smile and collect payment. (The finger doesn't tell the brain what to do. The finger does what it's supposed to do.)
It's still a retail store... The busy times of year you're treated poorly and expected to dedicate yourself to the job as if it were a career.
retail hours, getting time off
Retail hours can be unpredictable, and the attendance policy is a bit draconian.
Can be stressful just like any retail position
Nasty customers, management can be overly bossy at times
average pay and benefits becoming more expensive
It's just unbelievable that, after I hired on I had absolutely no job assignment, no introduction to the group, no keys to the group area. Just sat there waiting, waiting waiting. No matter how much I studied the product line and showed how I could use my skill set to really help them where I knew help was needed, all I got was nothing, no communication, no job assignment. So I watched a critical product get delayed, and delayed, and delayed. Instead of analysis and calculations, their approach to solve the problem was to have meetings meetings meetings on and on with a bunch of people who couldn't care less, staring at their cell phones instead of joining the meeting! I was like, This is Apple? RUFKMe? By having meetings upon meetings the manager could lie to the upper management that something was being done.I looked back at my resume to make sure it didn't say somewhere, "I am skilled at being ignored and tapping my fingers on my desk". Nope, not in there.
Sometimes work load becomes too much especially during new releases.
No cons to think of with this company thus far.
Management is awful. They micromanage without knowing what it is the different departments actually do. Time off is hard to get and the scheduling is a nightmare. External hires and transfers are brought in instead of promoting from within.
fight for hours, no uppward mobility
promotion and compensation increases slow to materialize
Just somethings aren't great but it's retail so what can you get
Sometimes the stores are overcrowded and service takes a while,
Too casual and laid back reducing the output from employees.
-very taxing when you are dealing with people who are calling because they are frustrated, unsure how to use the product, or are unappreciative of your effort -additional hours can occur for busy periods, even if you are taking classes at the same time
Rotation of hours based on stats. That is the only con I have for Apple. I loved working for them. I have many friends who still work there and were promoted within a year!
promotions are a high school popularity contest. Some Customers can be extremely unruly (threatening to throw various iDevices at your face for not replacing them). Stress will become your best friend and you have no say in the matter
Shift variations, I didn't like having different shifts month to month.
- Too much focus on metrics, under the guise of giving the customer the complete solution. Often times it felt as if leadership just wanted us to meet metrics so that they could get their bonuses at the end of the year.  - The worst work-life balance I have ever experienced -- had a multitude of time-off requests denied (that were submitted months in advance) and was also hassled by management for not meeting "the needs of the business" - Micro-management -- what is the point of telling your employees to assume positive intent and have liberties with the customer interaction if the management is constantly overbearing and questioning a majority of your decisions anyway - No chance for career growth. There is a lot of bait and switch with Apple Retail. Many employees are misled to believe that they will eventually end up at Apple Corporate. There is nearly no career growth to begin with, most pay increases are marginal and promotions in Apple Retail are lateral. A lot of politics play into promotions, the innovators are seldom recognized.
NO work life balance, constantly pushed to take on more with no relief and no reward. Weak middle management and too many layers.
No upward or sideway movement potential. You will do the same job for 5-7 years at least after your first bump from junior level. Lots of talk about promoting from within, rarely ever happens. Managers are hired from outside instead. Salary is lower than average.
Customers can be particularly draining
no specific cons other than occasional late hours and weekends which is hard if your social life requires hanging out with friends and family on the weekend
The Hours can be long and are not 9-5
Growth was not very well, it also depends on your store and mangers but for the most part they want to see years of experience just to be a genius. Sometimes even favoritism. They make growing into a role much harder when newbies can just be hired into the role. They require you to go through each role and wait minimum 6 months to change roles. Even feedback does not help this situation.
The culture is more like a cult-ure...the place is a cult. If you are a level-headed human being, you may lose your sh*t working with some of these folks.
Absolutely terrible hours. If you want any hours at all, you have to be available 100%, no exceptions. Schedules change from week to week, making having any kind of event planning near impossible. That is, unless you request off at least a month in advance.
Not much opportunity for growth. Depending on your location, leadership may or may not take an interest in developing career.
Their attendance policy is very unforgiving, if you are more than a minute or two late to clock in you get a point that stays on your record for a year. Get 3 of those in a year and you can no longer transfer to opening at other stores (which I was planning on to solve some traffic issues that was making it hard to be to work on time). Get another point beyond that 3rd and you are fired.
Long hours, work never ends, not enough free food, poor internship program structure, sink or swim environment, pay can be better
This retail location had a very high volume of customers. The environment seamed very hectic and not controlled. Management seamed to be overwhelmed by customers and employees, thus deeming them unreliable.
The overall direction of the company isnt what it was before. now its very power/money hungry and customers are taking a back seat to it all. People get hired into leadership roles who either do not know how to use a mac or dislike them. makes zero sense.
Customers can get crazy when their technology doesn't work. As in, yelling, swearing, throwing a tantrum crazy. Managers who drink the cool-aid speak competency language and are often condescending towards employees who are often not familiar with Lominger.
Customers can sometimes be unnecessarily rude and mean.
none that i can think of
Every retail job has crazy customers. At Apple you get a great taste at how un-human people are. Some fail to notice that they are entering a store that doesn't revolve around them.
Micro-Managers abound. Field employees are not given the tools they need to do their jobs. Raises do not keep up with the rate of inflation. There is very little budget for training. Engineering decides what will get into the products. Software quality has decreased over the past 24 months. APIs change, without notice, causing major software outages for customers. Don't believe there is an open dialogue encouraged philosophy with your manager. You are one innocent mistake away from being fired. You will work very hard to make management very rich.
As much as Steve Jobs used to say Apple is "flat", it really isn't. It's very structured and political. You are supposed to "stay in your swim lane" and not worry about what other teams are doing. For some employees that's fine (and even desired), but if you are a big picture thinker you like to know the big picture and that makes it hard. If you try to help in other areas too much you are likely to get your leash yanked to get you back in line. It almost feels like they want to crush the disruptive innovators in the organization and get a bunch of mindless followers.
The pay still isn't enough to live in New York City, any job where you wear a branded shirt makes you feel like you're working for 'the man', regardless of the fact that it's Apple.
Lateral movement is easy, vertical movement nearly impossible
lots of customer interaction, which can be a pro or a con. You just have to have the right mindset and find your stride. Overall, though, a GREAT place to work, and I made many friends whom I still keep in touch with, even after 2+ years out of the job.
More hours for part timers
Everything about the managers in general
I felt that the pay was not up to par with the job demands, which can be very stressful. And by the time I left the company, I felt that their emphasis on training their employees well was taking a back seat to just selling as much as possible at all times.
very hard to gain insights or big picture view of the product because of the secretive culture.
Micro management, managers don't know much when it comes to operations within a position.
co-workers fly off the cuff verbally at times, work / life balance is less life and more work, upward mobility is lateral, and the constant rush of customers keeps life interesting. Cons aside, still would recommend the experience.
I'd say it is very difficult in some departments to be noticed, considering there are LOTS of people that do exactly what you do. Overall what I am trying to say its you absolutely have got to be the BEST or innovative (which is key) to be noticed and can get a promotion or raise. My opinion, a 5-10% increase in the current salaries / per hour increase would be just fine considering that we work our butts off.
The job itself can get very repetitive after a while.  Whilst, the company values are good, it can sometimes get a bit happy-clappy. It seemed that you're promoted and assessed on your willingness to conform to a set of strict values, rather than your ability.  Limited progression.  As with any retail job, it can be difficult to get holiday off around Christmas.  Felt short-staffed at times.
A great deal of micromanaging, lots of metrics that are very difficult to control and maintain good customer service scores.
Extremely long hour Slave driving culture
Dealing with difficult customers. Sometimes short handed on genius's. Schedules being done in a way where you're set to work 7-10 days in a row.
Sometimes management can overwork you. Management won't always be on your side, even if you are following policy. Management can seem to care more about the onetime buyer, then the everyday employee.
Poor leadership and not a lot of connection to the corporate section.
Sales numbers and metrics are tracked and while it depends on your store's managers, you can either feel very pressured to perform or not. The customers can be pretty hard to deal with, there are certainly good ones, but the bad ones are REALLY bad. There is also pressure not to call out sick or miss work days as the stores are pretty busy. Unless you're very lucky, you will be working most weekends for sure. I have known a few people who have worked out getting weekends off, but it's not common.
The benefits make you not want to leave
Applicant tracking system isn't amazing.
bonuses are terrible unless you are a manager
Sometimes it could get stressful because the customers could be quite demanding but there was always someone there to help you out on the other end Work/Life balance could be a bit hectic but as long as you showed up when you needed to be there and didn't abuse the absence policy you were fine :)
Limited team work. Everyone works on his own...mainly because of secerecy policy. No internal documents, so have to ask a lot, and have to know who to ask.
No set schedule. Not many options for advancement above mid tier positions. Some positions misclassified as mid tier when they ought to be higher tier and higher pay due to job intensity and difficulty.
Too much secrecy between teams. Technocrats run development. Politics drives development. Little recognition and reward.
Upper management is GREAT at saying one thing and doing another. They'll promise you a position you work your butt off for then at the eleventh hour present another "competency" you need for the role. While folks have as qualified as you are given that same position for no apparent reason other then they're friends with upper management. Lot's of cock-blocking if you're not part of the "in-crowd".
Terrible work schedule, you never get weekends. Low pay.
I have nothing to complain about!
Cons is the promotions within take a long time because there are so man people trying to get promoted at the same time as you.
limited pay and career advancement
Make sure to consistently have a positive attitude, and sometimes it may take a long time to get promoted depending on what you're going for.
Exhausting, repetitive and few advancement opportunities if retail is not your end goal.
I didnt really like the job and I wish the pay had been a bit higher. Its not a bad job, but can get kind of repetitive with having to deal with so many customers, and the metrics that they expect you to meet.
As a home-based employee, of course my interactions with co-workers and supervisors were expected to be drastically different than they would be in a real office. But there's never an effort to balance this out. I can go weeks without a word of casual conversation being said in the team chatroom. I feel almost embarrassed that I'm holding a bachelor's degree from a top university, but I'm surrounded by dull people who do nothing all day but play video games and sleep. You cycle through managers and teams, shift schedules, even entire job roles wlly-nilly, without any input on your part.  There is really no interest in the satisfaction of the customer. It's all about the metrics. You can have stellar reviews from customers, and documented peer feedback from other departments bragging about you, but if you can't average out a 15 minute phone call time to fix the endless list possible issues that can go wrong with a computer, then you're in the hot seat. Don't "fix" your behaviors in 3, 6, then 7 months and you're probably going to be canned. So it's either be curt, and frankly rude, to a lot of the people that buy products from you, or fall down the totem pole in the staff rank and get stuck working a late night shift the next time shift bids come around, which will make good performance tougher, your personal life lonelier, all while any recommendation for a change in the operating procedures is balked at by management.  One is expected to clock-in and immediately start taking calls. 60 seconds is expected between hanging up one call, finishing the case notes, and taking your next call. Any time over 5 minutes will have you speaking with a supervisor. I once had my pay revoked for taking 20 minutes to check email and get situated before logging into the call queue. And even if you're not completely hoarse and exhausted from a nonstop cycle of calls, you will be pressured, and by that i mean threatened with zero consideration for future upward movement, if you do not partake in at least 6 hours per week of overtime during the busy season, which is about 5 months out of the year. I stopped caring when I realized I was spending my extra money from OT on prescription painkillers for my back from being chained to a desk every solitary second for 7.5 hours (that's a day minus 1 hour lunch and two 15 minute breaks). Also during this busy season, you will experience cancellation of team meetings, training seminars, or any other offline time that might have given you a moment of rest from the endless work or time to work on a side project that you could use to show your skills to other areas of the company.  Sum of the story: you are paid to do exactly one job and one job only and you're not allowed to do or think anything else besides that one job. It's a dead-end. I hear the salaried positions are pretty cool, but if you have to work like a dog at the entry level, I hate to think of how life-consuming a position with actual responsibility at this company must be.
Difficult to get promoted, very flat structure, compensation is not as high as it should be for the amount of work that is being down
Difficult to get promoted, very flat structure, compensation is not as high as it should be for the amount of work that is being down
Transparency between corporate and retail stores.  There isn't much time to allow for personal development time while not directly in role, and everything is very "gray" in terms to getting promoted past manager level.  Apple prides itself on owning your own development, but that looks different for each store, and there's no true assessment of one's qualifications and promotion.
long hours, constant change in policy
none at all writing this bothers me
Pay is very low and the opportunity to move up within the pay scale lies in your ability to relocate to Cupertino. Long term career is difficult to imagine here.
Big company culture... lots of redundancy.
Nobody in the store makes salary and they try not to let anyone work overtime. You must be a people person in order to succeed at any job at apple. Management will often schedule for a 7.5 hour shift so that you have to take a full unpaid hour lunch, rather than a 7 hour shift where you only have to take a half.
Apple is awesome , apple is my favorite company and is best company ever! iPhones are best in the world
Upward movement is very competitive. Culture can mask the business side but doesn't negate it.
Not a flexible part-time job but schedule demands are more like full-time position. Your schedule has to be available to company needs at all times. Many workers are wonderful, but only takes one bad Apple to who misuses position to sour experience. Watch out for senior substituting for manager name dropping area manger to you in introduction. This one person actually threatened that the views shouldn't be challenged because of long time work relationship with area manager.
Schedule can be tough because of consistency
It's busy. Really busy sometimes. Expect to stand on your feet all day, all shift. And the floors are mostly hard concrete/rock. You are required to work two days out of Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, and one additional day. As a FT employee, I had both of my days off during the week, and worked pretty much every Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Each store may be a little different, though, so ask if you are concerned. Promotions are difficult. Hard to get to where you want to go, and definitely no clear path to management. Lots of politics and grudges held. When I left, I was still being reminded of mistakes I had made 3 years ago. Also, Leadership can tend to micromanage. I suspect that this is different in each store. Some customers are tough customers who have overly high expectations. The hours are lousy, especially during the holidays. Sometimes you might work 3pm-12am, even though the mall closes at 10pm. Expect 5x 9 hr. shifts during your week, with one hour unpaid lunch each shift and two paid 15 minute breaks each shift. But don't expect to go to lunch on time, or to take your 15 minute breaks on time, because you probably won't. Apple is in some hot water for this out in California. You aren't paid commission, bonus, or anything, just hourly, so no matter how well you outperform everyone else, you get the same pay. I never heard of anyone, save for maybe three people out of 170, not get the standard 4% raise.
Any customer service job is hard. Some of the people you help will be very rude, which makes the job less desirable at times. Be prepared to be yelled at sometimes.
Some co-workers just didn't have people skills and made coming to work almost depressing. Started to become understaffed and the work started to pile. Management would take there sweet time hiring new people, which made getting ahead or even caught up your task virtually impossible.
High call volume/non flexible hours
Heavy secrecy. Harder than other companies to grasp the big picture.
Can be stressful if customer service is not your forte
Very busy and requests too much availability for part time employees
Apple has a ton of $, that's no surprise. The $10/hr offer they give you might be. As of 2012, Apple was doing pay increases for all employees. This would have been great, as I was planning a transfer to a store in a different state. During my transition, Apple went on a hiring freeze, where in my current position was lost, and the future position I was going to, was put on hold. This went on for 6 months. I essentially lost my job, and senior management did little to help.
Hard to grow with the company into a management position--they are currently hiring a lot externally for leadership positions, which was really devalue the experience one has gained after 3 or 4 years with the company
It can be tough to move to different positions. Sometimes it felt like there were manager favorites that would get all the opportunities to move around. When the store is busy, it can be chaotic and stressful working with customers you want to give your all but have the eyes of many waiting customers staring laser beams into your soul.
Lack of work/life balance. It also all depends on who is your direct report. If they willing to invest in you, then your next step is way easier to come to you. But if your direct report does not care about the team, then it eventually will lose all the hard working people.
Very competitive. Mandatory overtime hours. There are also alot of employees that you must compete with in order to move forward within the company
There is no work-life balance what so ever.
Getting the worst customers EVER. You really need to have thick skin. Also, managers will schedule you for full time even though you are part time, so students don't get to be students here.
Meeting horrible, self-entitled, tech-illiterate-yet-condenceding, rude people. Impossible to get time off. Not flexible.
Leadership is great. Management is amazing. Great perks. Apple takes care of you from their health benefits to their employee programs. Amazing!
You are far away from your teammates and sometimes it is hard to communicate problems or issues with management when you are working remotely.
.....Apple had no real cons. Everything you experienced there was what you made of it.
Hard to move up, very competitive, and sometimes politics come into play.
Management is a mixed bag of amazing people and incompetency. Your hard work may be for nothing depending on who is managing. Absolutely no work life balance. Weekends are mandatory, and Friday is a weekend day for them. Midnight shifts are also a thing, instead of repairs in the morning like it always was, now you stay til midmight despite the store closing at 9.
The job is stressful and opportunities for advancement are done on need over quality of work.
Losing the soul of the Steve Apple a little more every day
1% chance of advancement. Poor training of the necessities execute the expected tasks. Store is constantly understaffed and the longer the customers wait the more likely it will be more taxing on you to deliver the appropriate experience. Over time this becomes a situation you can't win
long hours I need my sleep
Long hours and so much information transmission
Being in customer service was a nightmare. Being in customer service was a nightmare. Being in customer service was a nightmare. Being in customer service was a nightmare. Being in customer service was a nightmare.
Possibly talking on the phone all day
There is a lot of secrecy and silos in order to keep company information on a need to know basis and extremely confidential. This is a good thing from the perspective of PR and marketing but sometimes it hinders learning, sharing and effectively working on new things. It also has a tendency to foster a culture where more senior employees can effectively shut off newer employees.
Lots of competition can lead to jealousy, you have to really work hard in order to make it.
how can there be. I love Apple.
Since I have to enter at least twenty words, I will simply say that there are none. Really.
Retail hours and working on holidays.
Engineers are sent to China way too often. The life in China for several weeks leading to new product launches is not very good.
Getting to know some co-workers is a bit challenging.
Fast pace can be challenging sometimes Not a lot of room to move up but there are opportunities occasionally
You have to know tons of information
It never stops. You are expected to be up, available and on 24/7. I quit.
Nothing really bad to say. The job itself can suck at times. Customers can be really demanding and rude. BUT, once you get into your routine, the few bad calls you get are easy to deal with.
I have no complaints about working at Apple. I have enjoyed working here the past 8 yrs.
There are a whole lot of inexperienced managers here and there is no training to help them learn people management skills. They tend to promote good performers without any management skills and then don't help them obtain any. Be extremely judicious in getting onto a team that has great leadership because there is a huge inconsistency in management skills. Not really a company that appreciates and respects older, experienced folks, geared more for the 25-35 crowd. Starting salaries are low compared to other companies in silicon valley, but do give annual cost of living raises (as opposed to other companies that bring you in high but never give raises).
I hear management depends on the store, but that goes for every single career or passion job I've ever been at.
Personally not into sales, but that's just my preference.
They tend to rule with an Iron Fist, There is this annoying fear that makes people unwilling to express anything that may be perceived as criticizing. Everyone seems to be looking over their shoulder for reason other than bad production.
Software development is secondary to hardware development. Some departments run like startups and sweatshops. The technical ability of staff isn't as great as you might expect, but there are some standouts.
Leadership only cared about $$, customers had unrealistic expectations many times and company would expect you to cater to these while not giving you the tools to do so
Hard to transfer either between stores or corporate. Management doesn't communicate with each other well. Easy to get pigeon holed into one role Movement seems to plateau once you reach a certain level Management seems to be hired externally instead of internaly Some stores have high turnover, making working as a team difficult Horrible time and attendance policy As with any retail store, weird or difficult hours Customers are sometimes difficult to deal with. Sometimes staffing doesn't fit company needs. Tenure seems to have no importance. 8 years and I needed to interview like it's day one all over again. Sometimes it feel alike good work goes unappreciated by management.
You are expected to deliver 24/7 with a lot being asked of you, gets very stressful and management is always wanting more. On weekends the store is crazy busy and customers are not always understanding. You are expected to sell apple care with everything so sometimes other employees will hand you off a customer cause they don't think the customer will buy apple care.
Deep reorganization within a group did not consider the skills of the smaller teams or individuals well.  If you are used to being a big fish in a smaller pond, you'll need to become skilled at suppressing your ego.  Annual review process having only 3 levels and then adjusting those from upper management to 'balance' is insulting to the excellent people on my team, however, compensation is a much better received.
Work life balance is hard. Its retail, so you'll work black friday and christmas eve. It isn't always easy to get the days you want off.
Compensation is low . New hires make the same as you when they start, even though you've been with the company for years. At the end of the day, its still retail. You have no set schedule you could be working 9-6pm one day then 12-9 the next. Weekends off rarely exist.
The training took way to long. It is very hard to move up and the work life balance isn't great. It can be hard to be in a retail setting all day.
The managers can be micromanaging and I know that sounds like I'm not trying to work. I'm honestly good at what I do and am rated very high by my customers and am in the top 5 in all categories for part timers. Yet they still are challenging and not trusting me to do what is right for the customer. I haven't done anything to warrant that and honestly have been a good employee - delivering great sales and support. There are just a few managers that shouldn't and that can really make work exhausting when you don't trust the leadership.
Because of the name, people expect you to know everything about every piece of technology ever made. Your experience really comes down to the management team, so each store varies. They create a policy and then 5 minutes later, that policy is scrapped. Politics (favoritism) Retail hours/holiday rush The quality and culture has really changed since Jobs' passing
Too much competition.. No growth
The hours didn't work. Your first shift bid you don't get to choose what shift your on. The days i got off were great but the times when my kids are at home was very stressful.
They hire refuges from Iraq and Afghanistan that hardly speak English and that is 90% of the entire warehouse it's very hard for a Trainer and Line Lead and if they don't like you they talk about you in there own language. That's not right but Apple doesn't care it's all about the pass units and money for the company. So your constantly Auditing there work because if they don't understand English your responsible to make sure the procedures are done right. I'm in charge of 30 Iraq and Afghanistan employees.
Time off was very difficult to come by. The schedule came out maybe a week in advance, but employees had to give at least four weeks notice to use vacation time. Swing shifts and weekend/holiday work was expected (it is retail, after all). Hiring moved at a glacial pace so store was perpetually understaffed. This worked out poorly for employees and customers alike, since the people who were there were overworked and tired. If you were a management golden child, you could expect to advance.
Erratic hours, sometimes confusing feedback from management. Time-off is difficult at times. It is hard to climb ranks from part to full time.
Hard to move up, retail hours, pervasive low morale at some stores. I found myself unhappy at this job most of the time because I wasn't challenged and there was nowhere to move up besides management, which is basically a glorified babysitter of employees and customers.
elitists, overpriced, unwilling to admit blunders
nothing was bad everything good
growth is challenging...too many good people..
Organization often allows senior leaders with personality challenges to run their organizations with little regard for junior managers. Accountability at senior levels is paramount, but less senior managers should not be victimized by character deficiencies at the top.
none that i can see yet
I can't say anyting bad about this company. I always felt supported and cared about. There aren't many retail jobs that I can say that about.
Murky and flat organizational structure can make figuring out a career path somewhat tricky. Extreme secrecy hampers Apple's drive for collaborative creativity.
Culture used to be more important in the earlier days of Apple, it seems as if the main focus now is on the repairs of products versus the full experience of the customer.
Long hours (like most retail jobs) Glass ceiling. Really hard to move up.
Absolutely no Work/Life Balance. Working just about every single weekend is a nightmare. Extremely crowded loud environment can lead to a ton of stress. Most days are spent getting yelled at by most customers. Management doesn't care too much about employees being overworked. They can do something about this but choose not to . Pay is good but not nearly enough for the amount of work and job duties expected.
heavy workload, extensive training not much perks for employees
work-life balance, retail hours, stressful
It was non stop. The only non-busy hours in that store were after closing and before opening.
to be successful you need to be willing to grow, change, and adapt
This company has become filled with a bunch of bad Apple unfortunately. I loved this Company, but frankly, middle management is getting too big, decision making process is getting too bureaucratic, and there are a lot of employees who are just there for the money, rather than focus on doing a great thing. Unfortunately I see this ship sinking in the long term. There are no growth opportunities here other than to get the company's name on the resume and go somewhere else.
Sometimes business needs will dictate role changes.
All entry level positions are part-time, and the schedules can shift around quite a bit.
managers switching every week, the way to do things changing on a weekly basis
Very few breaks and long hours standing. Depends on manager working with. Some are very people oriented and some are all about sales metrics. Raises and opportunity to move up depends on sales metrics.
Not much training for the job. Most of the times, need to explore and learn by oneself. Long working hours. Usually worked overtime. Not much opportunity for promotion.
It's the corporate world as you would expect. Systematic, structured, organized, and a narrow ladder up.
It was very demanding and tough work at times. Sometimes I would get frustrated because of how much there was to do but they always provide the resources to help.
Work can be very demanding with long hours depending on the group you are in.
Not enough time in the day
ineffective managers, red tape, preferential treatment
Sometimes its hard to speak to tourist who aren't native english speakers. It is always best to have Google translate by your side.
NO work life balance restrictions on creating things outside of work not paid fairly, especially for the higher level retail jobs
No cons for this position.
It's retail and the hours are unpredictable because the schedule rotates. The store can get very busy. Everyone you know will ask you to fix their device.
Poor work life balance. Marginal compensation.
Some feel that promotions can be "political," but it all has to do with the dynamic of that specific team. Compensation is still retail level and this job can become extremely demanding. The metrics they strive for can only be accomplished when the Family Room team and the Management team are 100% on the same page and that isn't always the case. In my experience a lot of managers were outside hires and lacked the technical know-how to lead a team of technicians.
Competition is incredibly fierce. Some positions can be stagnant.
Somewhat banal, not much room for creativity
Very past paced environment. Not for those that can get stressed out easily. Also not for those who want an environment that constantly stays the same.
Upper management favoritism, hence high turnover rate HR claims open door policy, yet sweeps concerns under the doormat that you just entered from.
They will eat you alive, especially as a contractor. Disposable anonymous warm bodies, especially in the groups with weaker management styles.
During Holidays you have to work full-time with no chances of time off. Had to work on christmas and christmas eve, new years day and new years eve. Crazy high expectations and compensation is not that great. Almost impossible for upward mobility.
Nothing I can think of at the moment
customers are douches, policies change constantly no wiggle room for error
Taking call after call during new product launches.
LIterally no work-life balance. Swing shifts every day, no set hours or days off for part time or full time. Schedule is made only a week in advance, not uncommon to work 7 to 9 to 12 day stretches without a day off. Poor flow of customer interactions, many many angry people all day who take out their frustration of the flawed system on you. Appointment system for tech help is mediocre at best, technicians are overworked, overbooked, underpaid and in constant demand from increasingly impatient and upset customers. Fair pay, but underpaid for the amount of stress and disequilibrium the job entails. On your feet on limestone floors all day, without insoles will cause back pain, knee pain and feet pain if not finding time to sit down every few hours. Hardest retail position I've ever worked.
One of the things that I found challenging was the modularity of the teams. By that, I mean that the teams in IS&T don't interact much with other teams except for when they have to for business reasons. Socially speaking, I don't see a lot of full time employees eating lunch with people from other teams that often. Also, within my own team I never really felt like I had a strong social connection to the people I worked with- people were often just coming in and doing their own work without really interacting that much with other people in the cubes around them. This means that in order to make work friends you kind of have to go out of your way to initiate contact with other people, which can make the first couple months of work a little tougher. This was my experience and I have also heard it echoed by other people in IS&T.
The Apple 'culture' will require you to get sucked into a ceaseless, never ending work life with very little 'real' life to speak of - even a part timer will find themselves work 6-7 very stressful days in a row, with one day off to recoup and you're right back at it. For part-timers, Apple will ride the cusp of what's considered full time with their part time employees so they don't have to offer benefits like paid sick days or paid vacation.
Very poor work-life balance, poor hiring decisions around leadership result in high management turnover. In Apple Retail, retail management experience is very important to becoming a manager - however most managers were not in touch with overall company culture or passionate about products.
* Politics can get in the way of work progress * They haven't figured out how to do continuous integration at their scale. Lots of wasted time on non engineering configuration. * Living-on program is basically having everything you use: your phone, computer, apple TV, Xcode, etc. broken 70% of the time. * Engineering management is reactive. They under invest in testing, automation and continuous integration. As a result loads of productivity is wasted at the company and the organization constantly misses QA sign off on features. * Employee growth is not valued, only current contribution. Very difficult to change roles, work on something as a side project or have impact outside your immediate team. No ability to work on actual projects/apps outside of work due to contract.
Not a lot of room for professional growth working from home but that's the only downfall.
No real room for growth. Too many lazy co-workers. Micro-management here is annoying. No joke - meetings about meetings within other meetings. If you need to blow your nose you'd better be on your break. Lots of busy work and wasted time running unnecessary reports. Great health benefits but an insulting salary considering all the trivial extra work and added stress. A lot of people keep quitting for that reason. I'm not sure my manager even knows what we do, all of her work gets trickled down to us while she texts on her cell phone and sends the same email over and over without bothering to really read the previous ones. She awkwardly struggles to connect with the team and has zero concept of us being busy and unable to get to things. A new responsibility gets added to this job every day with no substantial raise or accolades. Only place I know where you can get an award for going above and beyond and then, come raise time, are told you merely did what's expected of you.
Being in tune with your managers. Deciding if taking a break or lunch I n the store was worth having time to your own. Avoidance of areas scheduled for if you could sidebar with a Manager about interests in a promotional advancement an email was sent about vs. a bulletin board as limitation to email could be sometimes difficult and totally impossible outside the store firewall. Continuous variance from the Apple Credo. Attendance can lead to impossible advancements for up to a year already in progress had you got that time to step from sales and discuss.
Customers are often upset. Most of them are coming in because something isn't working properly. Dealing with unhappy customers can be unpleasant but the training more than compensates for this. You will absolutely know how to handle 90% of those situations.
Raises take more than a year to acquire, you need to keep metrics up extremely high and the amount of emotional involvement in each case is enormous (though wasn't this expected). Careful wording is key. Angry customers may make you take it personally jus because you have to put in so much effort. Vertical movement is also very slim with no motion path upwards. No one knows what job position is above them unless they're your boss.
You may get caught off guard with the new software because the higher-ups may not give you the info until it is fine tuned and tested. Also, you may not get paid time and a half for overtime.
Since Steve Jobs left and subsequently passed away the company became all about metrics. The new CEO sent his directors into parts of the company that were working like well oil machines and made it more about metrics, therefore sacrificing customer experience. This trickled down through all parts of the company. Expect to be micro-managed.The company was already making money hand over fist. This is probably why it had been since the iPad that we had seen any new product innovation.
Long working hour, demanding corporate culture, no work-life balance. Too much travel time, especially during new product ramp.
I was unable to successfully maintain a work, school, and personal balance
None that I can think of.
I don't find much cons with apple, one might find it hard to get into the company and hard to get an interview:(
Hit or miss quality of leadership, scheduling (retail...), upward mobility.
Transitioning from retail to corporate is extremely difficult.
The salary isnt very competitive with other IT companies, possibly because it a work at home environment. They tech discounts and stock options do help indeed, but a higher salary would definitely help.
at the end of the day its retail.
Be prepared to work like a dog. Genius bars are less of a place for you to learn about your favorite technology, but instead more of a rinse-wash-replace method of troubleshooting. This typically frustrates the customers as we hardly have any time (Due to the lack of employees, which may sound absurd, but Genius bar employees typically must take 2 or even sometimes 3 customers at a time. Pay should certainly be more to work with these technical situations versus on the sales floor. Also the revenue to payroll ratio is quite extreme towards the revenue side. One former coworker of mine calculated if our store was to give back to the employees (as a bonus) 0.5% of revenues, each employee could possibly make a EXTRA 10-15k per year. This was in a larger store that had over 200 employees. rather daunting.
Even though the senior corporate leadership is fantastic, skilled, proven and driven to make a good product and take care of its people, the retail leadership is highly lacking. The tendency is to hire people from the outside (Target, for example) who are not familiar with the internal Apple culture and ascend them into leadership roles, rather than spend a little more time and a little more money to develop leaders from within the Apple retail family.
A fair amount of physical labor, motivating others, management is often hard to get on board with ideas.
While there are lots of avenues to try at Apple, there can be so many roadblocks in getting to the next step.
If you work in retail prepare for hell if you want to move into corporate or any leadership role in the store.
No way out of the retail store
Schedule changes every 90 days. Opportunity for advancement beyond Senior Advisor is practically nonexistent.
Before I started working here I heard 2 rumors: low pay & poor work-life balance. Low pay certainly does not seem to be true, although maybe this varies by department. Work-life balance can be challenging at times, but I don't think it is any worse than most other Silicon Valley tech companies. You can't work at a Tier 1 Silicon Valley tech company and expect 9-5 / M-F. What I don't like: Food is not free like Google, and not as good as Google. However they give engineers a $12/day dinner voucher. That is enough at the slightly-subsidized cafeterias to purchase enough for dinner and the next day's lunch, so it's almost like free food. But the variety of food is not that great. Always seems to be the same stuff. Their corporate discounts on things like travel and entertainment are not that good for such a big company, except for Apple products of course. I get better discounts with AAA and buying stuff through Costco.
It's retail, awful hours, some awful customers and while they talk "work life balance" you are expected to work often with little notice and EVERY weekend. In the early 2000's it was all about the customer experience, now it's all about selling and how much can we make off of a customer. I had a manager actually tell me "I expect $5,000 an hour out of transactions like that". After giving Apple 11 years of my life, that was the last straw....
The technical skills you can acquire from Apple as a retail tech support consultant fell short of my expectations. Erratic, inconsistent retail schedules can be hard to deal with over time. Apple is so successful that the stores are often crowded beyond comfortable levels. The Genius Bar is very stressful due to the huge volumes of traffic you have to handle. Managing upset customers all day long can emotionally wear anyone down, so the job demands high mental fortitude.
Scheduling issues: not given advance notice on weekly changing work schedule. Difficult to plan life around
Work - life balance is important to Apple but it becomes a little difficult during holidays and when a new product launches.
Have to work retail hours, not a lot of OT
no leadership, no movement (upword mobility)
It becomes your life, long hours.
I have not found any as of yet
Not as many full-time opportunities.
Some people are idiots and it can be hard to work through their problems with them. If they do something that causes them to lose all of their data then they blame you.
The only negative were when store meetings would happen before your shift. It made for a long day.
Weekends and nights and holiday drudgery for Apple Retail. 12 hour shifts Black Friday. Corporate did not appreciate Retail Employees enough. Blanket emails sent to every employee giving the 'entire' company off except Retail was unappreciated.
Working in retail, especially on the flagship level, can sometimes makes you lose sight to what Apple is really about. You're always "on stage" and can easily burn out smiling and being bubbly all the time.
Low Pay. Must meet Metrics. Politics. Still a man's world.
Impossible to move up in the retail division. Promotions are based on political and personality, not job performance. Pay could be better in the retail division.
Its difficult to keep from getting lonely or cabin fever when working from home.
Very silo'ed, impedes mobility. Highly clique-ish.
Apple expects the best out of you everyday, and consistently performing at a high level can be stressful at times.
management, driving, location, no weekends, no holidays
Its a consumer products company that tries to dabble in enterprise sales. Not all the resources for deployment are there and there are many instances of a truing to fill a round hole with a square peg.
At the end of the day, it is still retail. Although Apple stresses customer satisfaction, the real factor is the almighty dollar. Apple had a trend of hiring managers from outside the industry (i.e. from Starbucks) to manage people with technical training (Genii and Creatives). Skilled workers do not like taking marching orders from unskilled managers who could not do the jobs themselves.
Not for the faint of heart - if you are not dedicated, this job will eat you alive. The standards are high.
can be long hours very stressful hard to get in or seen
I've been there 2 years and I dont see any cons.
There are really no cons working for Apple. I cant think of even one! They are just an all around amazing company to work for and to do business with. They really know how to win people over!
The manangement is always watching you. You have 10 seconds to greet someone at the entry and if you aren't on it, they are on you. Everyone is being watched at all times and listens on to what you are saying. Learning on the floor is painful as you aren't given the time to learn and if it is slow and you work on any of the devices to pick up a tip, you are spoken to about it. The company says they use what's called 'fearless feedback' which is supposed to mean that you can talk to them about what's not working or whatever is on your mind (if you can get time with them), but what it really means is basically everyone spying on one another...not a supportive environment given how hard everyone works.
It's retail sales so no matter how much they develop you or pump you up mentally it's still a grind working retail with no holidays off. Highly political environment either you're in with movers and shakers or you're not.
Numbers-driven, even for support people. Unnecessary pressure put on the various teams and members of same, bordering on oppressive.
~Working with less-than-professional sales staff. ~Too much blue Kool-Aid too often. ~Loud work environment. Deafening music, loud employees, and alarms going off every 5 minutes.
It is still retail. And you have the schedule and crabby people that go along with that.
Tough to get into the Supply chain sector
They keep on asking for more and more for the same salary. If you are a student, this is not the work for you. Apple management do not care whether you are in school or not. They just dictate, "That is how this job is." They force you to work overtime whenever there is a software upgrade. I was a full time student, I needed the money, and they took advantage of my need. I had to stop going to school. This is not a good company.
Work/Life balance can be terrible. Even for a retail specialist, leadership constantly asked people to come in early/stay late, work days off, etc, especially around product launches. Our leadership team was increasingly difficult to satisfy - their drive for results was bordering on maniacal, which took a lot of the Apple magic away from our store and ultimately burned out a lot of their top talent.
- Low Pay, Pay is not based on skill or experience, but based on locale. Raises are 1x/year, despite many new skills learned and responsibilities delegated between yearly reviews. - High stress situations, working with frustrated people, time constraints, glitchy internal systems, and other departments that refuse to help. - Uncontrollable situations reflect poorly on Advisor's records, customer surveys determine ½ of overall Advisor value in the company (with call time metrics making the other ½). Surveys are filled by Customers, who sometimes use the surveys to evaluate other to vent about factors besides the Advisor's service. Surveys are not 'weighted', meaning that a 'neutral' survey counts against an Advisor. - Persistent internal system issues, internal system software is persistently glitchy, causing Advisor and Customer frustration. - Management not helpful, Manager's job is to report to upper management, and take orders from upper management, to push Advisors to be quicker with calls, etc... focus on call 'metrics'. Some management give helpful advice, others only stress that the Advisor focus on improving their metrics. - Upper management disassociated from Staff, Upper management seems to like to experiment with staff by moving them around between Managers, not allowing them to get comfortable or have esteem in any specific team.
Lack of true growth. There's no way to grow outside of your current department. The deeper you get in the company, the more you noticed how jaded your fellow colleagues become.
Lack of communication, disinterest from management
It can be monotonous in between product launches. It's also REALLY hard to get promoted. Most people have to leave, work somewhere else, then come back to get a higher position.
At the retail level the cons are the same as any other retail job. You have irregular scheduling throughout the week which puts a damper on creating any type of consistency. Be prepared to work holidays although Apple does do holiday pay which is great!
High traffic in the store can sometimes be a bit overwhelming but the management does a good job at making sure everyone is ok and staffing well
The hours are long, you don't get weekends off
Demanding hours. Makes it hard to balance work and regular life.
Work life balance is good, but the typical retail schedule sucks.
Overly political and back stabbing and people who only want to deal with "their" people. Legal department has a very structured environment with a closed door policy
Nowhere for talent to go. Highly political, overly HR focused on insignificant issues. Upper management not coordinated or inspiring.
None, the experience has been worthwhile
work-life balance is almost non-existent. Expect to work long hours and/or erratic schedules, especially if you work on a team that deals with the introduction of products. The web tools continually have issues, and there is a mentality of "fix it when we get to it" and not at the long-term. Not much room for career growth, unless you try moving to another group within Apple. Some Apple employees sport free swag, as some get nothing.
It is sucking the life out of me finally, after many years. I've never been in a team here before that tries so hard to destroy their members, but I'm in one now.
Compensation is decent, but the stressful, fast paced environment demands a little bit more than is given. As with any retail, this job can take an emotional and physical toll on your body. Customers expectations of Apple are so high that you need to be absolutely perfect.
volume of customers does not equate to level of pay.
Being asked to work more and more - with less time. Sometimes, instead of helping the standard amount of people an hour, it's 2 to 3 times that.
Messaging is inconstant from day to day, manager to manager, store to store, retail to corporate.
The management was disappointing until the last couple months of my employment when the store leader was replaced.
Often overworked. I'd have 60-80 hour work weeks which could be exhausting. The management wasn't all that great. Often a manager would come in and take over a role in which they had no understanding of how it worked, and no care to learn of how it would work either.
- Retail schedule. - The stores get incredibly busy and are often understaffed. - Job can be stressful, especially during holidays. - Vacation blackout from October to January. - Points system for attendance is flawed. - Terrible work/life balance. - Not much upward mobility.
Working with Asia requires you to essentially work a 1.5x day at a minimum
The hourly pay is good enough, however there is little room for advancement. Poor scheduling and lack of flexibility.
Work politics can be a pain. There is always that one person that drank a little too much of the apple punch. After sometime it just seemed like management was very verbatim over everything as if it was straight from the apple guidelines. Also the pay was not worth all the work. Overbooked queues and understaffed. Meaning more work for the Family Room with no pay increase.
I didnt really like the store managers at my store, they were really mean to me at times
Perks and compensation not at the level of Facebook, Google, etc. The secrecy can make it hard to make friends with coworkers.
The shift bidding can be a bit "unfair" and has disadvantages. Some things are just not taken into consideration. I think the company (leadership) could do a better job at that.
Management is inexperienced and often times difficult to reach. some of the customers in retail.
hard to get raises, too much noise, and people in the stores
Store leadership, this is not just one store, does not understand nor care to understand B2B sales. Rather than meeting halfway the Retail Business Teams are asked to change and adapt to the ways of a retail environment. This normally would not be an issue if it weren't for the extremely high sales goals that were rewarded with not so much as a pat on the back but rather a you did good but were terrible at xyz.
There are no significant reasons I would identify as issues with this company or work environment.
Extremely heavy workload. Job is stressful. Will often work extended hours.
The company needs to help employees with career opportunities
Tough time schedules. political senior management
Still retail hours, but you love each moment...
A lot of politics Not diverse enough, especially in IS&T Hard to move up if you don't have connections Too many crappy consultants that is given work because of former connections with apple badged employees
Working from home can be a bit challenging at first, but once you learn the ins and outs of working from home everything begins to fall into place.
Little room for promotion, even though management claims there is.
Customer service metrics are geared solely on the customer's satisfaction with your service, however, customers leave feedback about Apple services/products, as well as issues regarding connectivity within chat that are outside of your control. Your measurement of success is not based solely on your performance in rectifying an issue or providing accurate knowledge. Your measurement of success is not based solely on your demeanor and handling of the customer. As a result metrics are skewed and regardless, you are held accountable for performance of these metrics.  Additionally, management seems to be lead to or trained to make you believe that all accountability for metrics is based solely on your performance. I have worked with Apple for two years, plus now and simply cannot understand this method. Management will use scare tactics to make you believe that your job security is at risk while stats are low, even if all dissatisfied surveys are based only on the disconnection of the chat before you even get to speak with the customer which is out of your hands, ultimately.  Management is also untrained in the use of Apple products, and doesn't seem to have any positioning statements or training that help you to improve your performance.  At the end of the day, I have been ultimately dissatisfied with my experience in this position and I'm actively looking for a position elsewhere. I've seen a lot of turn over, and as just an example, my entire team has changed during my stay at AppleCare.  I have tried to apply for other positions which I am more than qualified for several times, but never get a response.
Management misleads employees about bonuses. They do get them even though they try to pretend they don't, that leads management to relentlessly push certain objectives under the guise of customer satisfaction, but it's really to earn their bonuses. Completely transparency about those bonuses would be better in the long run.
• Upper management is close minded • Employees are under valued • Company is one sided when reporting misconduct from Management (sides with management) • Doesn't matter how long you've worked there, everyone's expendable • Long hours
Zero work life balance. Individual divisions were too isolated from each other even when there were similar job duties and no confidential information involved.
Management, management behavior, harassment, fake concern, pay is not high enough for the standard of living, health benefits are not as great as they can be especially for part timers, must have another job in order to make ends meet due to cutting hours at a whim.
Large Campus Hard to find your way around Can be long hours
Extremely fast paced, and still retail at the end of the day. You will have goals to meet, most of your day will be spent on your feet, hours can be long and tiring. Shake ups in leadership, more recently, have resulted in a dip in company culture.
this place has low low pay
- Maintain work/life balance - General retail work schedule
Peers often get jealous of you when you're doing well it felt very high school like. Work-life balance goes out the window during holiday season.
You will have to resolve customer issues in 10 minutes or less. You are also require to sale Applecare Protection Plan's and Service Agreements to Out of Warranty customers. Zero Work-Life Balance, Hectic Schedule, High turnover rate due to people accepting terrible pay. Your work schedule can change the very next morning without warning. Working for Apple isn't what it seems, toxic competitive corporate environment. The pay for new hires gets worse and worse due to the fact that people believe Apple is a dream employer.
Pay is higher that regular but not enough to survive.
Leadership at the store level is vindictive, and has ulterior motives.
the attendance point frustration, leadership isn't always understanding of tardiness
Travel, work culture, generally ops culture is the most terrible, it is better in industrial design and product design - people are friendlier and a bit more grounded in those teams. Ops teams are responsible for costs and that means you are expected to be an animal who would not leave a piece on the floor. If you are a blue sky thinker, creative etc - ops is not for you.
Difficulty finding a work life balance.
Scheduling conflicts (it is retail after all), work-life balance depending on the demand of your store. You could come across some bad customer interactions. Don't take these to heart though. Everything is okay again once that transaction is over :)
None, no stress no strain, great team atmosphere
--All about the metrics, they say that the numbers aren't important while you're in training, but once you go live all the focus is on the numbers, surveys, etc. --Required to work at least one weekend day for AHA part time position, which is hard with kids in the house
The hours are terrible and all over the place. The full time opportunities are rare and when they come, the only go to the favorites of the managers. There is avid favouritism there, I was told that it didn't matter how hard you worked that you needed to suck up to the managers to get ahead. If your trying to make living, look elsewhere especially if your trying to built a career since they work you to the bone and they want to work you harder when your part time since they try to call you in for any hours that their favorites call out. If your new, be prepared to be stepped on, your basically the person that everyone will throw horrible customers and give you the grunt work until you pass your probationary period and not comsideree new anymore so your expected to throw someone else under the bus. They lie to you and tell you that you can built a career and they will help you to achieve your goals in the store, but whatever job you start with, you tend to be struck with since new job openings tend to go externally and internal promotions are hard to come by especially when your hardworking since it seems they rather have those people on a lease and call by basis. Be prepared to watch your punch in and punch out hours since you'll find people abusing the system a snack they get away with it, if they are friend with the manager. I think the experience at Apple differs with the manager that your struck with, while some managers will have your back and guide you to where you want to go in store, while others will treat you like garbage and give you excuses when you want to apply for other positions I store and if you need to transfer to be closer to home. Remember the customer is always right since they are the ones, that are put ahead of you, if you ever treated like crap by a customer, be prepared to get some lecture by manager regardless of the fact that the customer treated you like crap.
Lack of promotions. A common theme is to higher managers from outside stores (Target for example) and make them managers here as opposed to promoting geniuses who have worked for the company for 8 years.
Not enough innovation. Management sometimes pushes too hard.
The main con is the work-life balance and the schedules everyone gets. Apple is heading in a direction I don't like when it comes to employee work-life balance. Also, your success at Apple depends heavily on if you have a good or bad manager in your corner.
Most of the "promotions" given are just lateral moves with different job titles. There is not really much opportunity for promotions.
The hours are terrible and all over the place. The full time opportunities are rare and when they come, the only go to the favorites of the managers. There is avid favouritism there, I was told that it didn't matter how hard you worked that you needed to suck up to the managers to get ahead. If your trying to make living, look elsewhere especially if your trying to built a career since they work you to the bone and they want to work you harder when your part time since they try to call you in for any hours that their favorites call out. If your new, be prepared to be stepped on, your basically the person that everyone will throw horrible customers and give you the grunt work until you pass your probationary period and not comsideree new anymore so your expected to throw someone else under the bus. They lie to you and tell you that you can built a career and they will help you to achieve your goals in the store, but whatever job you start with, you tend to be struck with since new job openings tend to go externally and internal promotions are hard to come by especially when your hardworking since it seems they rather have those people on a lease and call by basis. Be prepared to watch your punch in and punch out hours since you'll find people abusing the system a snack they get away with it, if they are friend with the manager. I think the experience at Apple differs with the manager that your struck with, while some managers will have your back and guide you to where you want to go in store, while others will treat you like garbage and give you excuses when you want to apply for other positions I store and if you need to transfer to be closer to home. Remember the customer is always right since they are the ones, that are put ahead of you, if you ever treated like crap by a customer, be prepared to get some lecture by manager regardless of the fact that the customer treated you like crap.
Work from home, little interaction with coworkers (this is also sometimes a pro)
Your average retail woes. Serious "glass ceiling". Need more career focused opportunities on the retail side. Too hard to make the switch to corporate.
They took away sabbaticals and weekly beer bust.
May have to work holidays and late on some evenings. But, you just have to do what it takes to get your work done.
-The hiring process takes a while and can lead to an awkward gap between jobs if you don't currently have one (but is completely worth it)
Not enough lead time for secret projects
You get all these skills and develop a lot, but there is no room for growth. The glass ceiling is very short, and it get very frustrating for everyone. They will rather higher external managers than promote within, the employees notice this but upper management has no clue.
Sometimes movement upwards can be difficult.
If you are not a manager, or working on iOS, you will almost certainly work in a cubicle in boring office space.  Everybody is perpetually on-call. Your boss will call you at 8-9PM on a Friday night to ask you a question. You will be expected to work some Saturdays/Sundays even if there's no production reason. The pain of this is slightly mitigated by the fact that you know that your boss's boss is doing the same to your boss. Sometimes it feels like you're being tested.  Bonuses are a big part of compensation, and it is easy for a manager to hide subjectivity in your performance review which potentially means getting paid a lot less for being liked less. Perks are minimal for the tech industry these days but fit with the "no-nonsense" budget attitude, and I didn't have such a problem with that.
customer entitlement, very competitive landscape
Personal growth seems limited. They like to hire from outside and not promote from within. The don't like to promote older employees and opt for younger, "hipper" individuals even if they have less experience or skill. It seems the more eccentric you are, the greater the chances you get hired. Compensation is average, with predictable annual increases, even though some locations exceed forecasted revenue. It's a cookie cutter one size fits all award system There are no special financial awards for exceeding goals, etc for the average employee. Christmas bonus has consisted of a sweatshirt the last few years. They want ridiculous availability for scheduling (full time has to have 100% availability for all days the store is open), and they will push part time to full time hours during holiday to avoid over time for full time employees. This basically eliminates a work-life balance. There is a high burn out rate. Someone there one year is a seasoned veteran! Time off availability is a bit variable. During training, there are certain values they speak of that they want practiced by the employees toward the customer and each other, but they do not practice those values toward the employees themselves. It has so much promise but falls short.
No real life outside of work. As far as my store specifically went the management only really cared about numbers, they just wanted to be the number one store in the company in different categories. Not a "fun" place to work because you will always feel pressured to hit your metrics. I often felt as if talking to management was like pulling teeth if you weren't one of their favorite people that they were "buddy buddy" with, in other words if you weren't on their list good luck getting help. "assume positive intent" was a phrase always thrown around at employees but also never exercised by management. Resellers often took priority over the average consumer because they buy lots of products and money speaks.
Working in retail sucks no matter how great the company is. There also needs to be better compensation for all of the word employees are required to complete.
There is an expectation bordering on slavish devotion to Apple from managers that is totally unreasonable
AppleCare phone support. Awful job. Micromanaged to the minute, while this is generally the case with call centers, they don't do anything to make it more bearable. Your job consists of "convincing customer's that they are not really dissatisfied with bad policy and technical decisions by Apple."
sometimes customers can be a challenge, sometimes the couture can also be a challenge
constant change political territorial work/life imbalance
Managers would be better if they're homegrown.
More management hired from outside then from within which don't really know the process or products to support there teams
No career growth, co-workers on the sales floor aren't the brightest
The cons of working for this company are many. If you want to have an opinion or idea to be heard then this company is not for you. The company often turns a deaf ear to anyone who is not from the walled gardens at their Cupertino campus. Management will pretend to listen to your ideas but your ideas will actually never reach the top and if they do make it there they will be passed over and be re-introduced at a later time as some one elses. If you are someone who does not want to fit into a cookie cutter mold then this company is not for you. While the company praises it's "unique nature", this is a facade. The company trains you like the military to act, think, and speak like a programmed robot. The company wants everyone to be the same and come from the same cookie cutter. If you are independent stay away from this company at all costs. If you do not live and breath Apple and are not a fan boy do not bother applying. This company does not value diversity in regards to ideas. If you do not think, act, and talk like everyone else this is not the place for you. Apple does not value differences. If you are fat, shot, ugly, or have any other outward awkward attributes that do not fit into their unspoken model, do not apply. The company is riddled with inept systems that are continually breaking down. The communication between executive management, mid level management, and employees is abysmal. I have worked for both sides of Apple (Corporate and Retail). The work life balance is horrible if you are working in the retail environment and if you are working it corporate it depends if your superior likes you or not.
high stress, low compensation, poor management, no trust, very low annual raises, job expectations/requirements change more frequently than it is possible to keep track of, little room for advancement, politics. need i continue? i certainly can. must work most holidays even if it falls on your day off and usually told about it with very short notice and penalized if you're unable to work. shift changes every three months with no control of what you get. keep going? i could say more, but I think you get the point already. oh yeah, horrible work/life balance as you are expected to be completely "flexible" and totally rearrange your life at every whim of the company in the name of "change"- which would be more appropriately called "control".
No work/ life balance, bad hours, bad customers.
Promotions are different from conventional promotions. You work towards a new job and then you have to re-interview for the job. I'm a Business Specialist. Pay could be better for the goal we have to work towards weekly. Training for my field is non-existing.
Too many hours each work week
Great retail job but at the end of the day its still retail. opportunity for growth not great.
Retail can be tough even though working here may feel a little different. Yearly pay increase could be better.
Hard to move us as part time They over hire too many and then cut hours drastically when slow.
low pay for roles outside of sales. this is my only compliant.
None that come to mind.
Shift bids, no room for advancement
Hard to move up or move into a corporate role. Many people in retail corporate started in the store, but only a few make it to the top. Also, a few managers who were unprofessional and hard to work for...but that will happen anywhere.
The development/growth opportunities are very lacking, convoluted, and far between. Speaking to a recruiter or another group is near impossible. More often than not, new positions are given to people that have been in their previous organization the longest as opposed to who deserves it the most.
No work life balance, office politics
No life.  Apple is your life. The high expectations around both output & quality will drive you to do excellent work, but your life will suffer. Add to this the insane hours commuting and you can bid your fun times farewell.  After a few years of this grind, you may expect to be promoted. Forget about that. You may be able to move up the pay scale, but an actual promotion is a unicorn among cattle.
Management not on the same page, few opportunities for growth to corporate, promotions within the store are incredibly competitive, no consistent schedule,
Dealing with angry customers is extremely difficult to deal with at times especially during the holiday times. Other than that it's fun to work here.
Quick changes - must adapt to any situation.
Must work extremely hard for advancement, not excluding leader shopping.
Constant crush of customers -- this store is always busy.
Inability to move upwards. Pay for what you do. Over privileged under motivated customers
Retail is retail no matter how you look at it. Some stores more than others have politic games you have to play to move in any direction. Typically if you want to be a manager, you have to leave then come back. Apple hires externally for management despite the talent it has groomed.
Retail hours are no fun.
work-life balance can be difficult.
If you don't like smiling, enjoying your job, and being given the tools and encouragement to succeed, this isn't the job for you.
Not enough room for development.
Lots of buzz words that management throws out but doesn't act on sometimes but its not terrible.
The pay is good up until you need to move up the ladder. There isn't much of a pay raise.
Fast past work environment Less hours if your part time Performance sometime based on customer feelings Learning other Job roles
Work life balance is non-existent and there is something of a clash between the old Apple and the new. With such explosive growth comes a whole bunch of issues that make things more challenging than they should be. It is a very political environment.
Pay is well below average for my area. Also a fake atmosphere and sense of all employees being so Happy all the time, when in reality they are not happy at all about there job. Apple says treat our Customers the way you would want to me treated. The same goes the other way, "Treat your Employees the way you would want to be treated" !!
Working from home requires dedication and focus. Its very easy to become distracted. Also while your taking calls your manager is not sitting right next to you. You need to imagine that he or she was.
Not really a lot of upward growth unless you want to be a Manager. Depends on the store but our leadership wasn't great and it didn't seem to matter who higher up we gave feedback to about them. Not allowing any sort of set schedule is really hard for work-life balance and unfair, no matter how they spin it.
retail culture and bad politics
to many management changes like 7 in 11 months and never has consistent policies for business conduct just a pdf file that says this is what you can do.
The customers. If there is a problem with the product many come in with a sense of entitlement and become unreasonable. Sometimes just plain rude. No complaints internally.
Treat valuable employee with no respect, They promote according to popularity not credentials, They try to create reasons to fire employees that have been with a company a long time but they do not want to promote. I knew a few employee who were overly qualified to work at an apple store and worked their for years praying they would get a promotion in the end they were terminate for silly reasons, However they promote people that had no working knowledge of computers and had been in the store less time. Oh and they talk about this thing called "fearless feed back", however, don't get it twist.. if you decide that you need to talk to your manager about something important and need help you will get burned for it. The store in the falls in notorious for firing the smartest people and keeping the dumbest ones because they are drones. The employees that make it are the ones that aren't going to school and will work retail till they are 60. Oh and they just recently started giving part-timers insurance benefits. I knew better then to stay at this company working for peanuts and also having an easy-pay that would constantly fall apart when I was trying to ring up a customer.
It's all in the eye of beholder: talk to any current or former Apple employees and they will say the same thing, which is that there is very little work/life balance, yet they love and are inspired by what they work on. Travel is frequent.
2008 saw a culture shift. From nerds and geeks to bro's and kids. Was no longer the retail job that felt like a career path, it became just another retail job. Top talent moved on or was pushed out the door.
Pay was good but not for the lifestyle I want to live. Call center environment but at home so that can be good or bad depending on your lifestyle
Attendance policy is very strict. Pay scale could co inside with cost of living or increases and bonuses could be better.
Sometimes, not often, short of staff. This puts pressure on the rest of the employees to multitask. Very difficult when the store is crowded with customers.
Retail environment is fast paced and stressful with little work-life balance, schedules can be all over the place and seldom weekends off.
Working every weekend, work life balance is a miss
can get mundane management isnt always the best
- Employees are allowed way too much creative license (sometimes can be wacky/unprofessional with customers and do not get in trouble for it) - Getting a promotion to another position/or full time work is definitely possible, but extremely time consuming, mostly based on how long you have been there, not necessarily how good you are at your job, many people worked there 2-3 years just to get full time for a basic specialist position - Part time hours not nearly enough to live off of unless you are 30 or under, unless you can live very cheap - Managers are hit and miss, some were the greatest in retail, some were dull and had a BestBuy type mentality - Flawed NPS system (This is how you are evaluated) - A handful of employees are "cultish", and believe that no other company can offer a better job/if you leave apple you are nuts/etc - About 5% of employees were very lazy/never do there job, management would never say anything, since these people knew they could not get fired
poor location nothing and just a good company
Compensation not in line with cost of living. Few opportunities for advancement. Treated differently than in house employees. Leadership can seem uncommunicative and non-responsive to problems. Lack of ability to adjust for demand.
Not too many opportunities to grow within or beyond the store.
Retail hours, managers are impossible to work with, little to no growth in the retail store. Can get burnt out if you work full time, repetitive.
Sometimes it is hard working from home. No co workers to take breaks with. Less room for growth unless near major apple center.
The schedules change every six months and if you need to have a consistent schedule because of children it can sometimes be very difficult to keep adapting to your new schedule.
Horrible pay, poor retail management, and structure. NO career opportunities to advance.
Pay is mediocre and scheduling can be demanding. The points system is at best flawed and management makes all the difference.
The only cons were during my last several months with the company. Certain managers left, and the senior managers that remained didn't really belong in a company whose credo starts with "Our most important resource, our soul, is our people." It started becoming a very "transactional" environment, where statistics and metrics became more important than what we were doing or accomplishing. People were promoted that didn't deserve a promotion, while people that did were given nonsensical reasons for being passed over. It became quickly apparent that leadership already knew who they wanted before the interviews began, so there was little reason to even try unless you were one of the "chosen." It makes it impossible to progress in the company unless you're willing to drink the kool-aid to the degree that you alienate your peers because you take on the bad leadership traits of existing management.
A lot of intense A-type personalities make it a very stressful work environment. Working weekends. No free lunch (literally).
No career advancement, no work/life balance
There is little to no room for upward mobility. You do not get acknowledged or increased pay for performance. Politics is everything in this environment and mostly you are given the run around if you want to move into management and eventually corporate. Apple has everything in place to be a top company in the world but their technology is for show and not to support their existing employees. They would rather bring someone from the outside in, rather than reward hard working employees who are passionate about their products. I have witnessed so many talented, educated, highly-skilled people come and go only to watch people put in leadership roles that lack the ability to chew gum and walk simultaneously.
-You have to be on top of your sales, especially on selling Apple Care and taking care of business sales. -Dealing with a few customers daily, but that's given when working anywhere in retail.
Not much room to grow in retail and the compensation is not great compared to the amount of sales.
For some growing can be rather difficult. And after being shot down many times employees end up calling it quits. It's disheartening to see other coworkers be led on to think they might be going somewhere only to find out it was a short lived experience and they wind back up where they began and resentful.
Difficult to move up in the company as everybody is seen as replaceable. That's what happens when you work for the most admired company in the word.
Overall I am satisfied with my time at Apple.
The pay is less than normal for all the goals we have to complete. We have to make sure we sell the AppleCare Protection Plan to at least 3 customers out of 100, must maintain customer satisfaction goal of 80% (hard to do if customer gives a bad review for something you can't control).  For instance, if a customer calls in since their brand new computer is broken and you refer to the store to get it fixed, they can give you a negative survey which in turns makes your stats come down. Now management wants you to explain why they didn't approve of your service, etc., even though the calls are recorded.  They implemented a new call strategy called H2H. It entails me asking the customer permission to ask them questions (why do I have to ask them for permission if they are calling for help?), empathize with the customer (never enough empathy on your weekly reviews per manager), determine the customer's state of mind and talk to them dependant upon their personality. I must align myself with the customer (never do it since I have no idea what I am actually doing), assure the customer their issue will be resolved and make sure to clarify their resolution.  You have to make sure you solve at least 70% of customer issues (hard to do when the computer needs physical work done at the store), maintain a customer satisfaction goal of 80% (also hard to do when you get bad surveys because a customer was out of warranty and didn't want to pay for support $19), you also must make sure your calls are around 14.5 minutes long (too short, you're in trouble, too long, you're in trouble).  Dont expect to have a life. Mandatory OT for Christmas and other holidays. Also when there is a new product release. Good luck having a vacation during holiday time.  While on the phone you get a call around every 8 seconds so it's hard to take a breather. You must type notes while talking to the customer so you can make sure to take another call. If you don't hustle between calls you know what happens, another chewing out by your manager.  To top it all off you have 3 exams to take that you must pass or get fired. It's 8 hours a day training for 4 weeks. If you miss a day of training for any reason, you are fired. You do 4 hours a day of instructor led training and 4 hours just reading your own materials. If you don't read you won't pass and you will get fired. 5 people from my team didn't make it.  Lastly, don't expect to advance quickly. Most managers are promoted at an average around 4 years. The bad thing is they will give a regular employee backfill (manager perks but no additional pay) to help the managers out. The backfill will review calls and critique your work and do the managers work. Most people never make it to manager even while backfilling. A guy on our team has been backfilling for over 2 years. They make it seem once you backfill the manager position opens for you. But that's a lie. They do a lot of external hiring for managers instead of inside. Last hiring spree they hired 4 external hires for manager and only 2 internal. My manager has no idea how to do my job since he was hired externally. He can't give me advice or pointers since he doesn't know.  I am in the process of looking for other employment opportunities. But I will be replaced with the tap of a keyboard since most of my team has quit since starting. But that's the way it is here.
Retail work hours are what they are. Don't expect to have anything close to a 'regular daily routine' ever again. Higher pay would be nice.
strictly attendance policy not flexible to anyone who isn't salary based.
You have to be really good with your time management. Super fast paced.
Very very structured, cutthroat requirements for lower ranking positions
The customers expect a lot more (not to mention the impossible) from us. Sometimes we can't deliver on requests, and end up getting verbally assaulted. It comes with retail I suppose.
Retail environment: lots of micromanaging, cult-ish feel where things are constantly hammered by several different managers, night/weekend schedules with no holidays off, sticklers on clocking in and out (if you get 3 warnings you're fired no-matter-what). Difficult to be promoted, lots of competition. Terrible pay but good for retail.
Lack of a regular schedule - its retail after all. Opportunities for growth are available if you look hard.
The expectations of delivering a phenomenal experience while providing you with less and less time to work with customers. The pay has gotten lower and lower as apple Growth has increased over the past years.
Old tools and processes, Work-Lifr Balance is very poor. Consultants, QA and Site Ops are blamed for everything that goes wrong with product. Upper management does not understand modern approaches (Scrum/Agile, Continues Integration, Continues Deployment, etc). People get yelled when production issues are found and blames usually flows downhill until the next scape goat is found and dealt with.  There is no learning from previous mistakes, so the cycle will repeat itself again and again. If you really know your job and willing to share how to improve things - do not join Apple. You expirience is not welcomed there and your proposals will not be heard or implemented. Apple expects everyone to comply and mold. Many people there work for years and completely missed modern advance in technology and processes.
Lacks trust and authenticity. It's about EXTERNAL image. The products are great, but internally individuals don't have value.
Although it's Apple, Apple Retail is still retail with career retail managers running the ship...The experience as an Apple employee really depends on your manager. If you have a narcissistic manager, your life will suck. Apple Retail attracts many college educated employees that have goals of advancing to corporate. This rarely happens...Apple Retail is the farm team for the "Big Leaguers" in Cupertino.
Lots of changes and very little training. Salary is very low compared to other companies and seems like that new employees that are being hired are starting with higher salary than employees that are in the company for years. Very hard to get promoted. The Austin campus is growing a lot and they are hiring more new employees than promoting from within.
Lack of progress hard to climb the ladder
Being bombarded by everyone you know, asking when the next iDevice is coming out.
The location wasn't as good as it could be.
Inconsistent schedules, customer interactions, lack of advancement opportunities
Apple does not hire many quality managers anymore, they are becoming much more numbers and revenue focused, and less concerned with employee experience. I was at the company for several years before, and several years after. Two different companies.
No stright path, need to play the game.
Management has no consistency. Long hours, not much flexibility when it comes to scheduling.
Managers behaving like children. A senior manager being hired with a prior felony check fraud conviction with time served. Managers having favorites and utilizing bad politics to promote team members. Extreme lack of concern for overall well-being of team.
You're always on your feet because there is never any slow time and customers are always in a hurry to get out of the crowded store.
Management is totally disorganized, no communication from the higher-ups. Being the highly matured and polished brand that it is, you would fully suspect that it's online channel and support team would have a more structured agenda and not base it's lackluster decisions on reactionary measures. If you like being involved and in the loop and have a professional go-getter personality with your sites set on growing within a firm, this is not the job for you. In other words, good entry-level position, poor and humiliatingly frustrating dead-end, here-today, gone-tomorrow sort of non-career.
Very little work-life balance, arrogant executives, having to decide between living in the South Bay or commuting from San Francisco, difficult to move up in certain departments, very uninvolved and unhelpful Human Resources department.
Selling pressure. To intense of an attendance policy.
Poor quality IT systems that regularly go down, making it hard to provide the best support to customers. Lot's of micro-management. Crazy rules for schedule bids.
-Some of the worst customers to deal with if you're on the technician team -Salesmen are pressured to keep numbers up despite not making commission which leads to misleading information that can make the company look bad -Senior Management -Hard to land a job - but once you're in, you're in
It's pretty corporate as far as the the attitude goes. You have to be behind apple 110% no questions asked. A cornerstone of the company is to be okay with ambiguity, which can be hard if you are a critical thinker that needs to know the "why"
They pay their employees way to little
Fake leadership, false hopes, low to know consideration for employees.
Career growth opps are beginning to feel restricted. Makes for more of a cut throat culture rather than a collaborative one.  Sense of murky vision only adds to the uncertainty. Tim Cook is a great individual but doesn't communicate vision or inspire. This leaves a feeling of a ship with many ships pulling in many different ways. This has opened up great room for competitors and nimble startups to encroach on the forward position Apple is renown to hold.  Nothing seems genuinely new or crafted to truly be transformative for the customer. Just iterative.  It was a good run...
None to think of currently
You might get too comfortable
Can be emotionally taxing to deal with distraught people for the majority of the day. You may begin to lack empathy for elderly people. The hours can be insane sometimes. If you work at a contracted office the benefits are more likely to be sparse and the management abysmal.
Too big, too compartmentalized for it's own good. Losing culture and commitment to values. Accountability and absolute dedication to perfection has declined and focus not there. Not able to recognize and doesn't focus on talent within, hires ignorant and lacking management who focus on managing and not truly accomplishing anything when this is what it's to supervise already capable individuals.
inner turmoil in some stores, managers accused of thing they hadn't done, some managers unfortunately working the system though, and not getting in trouble for the wrongs they HAD done. Too many managers letting the "power trip" go to their heads, too many issues becoming HR issues.
when i tried to transfer store to the providence place mall they just gave me an extremely hard time. it was very aggravating because i did not do anything to lose my job. they just did not like me for some odd reason. overall my worst experience about apple was practicaly begging for my job even though i already had a job. they people that stripped me of my job over at providence place mall should be fired because they had no reason to do so.
Retail hours, not the best pay, work weekends
No much work life balance, salary & bonus is not that competitive if you are not in core r&d or sales & marketing
Politics, stagnant, small opportunity for promotion other than within retail environment, underpaid for amount of revenue generated by employees.
every minute of every workday accounted for, even going to the bathroom, digital police, no room for advancement, pay is ok at best
The commute, not being able to work from home
No work life balance at all, everyone seemed and treated as a disposable resource, crazy work hours, etc.
The friendly family culture morphed into something more cold and corporate as the company made more money and started to be accepted commercially.
Pay is not on par.
Opportunities for growth, hard to get into corporate
Very very boring Strict schedule The work wasn't difficult but eventually it becomes too tedious and repetitive
What store you're in makes all the difference on how its run. The store leader was rude and could care less about you. The longer you stayed the more of a jerk you could be to others was basically my stores overall theme.
low pay depending the job you are working on.
management treat people by the book, too much micromanagement, management plays too much mind games, very political environment.
moving from sales to tech support still requires you to be able to meet sales goals even though selling is not part of your job in a tech support role. Management can be inconsistent.
Metrics, no technical training - all focused on soft skills. Boring.
Overworked, no work life balance, treated like we're expendable, management cares more about getting their bonuses than looking out for their employees, policies have changed to reflect that quantity is more important than quality but we get in trouble if we can't meet numbers and also keep quality high.  In regards to whether I'd recommend someone work in Apple Retail...: If you watched a guy on the Titanic trying to convince a passing sailor to climb aboard after the cruise liner had already hit the iceberg, you'd wonder why he would do that when the sailor's vessel was comfortable and in a much better state. Even if that sailor was well qualified to help on the cruise liner, you wouldn't try to convince them that life would be better on a sinking ship. Obviously, the better choice would be to jump ship and see if that sailor could get you aboard their vessel. Some of the more passionate of us stay with the ship because of our love for what we do (think of the musicians that went down with the ship in the movie) but it's depressing and frustrating nonetheless. In our store, our management team is that jerk that keeps people from getting on the lifeboats or pushes people overboard if they get in the way. This is how I see our store.
Little advancement. Hard to see where you can go higher unless you are in management. Not much feedback to help you find that advancement.
Difficult to learn for new college grad
Work-life balance worse than most
Low pay. Terrible hours. Awful managers. No room for growth or advancement. All promotions are handled externally. No support from management team.
promotions are solely based on likability and friendships - if you are not in cahoots with management then forget thinking about getting a promotion. Talented people are leaving left and right because of mismanagement.
Lots of pressure to deliver made for a lot of 10+ hour days. I was up working on things after midnight way too often. Self-directed While there were opportunities for professional development, they were hard to take advantage of since we were constantly overloaded. Many of my team weren't just checking email on weekends, but doing a lot of work on Saturdays and Sundays, so I eventually was as well. Being self guided is tiring and can be stressful. The level use of contractors was really disturbing and their lack of investment in what they were working on showed in the end results. Pay wasn't up to industry standards. At all. The internal organization that develops software/infrastructure for the rest of the company is completely parasitic. Most people really dislike working with them, they were slow to respond, bureaucratic, rarely delivered the solution that was requested, and pushed back when requesting things. Some of the IT infrastructure is shockingly disorganized (though getting better). In Austin there's a lot of career growth limits since there's sales, support, finance, and little else. Easy to get a little lost in such a giant company.
This particular location was a good distance from my home, so I spent a lot on gas in comparison to the $8/hr I was earning at the time. Otherwise, I might still be there.
freakishly secretive, lord our god, blue
As with all retail jobs - you will eventually get burned out. My biggest issue with this job is not with the company itself, but with how a lot of people that come into the stores treat the retail employees. My advice for those looking to work at the Genius Bar? Have a thick skin.
Personal growth is promised and never given.
Dealing with absolutely terrible and misinformed customers. If you work full-time your schedule will be different every week and you will work many close-open shifts which make it difficult to do anything outside work.
What has kept me at the company as long as I have been there is certainly the 401k, ESPP, Health Benefits, and Personal Development. What keeps me wanting to find other employment is the retail schedule and the wages. Coming out of college the wages are probably the best there are out there for someone with little to no experience. Sustaining a family and making it a life long career is just not possible for the majority of people unless they can mange to move their way into management and that is no small feat when you are surrounded by incredibly talented and driven people.
-Experiences vary (depends on department, team, role, manager, location) -TONS of red-tape (see reviews written by engineers at HQ using agile) -Over-zealous job requisitions, sometimes seeking experience that half the employees do not possess -Promotions often come from favoritism/nepotism and not performance -Current organizational structure breeds an environment of paranoia and secrecy -Contractors and vendors treated poorly (they aren't considered human beings) -Certain managers care more about their own stock portfolios than Apple's *This leads to being forced to use external tools that are far below the threshold of industry standards -"Drinking the Kool-aid" means adhering to secret rules -General lack of freedom -Compensation below industry standards (even with a degree or two) -Local community involvement is nonexistent *Samsung, AMD, Google, and other major industry names market/sponsor events in local markets where campuses are located
Because Apple is a large corporation, my job was very task based and only focused on a small part of the production cycle. Teams are segmented and there is little communication about what other people are working on.
Keep an eye on your schedule, you're on and off times never change but meetings and training are changing all the time
For a company that has so much money, Apple gets cheap when handling its employees. OT always seems to be a problem even when its completely necessary. Transferring within the company is not an easy task either, it usually takes months for management to get the ball rolling unless you are on their case 24/7. Being rehired into the company after you leave is also an impossible task, you would think with the experience and knowledge it would be worthwhile to hire someone who has the experience.
Store was open for 24 hours, which was rough ... some seriously crazy hours.
No work life balance. Favoritism was an issue that was never addressed. People not being accountable for their actions and performance made it frustrating. Although there are several talented and intelligent ppl, there was equally lazy idiots that should have never been hired and deserve to be fired that still work there. I would never wish bad on anyone, so I will say I hope the culture changes for the better.
Not good pay or hours if you have a family. If you are a single, college student then its perfect. IT turns into groundhogs day. Its the same crap day in and day out. Old people forgot their Apple ID passwords, angry 20-30 somethings freaking out that their Mac or iPhone died and of course they never back up and its your fault. Hard to become a manager unless you put in 12-15 hr shifts for months on end and even then they will probably hire some jag weed from Starbucks, Target or Best Buy.
Management is on top of employee attendance and adherence to schedules and breaks. There is little room for growth and development at flagship locations due to the fast-paced and high demand environment. Poor attendance policy for being in such a metropolitan area. Difficult work-life balance, because it is retail and little prep time is given for product launches
Can be very hectic be prepared for anything.
Hugely political, poor management, poor work life balance
Working at a mall has its downsides, and customers can be awful. After a while it can be hard to keep up enthusiasm and positivity.
No development career growth. If you wanted to seek advice for career growth it was very hard to identify the necessary steps. Programs were in place but management was not always supportive of it.
talk to other people while we are working.
Terrible company that works their employees like slaves, only concern with profits rather than true innovation. Apple should be a victim of more cyber-attacks.
You are on your feet. Hard to advance in the company. You work with unhappy customers at times.
When I worked there we were not able to access peoples computers so sometimes it made my job more difficult especially when I had a user who was not very savvy. They were working on this, but were worried about the liability. Most company's use this tool to fix your computer as standard operating procedures. Not able to choose how long you wanted to take for lunch. Other call centers will let you choose how long you want to take for lunch and let you adjust your time every week.
I worked in AppleCare and multiple times a day there would be customers who had absolutely zero respect. They would call and be impatient, because they were put on hold before the call ever go to me. Then those customers may get sent a survey and take out all of their frustrations on you, screwing up your metrics.
Occasionally run into the large-company type problems, can make it hard to get anything accomplished. The love to promote from within, but they pretty much peg these people from the beginning of their time with the company, and if you decide after a while you want to do something else in-store or move up, it can be a little hard to convince people you are more than just one-note.
work life balance is key to employee
Part time employees have little to no benefits. Health care is about it. Job is really demanding for the pay.
I think sometimes they do get beside themselves because they have so many people that comes in!
It's retail, so be prepared to work weekends, nights and holidays. Working face-to-face with customers that do not want to learn how to use the incredible technology they get with Apple products can, at times, be frustrating. In addition to the diverse group of people who are, generally, very pleasant, be prepared to deal with Apple haters, rumor mongers and those who would , frankly, be better served to buy a flip-phone.
Tyrannical leadership, work life balance gets destroyed quickly. You are super tired at the end of the day, but the insult comes when your leadership fails to acknowledge the hard work you and your team put in. They are obsessed with sales objectives and often lose sight of the general good of the store
Compensation, work-life balance, company culture, accommodations are horrible
work-life balance, high demanding environment,high performance
Large grow of co-workers makes implementing small changes more difficult limited tools to perform our jobs, so we must rely on others to maintain our tools as a team. The customers are extremely rude and disrespectful very frequently.
There's no roadmap, no guarantees. (not the cooperate kind, the typical "professional" kind) Then again, rarely are things worth the effort if there is a roadmap.
Employees that don't try as hard and then blame the company or the leadership for their short fallings and unhappiness.
Cons non so far maybe the scheduling perhaps,
Work life balance may be a bit tricky, people work their butts off here and surprisingly, at least for me, I don't ever mind stay a few hours late, because I am treated well and can't go 10 feet without running into something incredible.
There are limiting career paths. It will require you to transfer to obtain higher positions. There are to many instances of abuse of power and no reasons given behind changes
Weekends are required. Hard to move past retail level.
Depending on your store, management is different. One store I worked at there were favorites picked, people not always deserving of positions moved up. Another store I worked at gives everyone the chances they want if they are willing to earn it.
Favoritism is persistent, no real chance of moving up, always hiring external managers
Full time employees are not allowed to have any sort of set schedule in any way, can not even request a specific day off consistently without kickback. Leadership is passive aggressive and misleading. They will not give you real feedback or a timeline for growth. If you are not a genius, you are technically certified and not being paid well. They push you to pursue "Apple quality" customer service, but are unwilling to pay you for the level of exhaustion you reach from a consistently overbooked, never-ending, NYC genius bar queue. Those receiving genius promotions are even being paid less than they used to be. It's a bummer.
Very intense, high burn out rate, terrible management
The company lower managers don't care about work balance with personal life especially if you are suffering with any type if disability. They will not accommodate flexibility with work schedule and still expect 60 - 70 hours of extreme work pressure. They have no apathy and will fire you even if you go on medical leave. Not a place for those who have any empairments.
Not much except for having to deal with lots of people just messing around.
very demanding schedule. Hire at will agreement.
managers can be unorganized full time must be available 7 days a week with no preferred day off.
Lack of challenge. Difficult to move up without impacting your personal life. No real innovation.
The same as any customer service job. People who you are trying to help will be super mean.
So busy that it becomes chaotic at points and becomes hard to hear yourself think as the stores can become so loud and after some time the job becomes repetitive as most of the products sell themselves and the time span for new products to come out is extremely long.
Had to hit sales goals, didn't like when I took risks. Didn't want to pay employees more money, try to stifle raises. Very little room for growth to the next level
wish we got commission
Get yell at everyday by crazy customers. Request time off are tricky.You use old iPads and iPods touch that runs very slow. Store gets too crazy over crowded.
The retail side is struggling from a talent perspective. Higher level leaders are too comfortable with their financial standing, the level of their engagement has decreased
Horrible pay considering Apple is the most profitable company on the face of the planet these days.
Hard to move up in the company, high degree of turnover
Work-life balance and depending on who the leadership team is for the store - personal growth maintaining time can be a problem.  Also, working for and with people in the customer service industry can be difficult in general.
My particular team is unable to choose their work schedule. Customer service can be a bit tedious at times. Advisors across multiple teams are not always on the same page when presenting an appropriate resolution to our customers.
Not many opportunities to move up. Have to work holidays and weekends.
Hired as part-time initially, had to work for at least 9-12 months to be consider for advancement to full-time so that was probably one of the biggest cons. Pay is moderate to moderate-high. I think the pay should be a little more for the amount of work and hours put in. Otherwise working for the company was a blast and enjoyed every minute of it.
Retail is always retail, so the hours are never going to be as favorable as a 8-5 office job, and it definitely has it's disadvantages when discussing compensation when trying to take care of an entire family, but that is it on a retail level, and the opportunities to branch into corporate are the answer to that.
Can be stressful with high volumes of customers.
I haven't found any yet.
Technically a person should be good in her/his field to succeed.
They overwork you. Pretty much they test to see how much they can get away with and have you work in every department while trying to keep your title the same. To them, its called "being resourceful". To my fellow employees, it's called not promoting us. There is favoritism in retail, so just make sure you are in that group if you want to get anywhere.
It's retail, so work/life balance are hard. It's easy to feel as if you're not paid enough when the stores get beyond busy, which is often :)
When being promoted from within, you WILL NOT get paid as much as someone being hired from outside the company. Not even close. This is how they save money... Also, you will never receive a substantial pay increase. Just don't expect it. Apple "promotes" people into new positions they create so that they don't have to hire someone else above that pay grade to do the job. For example: An Apple Genius is the tech that troubleshoots and fixes your stuff at the Genius Bar. An Apple Creative is the trainer that is very knowledgeable about software, who teaches you how to use your computer when you have a One-to-One membership. They both get paid much more than Specialists (salespeople). Apple invented the position "Family Room Specialist" to do a little of both of the Genius and Creative roles' jobs. They have to train for it, bust their butts to prove themselves, interview, etc. But after given the "promotion", they receive no pay increase. Thus, Apple now doesn't have to hire any more higher-paid Genii or Creatives. Another con? Is the con. They will (management) con you into believing that it's ok to be up front with them, and you can do anything... This is true only if it makes that manager look good. It's all just corporate retail politics. Lastly, you will always, ALWAYS be stressed out, and you will never know your schedule very far in advance.
Takes too long to get promoted. If you don't start at a management position it can take you years to work your way up the ladder.
Hours are way too scattered and inflexible for most, especially during the first year
It's difficult to get into the retail side of Apple. There is a lot of competition. Change is constant, there is no hand-holding.
Not everyone appreciates the solutions we are able to provide.
fast pace, high expectations, and it can be overwhelming but if you are chosen, then you can handle these things.
Atmosphere is fun but you have to be willing to work hard. The stores stay busy and if you don't have the right attitude you may burn out.
It is retail. Retail hours. Customers have unrealistic expectations.
Very poor pay for the expectations (even if your performance is at the top of your team or area) Terrible sick leave policy Required OT during holidays Lack of time for innovation (though it is expected, even at low levels)
work-life balance is abused. Lack of support when dealing with ambiguous situations. inflexible retail hours means no weekends or fridays off.
No bonus for how much we sell No Advancement Apple has seem to forgotten retail
I would have enjoyed my time more if there was more of an opportunity to further my career within the company.
hard to work with staff on campus to get the events to work
Not many to mention. Every now and again management will hire some dispassionate and disinterested people, but those same people usually find their way to some other job shortly after realizing that they don't have the drive to buy-in to a truly impactful vision.
Management is terrible, they only care about themselves, every week something new comes up that they are trying to sell us on. The flavor of the week management style is VERY much the way of life. Customers are self entitled and they speak to you any way they want and get away with it. Team is great if you want to get drunk or get high as that is what the majority of team members do to cope with managers and customers.
the politics of upper management
Work-Life Balance and overwhelming number of customers. After working it can become the same things day in and day out.
Core training went out the window after a few years. The unique values of Apple that at first went into their retail philosophy soon gave way to typical big box mentality. Working at an Apple store may sound cool, but it isn't much different from Best Buy.
I don't have any cons about working here
The only real con is the retail scheduling and hours. Other than that, there are no complaints.
1) Lots of work in tight schedule 2) Not being able to know more higher level info and planning besides your own work scope
Management vision can vary depending upon the location. Advancement within the company can be difficult
No perceivable growth. Apply somewhere else if you are looking to achieve higher milestones
The HR HelpLine job is very demanding. The phones and emails are non-stop and you can rarely catch up. Overtime is readily available. Many want to leave but the benefits are too good to give up. The shifts rotate and range from a start of approximately 7:30AM or end of 8:30pm or later. If you have day care deadlines this job will not be suitable.
not very flexible when it comes to requesting time off for AHA advisors as one would think for an at home position. Also, they were rather cold when voicing concerns about the grueling pace expected of someone in this role.
Apple culture at headquarters takes getting used to and the first 6 months tend to be challenging in the highly driven environment. People are detail oriented and analyze every detail which can derail meetings. There is plenty of uncertainty and you have to be adaptable to change. Hours are long due to the eagerness to deliver results.
Lack of communication with managers
Full availability for full timers. No set schedules. no exceptions.
The pay, though above average for retail, was not enough for me to support my self in the DC metro area.
Inconsistent hours, terrible work-life balance, management wants everyone to be a cookie cutter employee with not much room for individuality. Terrible growth opportunities. As an engineer by training, I was told that I "wasn't qualified" for a repair technician position and that I would need to stay in sales. The management team has no experience with technology and is not even required to have used our products in the past. They have no idea what's going on with the technology itself.
A discretion with a single manager can be hard to overcome, but there are several managers on staff, and a possibility of transferring as long as other locations are near by. Scheduling availability was very widely open, so difficult to schedule life around at times.
I can't really think of any. If there is one, it will be you will challenged a lot to grow
work and life balance is hard to accomplish
- company is starting to care more about money than its people. - must work many hours during the weekends - needs a bigger store for all the volume we get - no commission
I have seen plenty of frustrating experiences where Apple either will not fire, or for HR reasons cannot fire, people who meet the typical criteria of a burnt out retail employee - someone who is bad at their job, hates their job, and generally just negatively impacts the entire experience. Management is also full of these individuals, people who have been with the company for far too long and become rather jaded and lackluster, no longer interested in really creating an inspiring environment but just looking to show up to work and debate what places to go to lunch that day. There is a weird imbalance between employees who seem to really care for their job and want to do something with their lives vs. those who just seem to be there to get paid.
The minimum hours required to remain an employee are increasing. Its a bit tough to do that and keep a full time job. Doing this personally to be a part of something great and to be engaged with all walks of life is what I love so much about this company.
Harder to grow if you are in a more busier store, but they do work with you to help you real your goals.
Stressful, retail hours, not enough pay, repetitive tasks
Cabin fever from never leaving the house
Its retail so hours can be crazy and weekends are long
To much work for the people that are there
no unique cons about a retail position. apple is great, and there's always been a lot of effort to make it so, but it's still a retail job.
Schedules are not lenient and school breaks can be difficult.
Can't really think of any cons. The only reason I stopped working for the company is because I moved back to my hometown where the particular job I did for Apple wasn't available.
Being a retail store the work hours are not the same every day.
I can't let people see my Android phone. No free Redbulls.
Due to the current economy, I had to take a 40% pay cut to work here. To advance from your current position, "it is not what you know, but who you know." If you do not know anyone, be prepared to stay in your current role for at least a year or more.
Retail hours. One day you may work until 9pm and the following day have to start at 8am so it doesn't feel like any time away from work. Also you are not guaranteed two days off in a row. It makes it hard to have a life as most of the world caters to a M-F work week.
no growth in the company, condescending managers who wanted to plan our career paths without actually letting us input our ideal career paths
Retail is not the best experience. The hours tend to conflict with your time off. Having to work holidays, weekends and vacation blackouts was not good.
The tasks tend to be monotonous at best, the company used to really value its people they had working for them but that is slowly going down hill. Advancement in the company is slim to none, usually external candidates are hired rather than promoting within. Development within the company is also difficult you're expected to "own your own development" which is hard when you don't have enough time in the day to even spend developing yourself. Communication between retail management is lacking and needs to be improved so everyone can be on the same page within the store.
the customers are rude, the company changes its mind to much.
Golden Handcuffs. Managers didn't seem to know what they were doing half the time.
Theres no opportunity for growth unless your a favorite. Yup I said it theres a lot of bias. It is retail what can you expect. You are successful in it if you have a good manager and your manager likes you, if you don't you will not advance. I worked very hard, but didn't care to make much friends with management so I was there 6 years without advancing. I am bilingual, a hardworker, great work ethic but just never got a chance to obtain a higher position.
Customers being allowed to do what ever they want.. Promotions are very competitive.
Store culture is not for everyone. The store is a never ending state of cheering, celebrating and hi-fives for things that have no affect on you whatsoever. It seems to annoy everyone, but people don't want to look like they're not loyal.
Too much of work load
hours are not standard-its retail so there aren't weekends off
With great pay comes high expectations, the work life balance is horrible. There would be weeks where there was only one day off and managers come to you an hour before its time to go home and ask you to stay later.
Low pay (in my opinion) for the amount of work and effort put in. Retail=rude customers. Little chance to advance far. Unfair pay raises. Management are not all management material.
Strict managers, they don't allow you to take your sick time without the thread of a mark going on your record and being ineligible for promotion.
You have to be able to afford to work for years at whatever wage or salary they first bequeath and, if you are a manager-type, it will be a non-negotiable fraction of what you used to make and at least one demotion. If you do get one of the rare promotions, it will be because you have become (frustratingly) completely competent at the new job first and then waited for an eon for no apparent reason for the actual job title and tiny raise. If you have any sense of being a star or being entitled to advancement as a result of hard work, run Forest run. You will get discouraged and accept an outside offer before you get a promotion.
retail. hours. weekends. holidays.
no cons that i can think of as of now. great company truly. i have bene here 6 months and love it
No issues as such !
The wait time/communications to be hired. Stated it'll take 2days to get back to you. Week & a half later. I received a call.
Retail hours. Stressful environment. Little development.
stress, stress, stress, looks better on resume than bank account, no clear advancement strategy, extremely political, too ambiguous
There is no such thing as work/life balance at Apple. Also promotions are really hard to come by. And salaries often aren't that good compared to what you can get elsewhere in the industry.
Get some bad apples every now and again. -essential to have good management at your store to maintain a health ecosystem.
Can not complain about any parts of the company!
Over the last 2 years they seem to just take things away from the employees. They use to really treat us well, but now it seems like they could care less about our department and anything good that I use to love about my job either gets worse or they don't have anymore.
work life balance not so good
attendance policy understaffing for demand
None, I loved my time at Apple. Management was supportive.
Kind of a cult. Seriously. Hard to grow
My school didn't have any AE
Kind of cultish (in a fun way...). These people start to be who you see day in and day out and the cult of Mac is a real thing. If you love Apple an their way of life this is the place for you, if not, it's going to be kind of weird.
Favoritism in retail, people getting promoted who didn't deserve it, moving up the retail ladder requires lots of lateral moves, pay is alright but not great, if you speak a language, they milk it. I've worked retail for 10+ years and I thought Apple would be totally different. I thought it would be an easier foot in the door into apple corporate. Just be careful, apple is VERY selective to who they promote into corporate (certain positions), plus your manager needs to give you a good work if they decide to promote you and its just like any other retail jobs. The perks make it semi-tollerable.  **Use your 2nd language to leverage more pay when negotiating pay in retail, especially if you speak Chinese or Spanish, very high customer volume in stores here in the Bay Area, California **
poor work schedule, management plays favorites, rude customers, people try to be different for the sake of being different, if you don't drink the apple kook-aid you will not last, promotions are hard to come by for sales team.
Some management can be real control freaks while others barely acknowledge your existence. The method for measuring success can be extremely ambiguous. Some policy and procedure is baffling and there is little transparency. There is little or no warning for major announcements or procedure change so if you have trouble rolling with the punches, this is not the company for you.
Bad managers playing favorites. Retail hours suck. But they did a good job of working everyone around the holidays.
Terrible at providing with new career opportunities, almost impossible for getting a promotion to management, as they constantly move the target.
Can be overwhelming when call volume increases.
There needs to be better compensation and upward mobility. Most of the part timers are unable to fit another job in their schedule when products are released. Management should be more flexible with compensation for top performers.
Management was not great at recognizing the positive contributions made. Critical feedback was not very tactful or constructive.
This is a forward looking company, which is good. However, the fast pace this industry moves at requires a lot of time put into the job.
Sometime unfortunately there is favoritism with management and employee which I dislike. I see growth for some and not all. Its a bit sketchy.
Career Paths. Innovative, creative and ambitious minds need career paths. Talent is consistently recruited away by other companies in part because of the lack of developmental processes and the low visibility to internal promotions.
Not much growth for Genius's at the retail level. Once you reach this point unless management is where you want to go then you have no future with Apple. Moving from retail to corporate is not something that happens just from putting in time at the retail level and in most cases you will need to leave and then re apply to get the experience that is wanted at the corporate level.
During new hardware or software releases, Apple tends to get inundated on release dates with issues. They sometimes have very heavy requirements for mandatory overtime during these releases, which puts a lot of pressure on you. Other than that, I highly recommend this program to anyone interested in working a legitimate, well-paying work from home position.
The training isn't thorough enough for a person who has very little call center experience and limited knowledge of Apple products. In such cases, for awhile you'll only be as good as the training that you receive.  This not a good environment for someone who works best independently nor those who aren't very social. You are basically pressured into being very social outside dealing with customers, especially with your team manager and your team. If there is a small learning curve for you to master the duties of this job, then chatting with your team members all shift about non-job related topics such gaming helps you to develops bonds with your team mates. If you have a larger learning curve to master the duties of this job, then chatting with your team all shift is very distracting. There can be social consequences that you may face if you aren't extremely social with your manager and your team on a daily basis that will eventually affect you on the job.  Confidentiality about job performance and personal information is nearly non-existent if you have a boss that frequently delegates his job duties onto to others. Your team mates and will find out all of your personal business that you have shared with your manager. Things that you may only want to discuss with your manager will be discussed with your team mates.
A bit of a glass ceiling at the Retail level, but hard workers can make it to corporate or management if they work at it.
I started working here back in 2007 and left 2013. The mind set changed, because Apple stopped promoting within. Instead they bought people from Circuit City, Best Buy, Walmart, Target, etc. People who never had a Apple computer and do not care about the Apple culture. There are a lot of broken promises. If a manager says that they will help you get to Corporate they are LYING!
Read above. Seriously. This place is not an easy place to work at. It was my first retail job out of college and the job that showed me that I really wanted to become a teacher and help educate people, instead of act like a cleaner, more youthful equivalent of a sketchy car salesman selling overpriced and over-hyped tech goods. What I liked about working at the Apple store most, instead of selling useless goods to people, was teaching them how to use the technology. It's good tech, just too expensive and snobbish for the plebeians (like me!) to be marketed towards.
The management is terrible because they will make you work like there's no end day. Hope they will change this
Long Hours, some of the competition/ office politics
Disconnect between corporate and retail employees. Management favoritism. Promotions/growth not always based on work/production ability.
If you're working in a store than say goodbye to weekends.
If you're working in a store than say goodbye to weekends.
none that i can think of
Definitely a little culty and is hard to move from part time to full time
Management can at times, be oblivious to employee needs. Customers can be surprisingly rude. Always on feet.
Work-life balance is non-existent, new employees are paid more than existing employees, limited opportunities for part-time employees.
Occasional long hours/weekends Lots of pressure to produce the highest quality results, which is expected (meaning some people do get fired if their work is not top notch)
none that I can think of
nothing comes to mind that was negative
managers can be strict, late hours, work weekends, low ceiling
For the pay, Geniuses are getting poached easily by other companies who will value their customer focus, troubleshooting skills and attitude more.
Management was amazing with tough situations involving meeting customer expectations, but it was stressful during high volume times such as new product role outs. The biggest con was just the pay, working full time and still unable to get payed above $24,000/year makes it difficult to look at the retail position as a career.
Poor pay and it takes along time to earn decent income. Lack of long term opportunities and promotions to meaningful pay. Working weekends can be frustrating It can get really noisy in the Apple store. If you hate lots of people and noise this is not your place.
Very strict attendance policy, Depends on the manager you have.
Management is not as lenient
- Company Benefits not that great, just good. - Wont maintain same team in long run,You will change teams n projects frequently.
At times I felt like others that were putting in less work and effort than myself were moving up and I think that its important to ensure that people are going to be hard workers prior to being promoted.
They don't have applesauce, which I believe to be the fruit of the loom, so to speak. As I said, there's nothing bad enough to bother writing about.
It's a retail job with retail hours and slightly above average retail pay. Discounts aren't particularly deep and Apple makes a tidy profit from its own employees' purchases. Compensation doesn't match the skillset and knowledge required. FRS role is a blend of Genius and Creative whilst getting paid the same as a part-time entry-level Specialist. Specialists who are routinely selling $100k+ of goods per quarter will never earn even $40k annually. You definitely wont be able to afford a mortgage. You'll probably be grateful to afford rent within 5 miles of an Apple store. Just thinking about it will ruin your day. Apple is no longer allowing employees to specify a preferred weekend day off, so you get to pick a day off Mon-Thurs and hope you don't work all weekend. You're dealing with the public all day, some of whom have no sense of responsibility (or sense at all). Too many people fighting for too few higher-paid positions.
It may take longer than people originally thought when considering progression within management. There are a lot of steps that one must go through during the approval process when being considered for another position/promotion.
ITS RETAIL. If you want to be in retail long term then its a great place to work and grow. Only a select few actually make it to corporate.
-Poor hiring process, a lot of the people they would end up hiring are some of the most self centered people you will come across -No value system in department, just easily skewed numbers and gossip -Many of the managers are dishonest and have no issue saying whatever they think the other person they are having a conversation with what wants to hear -Lack of short or long term growth -1 to 2 managers at most would be working while we would run full staff unnecessarily on holidays. Some holidays like 4th of July they would buy pizza after realizing we would run out of work after an hour. -Poor planning was the norm -Most people are afraid to speak up in fear of retaliation which often made for a volatile work environment
I have nothing negative to say about Apple.
A lot of Politics within the work environment, Angry Customers, rare promotions, no raises
Erratic hours. Difficulty working with other departments.
Making all customers happy, they expect to make them all very happy but there are some customers no mater what you do they would not be happy...
It seemed impossible to move to other parts of Apple when starting in the support organization, I also had four managers in 8 months — not good for remote workers when rapport with management is completely through digital interactions (video/audio/IM)
Every department is different so Apple is a but like many companies in one. It can be difficult to move to another department once you have been hired into a certain department.
Corporate Staffing leadership was replaced with Electronic Arts employees that removed Apple's long standing processes, people and culture. Many key recruiters and sourcers involved in Apple's iPod, iPhone and iOS success were pushed out in 2010-2011. The departure of these key engineering and tech recruiters may end up hurting Apple's success in the long run. You never want to remove something that was working extremely well and established the teams that brought Apple great profit.  Apple has been referred to as the "rotten core" since these Recruiters have started to take key talent that has made Apple such a successful company.
You may be hired at a location that is a bit far, but you can eventually transfer to a closer one if you are a good employee.
As with any retail job, the hours and customers can cause quite a bit of strain on you. The difference is Apple is a customer-focused company through and through.
too much politics, too much travel
Not working with co-workers in person can be tough at times when working from home but there is still plenty of communication between your co-workers.
No work life balance. I am expected to work 10hour days and literally every weekend but no benefits will be given. Management does not recognize the words (Thank You).
Retail hours are all over and difficult. Customers can be draining.
difficult management, not a lot of room for growth, managers pick favorites, long hours
There can be challenging customers to work with.
nothing its a great place to work
Sometimes the hours are less than desirable, but higher metrics ensure a better choice.
upper management hesitant to meet with tier 1 employees
-Scheduling was awful and time off is not an option -Shifts are long and grueling
Not able to get full time hours all the time, (hired in as part time not full time off the jump), and the lack of desire to allow you to help across multiple platforms if you had the knowledge like i did, (laptop and cell/tablet)
Fast paced and requires lots of patience.
Apple is built on the shoulders of the little people...who are trampled in the mud.
Management can be hit or miss, but that is expected in retail.
It IS one of the busiest places you'll ever work at.
Frequently mismanaged, Retail leadership runs around like a chicken with their head cut off. Clear disconnect between Corporate management and the Retail side. Stressful environment, lots of work to be performed in short reservation windows with a focus on metrics. Low wages for the work that is performed, I could (and did) leave for a similar role with similar benefits for a massive pay increase.
Constant Team Leader changes. I am now on my 4th team manager in 18 months, all of them have been good so far, but, it does get a bit old Hours and scheduling can be a bit crazy, you have to bid your shifts properly, so you get what you want. One day per weekend is required, and that is your 8 hour day. You are generally kept at 20 hours a week. If you take the benefits, (in my case it's for my entire family) anywhere from 25%-50% of your paycheck is gone. Benefits, however, are good. Customers... oh, the customers.... They can be draining.. Some of them are literally emotionally involved with their device. I kid you not. I have had customers crying because their Apple product is broken, and not working. Many of the customer, in fact, the majority of them, are intelligent, and given to following instructions. But, as with any other call center job, there will always be the difficult ones.
The job is very demanding. The metrics that you have to meet are very competitive. During holidays there is a high demand for overtime
The people there are the worst. They're completely full of a crusader Apple spirit that says Apple is the best and if you don't agree you're wrong and not very smart. They're VERY exclusive. It's one thing to be proud of your company but another to be derogatory to people who have different tastes. The phone policies are terrible. Customers have to pay for phone support past a complimentary period, and if they're past that you can't help them with anything, even very minor stuff.
the hours kinda suck. i wish i could pick my schedule as opposed to having my schedule given to me.
"Ambiguity," as they call it. Constantly inundated with peoples troubles every time their iPhone does something unexpected. Not knowing what you'll be doing on any given day until seconds before you clock in. You're telling people bad news. Not all of them are going to take it so well.
Not enough compensation to retain good employees, has been flip flopping between Apple culture and just another retail store, making genius team overwork and way underpaid, not becoming customer focused, have to fight to do work projects, rat race to get to full-time
You need to pass 3 exams to be officially hired.
long hours, not too much work/life balance. experience depends on your manager
-Very strict schedule (cannot be even one minute late getting back from a lunch break) -Very hard to schedule time off (need to submit at least 6 weeks in advance even to be considered) -can be difficult to work their schedule around college schedules
Some managers exhibit "micro-managing" type qualities, making it hard to see eye to eye with them and feel like you're doing the right thing. Also, the attendance policy at Apple was awful. A point for every callout, no matter if you were deathly ill or just hungover and didn't feel like coming to work - regardless of if you had a doctor's note for the illness. There was an extremely complicated method of filing for medical leave, which required contacting a third-party company and having extensive paperwork filled out by both you and your doctor, which had to be faxed or mailed to the company. For a company that states to really believe in it's people, it didn't seem like that went to the extent of their wellbeing when they are sick.
Opportunities:  - Movement into corporate if you're coming from a leadership position at a flagship store
Overall an extremely disappointing experience for me. I loved Apple before I worked for them. I quickly learned that the retail stores are not a professional environment. And there's a lack of integrity that I found to be too frustrating for me so I quit! Not my thang.....
Training for new software and devices are always on the go and really never get an understanding of the updates and software changes.
It's a big company so bureaucracy creep occurs.
Customers were sometimes a challenge. Their expectations were very high!
It was extremely stressful for me to balance 20 hours a week with 12 units of college classes. I actually would work shifts in my dreams (as in go to sleep, dream a shift, wake up). You are evaluated on your statistical results (which is perfectly reasonable, but something I was not ready for at that time in my life.
-Very difficult to receive promotions -Too many managers for concise communication -Over promise, under deliver on many conversations (Personal experience not necessarily status quo) -Sit and spin progress
growth is limited, penalties for workers not performing up to standards are non-existent,
did not adequately prepare techs for what they were going to have to do
Management can be braindead, but Apple are like the Vatican and never really remove anyone, they just ship them off far away. And, its still retail, hard work and all the downsides of retail.
Wish the company paid it's retail employees more. Would like to see more opportunities to advance into corporate positions
my job has no career path, effectively stuck. New management deeply affecting commissions. Very bad policies of cutting large deals and managing commissions down.
Lots of management. Lots. Lots of people you know are taking serious pay but you're not really sure what they actually do.
It is a large company, you will be a pawn.
Its become a mature organization much more political in nature. Culture is changing.
None I can really think of.
Retail hours, not the smartest customers, general public
You will be up for a ride working at a Apple Retail Store in NYC. Most of the customer interactions are negative and they have absolutely no respect for you!! Customers, will scream and shout out you and will look down upon you like your less than a homeless person. The store was generally understaffed and several hundred customers were pulling me in every single direction at one time. Managers wanted us to follow the company policy 100% without no hesitation. However, if we were doing our part and a customer was angry, then they would throw a tantrum and the managers would give into them All the Time and make Us Specialists look like the Bad Guys!!! I have seen times when a customer caused a scene because they couldn't return their two year old phone. As a result, the manager would give in and also give them a free phone case. The policy is 14 days and the policy never sticks. When it came to making an exception for an employee. OOOO Noooo But the Policy!!! Many of my co-workers were frustrated with the mixed messages of management.  During my time there, out store had a really harsh Time and Attendance Policy. If you were late or call out no matter the reason you would get an occurrence. The subway could of shut down or you might of had a death in the family, doesn't matter!!! Many great employees were fired because of this broken policy.  They had system called the NPP where the customers can rate you. This was one of the reasons I left. Your raise is dependent on this. The store can be way understaffed and a customer can write a negative review about the experience ( not having control over it) so that effects your raise. Also, Management wants you to sell as much AppleCare or One to One as possible. You can convince a customer to buy it without being pushy at all. Then later on the customer will have buyers remorse and slam you by giving you a negative NPP score by saying "they were too pushy". Then I would be blamed by the managers for being too pushy and getting a detractor. If I didn't Applcare then they would ask me to please improve my numbers. Again, mixed messages!!!  The NYC Market is run by very poor management. I understand that other markets and stores are much better.
No work/life balance, no commission on sales, micro-management, unnecessary drama, management picks favorites
Part time, terrible management promotion pathing(temp as manager first at normal pay, and then be on call to maybe do again or become a manager while they still hire other college graduates frequently from outside)
It's retail. The managers think small.
Long hours retail is retail Management often has little to no understanding of how to do anything but micromanage a sales experience they themselves are incapable of navigating alone
Stress ful, work life balance , advancement is often very smoke and mirrors. Does not develop well.
None. The experience is simply the best
Retail hours, nights and weekends, hard to stay busy when traffic is less.
It's a retail job The hours can suck Managment can get political
The stores can get overwhelmingly crowded, so I wouldn't recommend those with claustrophobic tendencies play amongst the people. As the company continued to grow, expand & evolve, the relationship between leadership & teams began to resemble a "ball & chain" like quality, which in most cases, I'm sure trickled down from the top, where the powers that be at retail spit new rules & regulations & force-feed them down the chain. This type of scenario typically played out in scheduling, where it almost became detrimental to your future with the company to have a life outside of Apple, simply because they wanted you there so often, even if you came on as "part-time."
Things are always in flux. You will likely not know about projects or new expectations until they are already announced, which makes it feel like you're always catching up. The job expectations are often increased without training to make sure you're able to do them right away. New opportunities can be spotty, and you have to have the right stuff when they come up. There is no time to prepare for positions down the road other than doing your current job exceedingly well.  As far as the role specifically, being on the phones constantly is wearing and leads to a lot of fatigue. There are almost no systems in place for job variation or ways to get different kinds of experience. Hard to make lateral moves within the company. Management can be stiff and unwilling/unable to make exceptions for when life issues come up.  Scheduling is a nightmare in this job. Your schedule preferences are limited and based on performance, and it is near impossible to swap shifts with someone, even when you have legitimate reasons for it (school, church, etc). Makes it very hard to plan any down time.  Few systems in place to attain new skills without an interested manager backing you up, which doesn't always happen.
Growth is very limited, my job has no career path. Managers lack management skills
My recruiters both stated there would be opportunities for advancement after committing to one year of part-time, technical support. After one year, I found very few opportunities for advancement and securing full-time employment. Apple seems to place more value in hiring outside personnel and outsourcing, than developing and promoting opportunities from within.
Depending on your job, it can be very stressful. Leadership is not always on the same page. Apple corporate sometimes has initiatives that don't make sense, they end up frustrating a lot of employees. The work environment can be negative at times if there is not proper guidance from the managers. It is extremely difficult to move into higher job roles like management.
Lack of growth, leadership, communication, huge lack of respect to employees. Terrible, non-useful "propaganda" training, even though they claim it's the best. Awful, inconsistent scheduling, with total disregard for employees. Pay is FAR too low for what they demand of employees vs. store revenue, and do I have to mention those awful shirts? I took this job out of desperation and as bad as I expected it, it was much, much, worse.
Retail can be challenging
The company is too full of itself to be open to new ways of thinking. If you don't fit into Apple's culture of secrecy and paranoia (even for the next versions of products that have already been in the market for years) you won't do well. The company has grown too big to be able to innovate, and is too proud to really listen to its customers (although internally, it insists that it does). Apple is very good at believing its own hype. There are lots of corporate politics, much more than I've seen elsewhere. There is very little attention to work-life balance: expect to have much more to do than you can finish in a week.
-work/life balance can be rough -using vacation time accrued is vital to support work/life balance
Extreme transitions make little sense.
The only thing literally is salary. I wish they would raise your salary faster. It made me leave the company
cant think of any
My particular store leader was stuck in the old way of retail.
If you're stuck in the retail space, there is nothing that separates it from any other retail job. The company also is not very good at identifying talent in retail and providing them with growth opportunities.
Leadership doesn't seem to understand the job when setting expectations for metrics. Clientele can be extremely abrasive. How to move within the company is unclear or misleading.
Very little upward mobility or chance for conversion.
-Difficult to move up -Hours are horrible -Company hiring less specialized employees
Full-time jobs are rare to come by because there are so many employees but you can still get a decent amount of hours. You know how busy that store is alllllllll the time!
Retail hours.. Not many holidays off.
Career ceilings come fast.
I was a little unsatisfied with the work. I didn't really feel challenged. Additionally - and I realize this is quite petty - but hearing about the free and delicious food and on-site perks at Google didn't help. There is quite a lack of frivolous perks that you have at other tech companies. On a more serious note, the company culture doesn't seem very collaborative. I didn't really feel like i was part of anything big ever, or part of a bigger team than my own.
1> Expects too much 2> Very aggressive
Not much room to grow, company seemed to lack initiative after the passing of the once great Steve Jobs
There's no real room for movement from Retail to Corporate the way it used to be. It doesn't feel as if Corporate knows what it's like in the stores anymore, or they do and just don't care as long as they are making their money.
They say that their soul is their people yet the customer is treated like royalty while employees receive very little additional perks.
Scheduling of hours, typical retail point of sale can be changeling.
Having visited numerous Apple Stores, two of which I worked for, it is clear that some stores are more enjoyable and productive than others. The feel of each store is very much dependent upon the employees that work within it, and sometimes managers fail to hire the brightest of the bunch, which often leads to frustration, inconsistency and unrest.  The sales environment can be extremely hectic, and some Apple Stores are more prone to chaos. Many stores have steel walls, wooden tables, stone floors and minimal sound mitigation, which can add stress to the day-to-day. There is also a certain mundane repetition that seems to develop after more than two years, a lot of explaining the same things, repeating analogies, and talking about the same products and services day in and day out.  Many employees, especially those under the age of 28, see working at the Apple Store as a stepping stone towards their dream jobs, which seldom exist within Apple, Inc.
With the velocity of the business, people development can get lost or forgotten.
retail hours, not challenging and not upward mobility
Some of the people think they are so smart because they work here and there egos get to big.
The company is any umbrella of divisions. There is a sort of hierarchy of divisions. Dev and Engineering teams (particularly iOS) get taken care or better—free dinners, RSUs available to more people, better holiday events. iTunes division gets free drinks, see free screenings of movies, and occasionally experience free shows. AppleCare gets nothing.
They micro-manage the hell out of you. ALSO if you ever plan on going into management, know this is a very difficult route if you come in as a specialist or really anything other than manager. They like to hire outside the company for all manager/store leader positions. Not saying it's impossible to work your way up (there's one manager at my store who did), but generally speaking it will take forever. Apply as a manager or for the ASLP program.
It is very difficult to get some shine when all of your peers are excellent. If you plan to move up here, you had better start from the time of your interview. Don't be late, don't take advantage of the loose dress code. Pay close attention to everything management tells you, show off humbly, and play to your strengths. Keep in mind, though - you will never get to management by starting as a specialist. If you want to be full-time, mention it early to anyone you can. This is my only complaint.
You need to be proficient in your current position and hold it for a period of time before promotions are a possibility.
getting time off was pretty tricky.
nothing that i can think of
Movement to other positions is harder than it should be and less of a meritocracy.
Attendance policy is hard to maintain. Turn over is huge. Its like a revolving door. People come and go so quickly! Always hiring and in groups because of the great turn over. Its retail first and upfront! Its all about being there and on time, only 5 minutes allowed for error. NO paid vacations or sick leave for part timers.
Management, inner-workplace politics, ambiguity, work life balance
Pay is low. Depending on what project you work on, working weekends for 6 months in a row is tough. A lot of new people with any real life experience, also a lot of people believe its a religion.
- None that I can think of, really is my dream job and company
Many weak managers in the organization drive amazing talent away. What once was a really amazing culture that focused on people and products has become more concerned with expenses and profit (e.g. layoffs of talented sales people, talented recruiters, and absorbing their workload to other already overworked employees).
Not exciting of a company to work for. You would think that this company would be open to hearing about ways to make change, but they are not.
Sometimes it feels like the pay isn't justified. When you sell hundreds of thousands of dollars a year and only get $15/hr it's tough. Also when you're hired they say they don't worry about numbers and sales but if you're looking to move up expect to be one of the top performers in the store.
Changes very fast. not really a con for me but it can be for some people
Too many people work and it's hard to move up
poor bonus potential, limited growth opportunity, lack of transparency around necessary business data points needed to improve overall results
No accountability sometimes, both ways.
So many talented people interested in going further, while there are not a lot management openings, from so little turn around.
Business at Apple is a grey, murky area. There's no alignment with enterprise-level business sales, so internal poaching happens. We had to share our inventory with the store, so sending a customer to third-party sales options happened from time to time and was frustrating.  Store Management was extremely short-cited - most of them had only ever worked retail, which didn't help the company's vision to be more than just a retail location. They didn't understand anything beyond what was right in front of their noses. I felt smarter than most of my "leadership".  I shouldn't have been hired at the store - I was overqualified for the job. When management realized that, I wish they would have assisted me in looking for other opportunities...I would have liked staying with the company, but I didn't know what other options there were.
Hectic retail hours with little opportunity for time away.
Odd work hours, retail during holidays, some customers are not always happy, inconsistent training.
daunting when having to deal with customers who 90% of the time are ungrateful and rude.
Little or no movement from a sales position at the Apple Online Store. Most Apple products are sold at retail, so growth in the AOS is slow and movement is less. AppleCare seems to have higher promotion opportunity.
people are very fast moving
It doesn't take very long if you search the internet for people dissatisfied with Apple. Although with anything online, some claims are petty or from former bitter employees. If you are favored and well liked you will go far regardless of your skills. I believe people should only be rewarded for a job well done. I've seen countless skilled & talented coworkers, that deserved the opportunity, be passed over often, for someone less qualified. I understand every business is political to a point, but when this practice becomes the norm, there is a problem.
Retail schedule, hardly any time off during the holidays, very strict attendance policy
Training is a work in progress, dept is going through growing pains, only motivation to do hard work is for the chance you MIGHT get the schedule you want, shift bids every 6 months, hard to get recognition, when you do get recognized you aren't eligible to receive another award for over a year, employee morale is low. Keep in mind this company is based in California so there's a lot of thin skin.
Poor management, incompetent people put in roles because of politics, sometimes going above and beyond isn't enough
Promotional paths muddled and vague.
The hours were tough being retail and the constant changing environment could be hard to keep up with.
Do not ever work at IS&T. It's like the slum of Apple. Please ensure you ask if it's IS&T they are interviewing you for. IS&T employees have been banished to Sunnyvale and have no perks like free sods like the rest of the Company. You are usually given hundred consultants to work on 2-5 mostly internal projects simultaneously while the rest of the Company focuses and innovates on great products. Most people think they are Steve Jobs. People focus on the beauty of products, but forget about performance and simplicity.
- little leniency on punctuality. - only 5 min leeway for clocking in. Example, if your shift is @1pm, if you clock in @ 1:06pm, you get 1point. 3 points in a 3-month consecutive interval leads to a warning and so on...
- Secrecy and security get in the way all the time - work life balance isn't great - IT is not always up to par - Not as many perks as a google or a facebook - Cupertino is the most boring town in the south bay
It is hard to reach management from a starting position. The personal growth is up to you. There is no clear career path.
It's retail, hours are all over the place with no steady schedule. Extremely demanding with very little feedback from managers, just that the team is not doing enough to keep up with customer demands.
Management didn't connect with, nor did they seem to invest in the team. Although they thought the initiatives they were "creating," were aimed at boosting morale of the store, and bringing fun, they were not and most always seemed disingenuous.
Working for Apple Retail does not necessarily ensure you have a better chance of gaining a corporate position within Apple Inc.
Office culture, relatively lower compensation than peers.
A frequent dismissal of personal needs by management in favor of even the most ungracious, and often disrespectful, customer's.
I love my job at Apple look forward to becoming full time moving up after I learn new concepts.
Getting a job is tough. Once you make it in, there is limited opportunity for advancement. Good luck getting full-time work.
The ONLY issue I had was with the adversarial relationship we seemed to have with middle-management. Small things like consistent scheduling/goals seemed to be manipulated deliberately to induce fear and frustration. Any success my co-workers experienced moving up the ladder to corporate was despite the best efforts of of store management. A few made it, and it was exclusively by circumventing store management. Especially frustrating given the rosy picture painted for us by the guidelines about growing people.
The managers, in my opinion, didn't appeal to their employees... their view seemed to conflict with the companies view.
Almost always hires strictly part-time employees with opportunities for advancement to full-time later in the future. Very strict attendance policy. Not for individuals with bad attendance records.
Very difficult to get full-time in any position within the retail store. In-store management team was virtually powerless, everything from quantity of hours available to promotions/role changes were left in the hands of the market leaders (who didn't really have any idea what was needed). Hours were highly unpredictable, which made it nearly impossible to have a life outside of the store. Very difficult to move within the ranks of the store, they would very often bring in "new hires" from outside the store that would get positions that people who had been working there for years wanted. Very high-stress work environment (particularly at the Genius Bar) and, the pay rate didn't compensate for the demands most of the time. No connection between retail and corporate sides of Apple as far as job movement.
Working at any retail store is hard. The hours are not pretty and you are customer facing at all times.
you can learn your own way and write documentation, Every body is working together to make the company successfull
none. the companies culture and people are amazing.
Favorites play a big part here.
None at all that I know of
Work-life Balance, overwhelming number of customers, inflexible management. After a certain amount of time working can become the same thing day in and day out. Very few career opportunities. I was expected to work over my normal schedule hours and then berated for having overtime.
The customer base is becoming less and less accountable for their tech.
- Growth is highly dependanton "hidden" statistics - Very hard to fit in with the existing staff at times. - Management seemed uncaring at times (probably because of such a large staff in store).
management rotates and different rules and schedule issues each time I got a new manager. Nothing consistent
Low pay. Shift bids, can't keep the same shift, have to bid for shifts every three months. Dirty work environment.
Management team was mostly ok, but some managers were rather sexist.
Have to be available 24/7
Poor management infrastructure Management has no clue about the tech side of things Deal with angry customers that no little about technology
Have to work on most weekends
Hire better managers with management experience and key skill sets and not those who have been sitting in retail for the past 20 years. If managers are there just for a paycheck who dislike their job, pay them 5k to get out and replace them with new leadership who will get the job done.
It's still a bit soul grinding to work in retial.
Like someone else said here: Callers are typically the less-than tech-savvy. Getting yelled at for not fixing the phone for free when they're out of warranty, or they broke it themselves. They record and listen to most every call, including your screen. They micromanage to the point it feels like grade school. The company is way over-hyped from within, uber-secretive about everything. Super-paranoid of their own employees.
It's retail. You're skills and hard work can only get you so far. Most people hit the proverbial ceiling within a year or two and either continue to work or eventually leave to pursue better career opportunities. Unless you come in as a Manager it is extremely hard to cross that threshold to that level from any lower position.
It can be easy to work long hours, because of the fun and exciting work environment. This is the only con I can think of, and it's not really a con.
Not many....maybe more of a travel benefit in major metro areas
Weekend hours and retail schedule
There are some strict policies in place, including the time and attendance policy, vacation requests that must be submitted a full month in advance, and the requirement that every employee list availability to work on both weekend days. Smaller annoyances, such as achieving various sales metrics, micromanaging managers, and changes in policy that mean you can't always give the customer the full experience have made Apple Retail a less enjoyable place to work.
They make a lot of empty promises that they can't keep at the store management level. I was there for 2 years and was ALWAYS performing within the top 5% of everyone in the store and yet, the VAST majority of open positions would go to new hires who have never worked in retail or for Apple. This inevitably caused incredibly low morale amongst the employees at our store. The people who WERE being promoted from within were those who would hang out with managers outside of work, and were usually the most fake employees in the building. If you can sacrifice dignity to move up, then you will be a rockstar in this company. If you refuse to be fake, and stab other people in the back, then you will have no shot at a career in retail. How much you know, or how good you are at making customers loyal to Apple for life, is irrelevant. However, I will say that when I would go and work for other stores outside of our market, it was a LOT different. It felt like how retail did back when Steve Jobs was still alive and Jon Browett was still in charge of retail. Ever since then, things have been all about numbers and politics. Back then, it was all about change and enriching lives.
It may get very political, if management does not approve of you and they are not willing the help you, they will find a way to get you out. Just like any company, sometimes scumbags slip through the cracks, unfortunately, these people make it to the top and run away the people that are worth it.
Talent and people are expendable - even up to VP level
Part time job only and that was a big problem for me, it may not be for you.
Your time availability for full-time employees is 6-7 days mandatory. Part-time is 3-7 (but you can only have one weekend day off, and if you don't specify, you WILL work both weekend days).  This company is excellent at giving you just enough money and benefits to keep you stuck in which ever position you're in. And don't forget, there is NO position (except store manager) that gives you ANY skills to improve your résumé and move on to a better job. DO NOT come here intending on making it to Apple Corporate, and DO NOT expect this to be "the end game."  Pay is sub-par (especially for the richest tech company in history). Sales "Specialists" start at $13/hr, "Experts" at $18, and "Creatives" and "Geniuses" at around $20/hr... but you'll never start out as the latter 3. You almost always have to start as a Specialist.... Oh, and there's NO COMMISSION. EVER.  One last thing... your annual "raise" (if you're an exceptional employee) will be around 60 cents.  I've noticed that the only people who think this company is good to work for, are people with no college education, used to be homeless, ex drug-addicts, or simply have extremely low self-esteem and low self worth.
Pay is not great, customers are just as bad as any other customer service job, maybe a bit worse. Depending on your manager, it could be bad or good. It is easy to think that there is a path from retail to corporate and get caught up in it, but there is not really.
Since this is still a retail job it does tend to take up your holidays and they require that you work during holidays. So don't expect to go away for Christmas or Thanksgiving. No one gets time off on the holidays.
taking a long time to get promoted...but they don't promote someone unless they're fully ready. they set you up for success. not failure.
It's difficult to get into the retail side of Apple. There is a lot of competition. Nearly all employees start at part-time, and that makes getting hours difficult
Management between stores is very hit or miss. Some viewers might have gotten the short end of the management stick, overall they try very hard to bring in great people and figure out when things aren't working.
none really, if you are open about what your goals are, in my experience management will guide you appropriately
It's too easy to become stagnant, stuck in the same position wether you like it or not. Pay is underwhelming compared to other companies.
Brutal pace, there is no downtime. High customer service focus adds more pressure to fix every issue- some of which are unrealistic. Lots of staff- over 100- to keep happy.
Long hours spent on your feet. Full Time requires 100% open availability. Schedules change from week to week.
Growth, particularly in retail was extremely narrow. I had the highest metrics in my area and was a great resource to the team, but there was often tenure and politics involved in any promotion. Responsibilities are frequently increased in big increments but there wasn't nearly adequate financial compensation for the new responsibilities. After the loss of Steve Jobs, I believe the company shifted focus from the customer experience to generating higher numbers and impressing wall street. This became very evident in our budget cuts, resources and training that was provided, and severe reduction in headcount even during the busiest time of the year. Apple has also had a lot of success in convincing the public that its a green company, however, if you work just one day in the retail stores, you'll notice that Apple isn't really much of a green company at all. There is almost no recycling that occurs with the massive amounts of shipping and packaging for the products.
finding a new position for growth can be met with resistance
Sometimes the store gets so busy that we don't have the time to set aside for additional training. We are suppose to get ongoing training on the position by going over the latest technical post.
upper management won't listen to you anymore everyone kinda thinks they know how to do everything no room to move up
some bad attitudes (rare) inconsistencies between stores and markets
Pay isn't great for such a profitable company. Constant stream of customers who can get a bit cranky, co-workers can have a bit of an uppity attitude towards their knowledge of the product
No chance to move forward to a higher position unless you want to do the job without the pay increase first. If you want to be a Genius you have to work the genius role with out the pay first, same with becoming a trainer. They very rarely promote internal employees to management. Apple prefers to hire Starbucks, Gap and Best Buy mangers into the company. The workload is absolutely overwhelming, store is packed nonstop and not enough employees to help everyone (even with 20-30 sales people on at a time). Because it is so packed you will get sick all the time.
You have to continually improve or you will be left behind
be aware of office politics
There are no downsides that I am aware of.
Retail environment is terrible brain wash employees not much room to grow
Not much downside to working for one of the greatest companies on the planet ...
Can be very difficult to move up in the company. You definitely have to prove your worth.
You are told that accommodations will be made for this like schooling, but when Apple started to get busy all accommodations were canceled, which resulted in a lot of employees having to quit.
You cannot slack off... there is no room for that type of slacker culture.
American mindset is very particular: it's so hard change their mind and explain that process are ok in U.S, in Europe may be not.
Must be able to adapt quickly to circumstances, sometimes the big things change and they change fast. Apple finds a way to make it your life. It can be too much if you don't work to balance it.
Retail hours mean a serious balancing act of work/personal life
They will work you until you burn out and then replace you with a fresh duplicate. I put in 5 years of blood sweat and tears and left without as little as a "thank you". (Don't let the door hit you on the way out.)
Depending on your market and managers' disposition to hit sales / appointment goals, you could be asked to work 14+ hour day and come back bright and early the next morning. If you work retail, you will have NO chance of getting to corporate. Working part time means working 40 hours. Yeah, do the math.
Work-life balance is a big challenge.
There isn't much room to grow unless you are in a very high volume market. There is a lot of lateral movement in the company but not much progression. They value managers from outside the company than growing from within.
Busy environment that can be hard to thrive in, very very thorough interview process.
Cupertino isn't the most exciting city.
Working retail is not my cup of tea
Apple rolled this position into Retail which means no Account Management and going after Enterprise accounts. You're now at the mercy of the Store Leader which 90% don't understand Account Management.
not much to any room for advancement. No promotions, lack of compensation. Managers really don't appreciate anything. Even a smile would do or a simple thanks.
NONE! apple was very flexible
Some departments have hight turnover due to lack of growth opportunity.
Uh, they have extremely rigid work hours... That's it I think.
Way too much hype. People take themselves a little too seriously.
inequality between expectations and pay, social pressure to speak over-highly of all corporate decisions, lack of vertical movement, unproductive meetings
Not an environment that is SUSTAINABLE as a sales maker. Constant demand on quota growth due to the public nature of the company
Extremely hard to move up in the company. They tend to hire from outside - the internal metrics are very difficult to achieve and therefore they pass on most internal candidates. This is retail so you have retail pay - which for most people with Bachelors and Master's degrees have to move on since promotions are so hard to get.
Micromanaging. No flexibility. Feels like a line worker. Bullying.
In the Genius role, it is pretty much non-stop angry customers. There are situations where you have to get a leader or security guard because of customers' temperament. Over time some people get "burned out" and should leave or move on, but sadly they don't. It's difficult to get fired when working for Apple so people who are content in their positions do what is necessary to stay, but have very little drive. This can be difficult on the people who are trying to grow with the company. Trying to improve numbers on the team can end up being a 1 person job (which, in turn, burns out that individual). Also, in San Francisco, there is a big turnaround for technicians because Apple does not pay the average rate for someone doing a technical support job.
Moving from Retail to Corporate is difficult. Apple hardly fires anyone in retail, so many of the harder workers have to pick up the slack for those that are just there paycheck to paycheck.
- Advancement can take awhile - Suggestions for improvements have to go through a long process and sometimes are said to be being considered but aren't - If you don't meet your metrics, you're out
gets tiring talking non-stop on the iphone
No commissions, sometimes demanding management and occasionally difficult customers meant you had to be "on" at all times.
-Tough to deal with disappointed customers -Lack of support from leadership -Shifts are exhausting
Extreme politics to a point of not truly supporting a performance based culture, HR practice was a joke (from how they promoted, to how they rolled out training, etc.)
Very political. They tend to give you the "runaround". Promises of promotions are hardly kept. It can very disappointing and discouraging.
could be physically tiring due to the long hours of walking and standing on concrete floors.
The same cons as any retail position. Odd hours, weekend work.
Access to crucial information to help move a project along is always closely guarded. This can be a good thing too.
Difficult to move up or around. They like you to get good at one thing and them just do it. Not employee focused.
Working on the weekend, very limited Mon-Fri shifts
You will never move up unless you are buddies with management.
people can be too demanding and ask for too much, and this is not a rearding experience when working in the company.
lack of promotions. full time cannot set availability of schedule
Don't get paid nearly enough Was around during the awesome $2-5 raise that many employees got, but otherwise it's around $.25-$.75, once a year. Not enough support for the Back of House (this is company wide, not just my store) You're working retail Did I mention it's retail? For my store, it was 24 hours minimum you had to work per week, which is not an easy thing to do when you're going to school full time. They used to be a lot more flexible with students and their schedules, but they seemed to have changed that. It pays you just enough so that you're afraid to move on to anything else. You get comfortable and next thing you know, it's 3 years later and you're at the same store. I've seen it happen to many people until they realized they can do better and left. Just be careful. This is a decent job if you're working here and going to school, but after that, get out.
northbrook location has terrible management and even worst customers soooooo man old people that don't know anything about their devices makes for long days
Store gets pretty crowded, especially on weekends and holidays.
Incredibly secretive. Suggestions up the latter is nonexistent. Crazy hours.
I can honestly say for the first job yet that I haven't come across anything negative as an employee!
Extremely, extremely difficult to advance from retail on to corporate. Sometimes depending on the day things can get a little monotonous.
if you are not in a popular project, it is very challenging because you don't get the resources your team needs.
Tend not to promote from withen
Intense workplace. Customer flow does not ease up and is a never ending battle to keep them happy. Company is rightly focused on customer service, but this additional pressure really takes its toll on the store leader. All department managers are hourly and expected to maintain close to only 40 hours per week while leaders can end up working 60 hours per week.
Sometimes the trainers aint cooperative
Technical role on a non-technical team was tough at times.
-Not much room for growth unless you suck up to management -Inconsistent management team -Very cult like -Easy to get comfortable and satisfied with what you are doing -Not a very challenging environment after some time -Once management has an idea of you, they aren't willing to help -Too many politics and unfair practices -No work/life balance
The work-life balance situation is very unbalanced. Full-time employees are expected to have 24/7 availability and although they accrue vacation time, it's nearly impossible to use it (I requested vacation time up three months in advance and was rejected) because only two people can request the same day at the same time. Management seems to be mostly concerned with how many appointments are closed and not how many issues are actually fixed, we were constantly asked to multi-task, sometimes helping up to 3 customers at once. Getting a promotion is very political, and is mostly based on who you suck up to and not on skills or aptitude.
Sometimes difficult to overcome some customer expectations. Retail hours can be grueling especially on weekends and holidays. Stores have difficulty balancing staff hours. A lot of times understaffed/overstaffed.
None that standout from the ordinary busy work environment.
Depending on management, you may have very little time to train and continue your learning. Burnout from constant work activity is common. As in most retail jobs, extra demanding customers can be a challenge, especially when it relates to their personal data and/or work.
Very demanding customer base with extremely high expectations. Constant training/education is required to keep up on the job changes. Takes very long to move forward in the stores.
* Crappy compensation for the amount of training, knowledge and work required to deliver Apple's high-level of service. * Apple Retail stores feel like a cattle corral for the employee. Hectic work environment with only 2 co-ed restrooms for hundreds of employees. * No clear career path from Apple Retail to Apple Corporate. * Lots of Rah-Rah and it feels like Apple is relying on 'paying their employees' with the privilege of working for Apple vs. really taking care of them financially.
It's kind of like high school, there can be groups of people that are similar in taste, but that can happen anywhere. Unfortunately, there is a little bit of naivety and unrealistic looks in the real world. There is a phrase, "Drinking the Apple Juice." Where you get so imbedded that you believe the company can do no wrong and is the end all be all. It isn't, it's retail and definitely not real life. With this comes an attitude that the managers kind of look at the employees like they are children. They try and assign busy work instead of respecting people's individual talents, skills, and rolls. Many have developed a my way or the highway scenario, which doesn't get companies or employees on the right path. If you want to be respected as an individual and welcomed, you'll be ok. If you want to be seen as an individual with ideas being recognized on a daily basis, then you'll have to suck up and never speak your feelings if it's against the popular opinion.
No room for advancement compared to other companies. Only value for certain employees based on arbitrary things.
Not much room to grow. Plenty of lateral movements, but no real growth opportunities in upper management.
no room for growth within sales
Very simple and repeating task.
Cafeteria and parking are crowded. Few free perks. Working schedule/style depends on group. Hardware groups have brutal travel schedules and deadlines.
Poor work/life balance. Management has typically been a weak,spot in an otherwise very strong company. Apple typically does little to foster quality leaders.
if you're looking for full time I would not recommend but a great place to work with lots of benefits.
Once in retail, it's difficult to break into the corporate side of Apple, Inc. Sometimes, we grow faster than anticipated and it's difficult to get a consistent message through the many layers of leadership.
Some employees get a little too into the Apple culture, and it definitely takes time to move up the chain.
Not a lot of room for advancement Getting a Manager job is a bit political - have to rub elbows with the right people to be noticed
Pay. I know that's the heartache of every company, but for the workload some of your employees get paid well below their worth.
moving up in the company is difficult
While at apple I couldn't really come up with man cons other than work life balance is sometimes tough to maintain and there really isn't a lot of on-boarding.
only if you fail to recognize opportunities
Lots of competition for the few opportunities that rarely crop up.
Hours when's new product, like an iPhone or iPad, is released are a bit aggressive but can be managedb
Not a lot of room for advancement Getting a Manager job is a bit political - have to rub elbows with the right people to be noticed
If you don't have 100% surveys your manager bug you crazy Customers can be abusive and give u a negative survey because of apple polices but it's still your fault Very stressful
Company-wide culture of fear of the manager. Zero organizational agility. People at ALL levels are stuck in their jobs: There is no demotion nor promotion at Apple: You will do in 10 years from now the same job that what you were recruited for. Internal tools (mail, calendaring, intranet, expense reports, etc...) totally outdated and inefficient... Software from the XXth century in a XXIst century company
They will let you go at any second for any reason.
nothing much that i can think about. maybe long hours
Part - time, no clear path to promotion
People are very busy with tasks on hand and have little or no time to pause and think about the task. Big and complex processes which can lead to small rivet in a big machine feeling. Very limited time to work on new things due to schedule.
Attendance Policy can be a little difficult for long commuters.
-Very demanding (which is expected)
The position can at times be very monotonous
Sometimes even the bad eggs get through interviews. Like all companies, I definitely dealt with some poor managers. I also found that the culture continued to change, it seemed like employee benefits in the past were much better, as if the company was trying to go cheaper.
High expectations for college students, manager in Cupertino was engaged, lack of guidance from manager nearby
As an At Home Advisor the work day got pretty boring as your whole day was spent answering phone calls for the same product. Difficult to take time off (at least my manager wouldn't allow us to take time off, even unpaid, if we didn't have the vacation time), which seemed ridiculous considering it was an hourly part-time position. This particular position caused lots of stress to myself as well as others on my team.
nothing bad to say here
you can ONLY advance if the RIGHT people like you Some managers were lucky to be in the right place at the right time but they often lack the skills needed to do their job well
Not so great pay. The pay is OK but should be higher for the amount of work and stress that you deal with on a daily basis.
Often Sells "Career Experiences" over advancement opportunities and upward mobility.
Must be very flexible with schedule, especially if part time, as they can change with business needs
Incompetent managers, interpersonal drama a la high school, difficult to succeed. Random imperatives from corporate level employees who have never worked in a retail environment.
it is still a retail store and thought should be given to how this will work into one,s long-term career plan. The pay is low just as in other retail jobs. Generally, the management team is excellent and works very hard.
The Mac has been around for decades. But Apple still has a bit of a startup mentality. Depending of what group or department one works in it may be difficult to get weekends off or real vacations of more than 1 week.
Management can be disorganized from store to store depending on leaders.  Difficult work/life balance - Hard to take time off (especially during holidays) due to high demand, availability requirements for part-timers are still restrictive.  Clientele knowledge and attitudes vary by location and you are expected to act your best no matter the circumstances. Do not consider working here if you're not a self-starter or enthusiastic hard worker. Still, It is the most difficult, yet rewarding, job I've ever had.
Management is an absolute atrocity - Conniving, heartless, and without morals. Forced to work long hours without legal breaks, quick turn-arounds "clopening", complete disregard for state/federal workplace health and safety. Disrespect, no appreciation, completely unvalued.
In many positions you make less to say you work there
Harder to move into new roles.
In the retail side of things you are a punching bag for a lot of upset customers at the Genius bar. For instance, if a customer spills wine on their 2000 dollar computer you are the one that gets to break the news that the warranty does not cover liquid damage. And the kicker is that that person then can go home and Give you a poor review that affects your yearly raise and eligibility for promotion. Most stores are obsessed with metrics and NPS scores. It makes for an extremely volatile and stressful work. Management is disconnected with what is actually on the workers mind. Apple Retail claims to act on feedback, but after 2 years with them what I learned is that they are only prepared to listen to certain feedback. If you critique the way things are being done at a large level you get a pre prepared response and no changes are made. Once you get to be a genius there is no room for advancement whatsoever unless you are the perfect apple poster child with near perfect NPS
Stressful work environment, loud, high pressure. It takes a lot of mental and emotional fortitude to truly work in an Apple store. There is always someone yelling or being upset and the store systems are not set up in a way where it is a relaxing environment.
Better communication regarding higher management
Tend to be micromanaged at times
You work long hours. Somethings the work-life balance gets a little hard to keep up.
Management. Half the management team were educated and came from strong sales backgrounds. These people were great, and really valued success on the floor. The other half were career retail, and didn't have the same standard. I felt discriminated against by these managers because of my education and background. Regardless of my success, I knew that I was experiencing prejudice based off my long-term opportunities outside of the retail floor. It doesn't matter how many higher-ups tell you you are being groomed for corporate, the second the retail floor finds out, you're screwed.  Apple is also stagnating as a company. They're innovation is slowing down, and I always felt like I was lying to customers about the products.
Some customers are unreasonable and leave surveys that tag your permanent record.
There were no cons I could see
Not so great pay Enough work hours!!
its retail.... and some of the rules don't make sense but over all a great company.
Customer service will be customer service, no matter for whom you work. Customer interactions can be the best and the worst part of your day.
none, show up on time and be respectful of others and the company.
Work/life balance varies greatly by department. Can be just as political as any other large corporation. Bad balance if you get a bad manager.
Salary, location, lack of advancement opportunities
Sometimes you have customers who are rude and disrespectful but that is to be expected at most retail jobs I suppose.
Nope there is none! Can't think of any really! Everyone is great and there aren't any cons now
work life balance and handling any customer issues as well as the long hours
Are there any cons? I can't think of any. I really love everything about working for Apple.
There are no Cons! If you love the products, working for the company is just as good!
There are days when your shift just does not seem to end and that is because of how busy the store can get. Sometimes you can be short-staffed during a shift b/c of how many people call out "sick." Scheduling is store dependent but I'm pretty sure folks have issues with it across the board. There are days where it just does not seem to be enough people to meet the business of the day. And that can be frustrating because you have to pick up the slack. Oh and if you're in retail, it is tough to find opportunities for upward mobility within your store. You have to be open to moving to another store. Everyone seems to be vying for those few openings that rarely open up.
Hard to move up in the company. The company favors software engineers more-so than the business minds. Pick Favorites.
Tough hours at times, but it is retail so you learn to adapt
Long hours. Customer's yelling. Kids just hanging out in the store.
Apple really wants its employees to be sheep, blindly enthusiastic about every initiative the company develops, even as these initiatives may change drastically and contradict former initiatives, without warning.   A lot of beating around the bush with feedback and expectations.  Most employees are overqualified people who are treated like babies.  Despite management saying the company is Customer Service driven employees are rewarded more on their sales and attachment programs rather than quality of relationship with the customer, though employees receive no bonus on sales.  Loss of individualism. Really feels like a corporation. Employees expected to fit into cookie cutter roles while being told they are hired for who they are as individuals.  Employees and especially management seem really fake.  Employees could be paid a lot more considering how much profit the company makes. High turnover as employees are unhappy with the meaninglessness of the job.
Not much direction, sometime I wasn't sure what I was supposed to be doing, not enough training
Limited upward mobility, numbers over value focus, overly customer focused - sacrificing integrity to please customers. It's retail, so the hours are hard, the expectations of the employers are harder, and the customers expectations are the hardest.
Continuing to keep it simple. *The culture is not for everyone. *The cons really change with location and people.
no upward mobility, hard to cross over to different departments
Basically everything else. Everything from the management down to the customers...absolutely painful. I have no idea why Apple is so highly rated. Apparently I forgot to attend the employee brainwashing sessions.
Management, at least at my location, almost abused the fact that their employees were apple fans and could get away with not paying them their fair share. Also dealing with highly technical issues with non tech savvy customers can get frustrating.
It's retail and retail sucks.
Selective few get promoted Plenty of favoritism Lots of micromanagement Management pretends to be there for you but really all they care about is the metrics It's retail so don't get caught up in the hype! Don't believe what they tell you in core.
It was not worth it at all for 10.35 an hour. There are only positions available through a temp agency. You go through an intensive training and learn products inside out. Then a 2 week additional on-the-job training. They also create a competitive environment during training for shifts but are not careful with keeping scores and attendance. The management was absolutely inattentive and I have never felt more like 1 in 1000. They had us sign an attendance policy 2 weeks after it went into effect. And did not provide a copy. Ultimately, it was the actual physical room that made me leave. No natural light.
Lack of growth opportunities and slow to resolve solutions because of the scale.
The management is horrible and the pay is too low for the work you do. You have to be very flexible with your schedule.
Not really cons, but advice to potential candidates. For advancement: Drink the kool-aid. If you don't know what I mean, you'll know when you get hired. I don't mean this in a negative way, I mean this in a, this is a cutthroat sink or swim business, you'll stand out if you love what you do, (maybe just a little more than anyone else though...) Hours are competitive and rotational. Dependent on how good you're doing is how you're rewarded with a particular time slot of 4x10 or 5x8. I was at the corporate office, so, regardless of kids, school schedule, any obligation, Apple will own you unless you can polish those numbers for them to get what you need, so don't bother planning ahead, unless you make the cut every quarter.
At times, numbers seem more important than employee welfare and moral. Communication with team on some things leaves a lot to be desired.
Lack of Work/Life Balance, Management can sometimes be very micro managing.
Very competitive and tough to get full time.
The way Apple cultivates a management team is in a very passive and passive aggressive manner, which leads to a very critical and hands off feeling. This has been my experience with 20+ managers over the course of six years at Apple. It was few and far between that a manager would not meet this expectation.
Image is everything, you must be perfect. Financially, Apple is an extremely conservative company.
Work/Life balance can be exceedingly difficult at times. Secrecy can be muddling at times.
occurrences, penalized for sick time
Structured environment limits the amount of opportunities. Based more time at company and not qualifications.
I felt like I was always being micromanaged. If you are comfortable working this way, then this job is for you.
They enforce a strict attendance policy. Very competitive in terms of advancement. Worst part is sitting at a desk taking call after call for 8 hours.
You have to be very patient as a sales specialist - a lot of older customers not sure what's going on.
Leadership is lacking, they rarely listen to employees and are usually so far out of touch with what's going on, that it's comical. This only gets worse the farther up the chain that leadership is!
Not enough time to train employees
Lack of support from leadership and large demands. However, they are aware of their problems are strive to fix them.
limited advancement at the local site, operations positions moved out of state
Bureaucratic at times You're a "number" more than an individual Tough growth path  Just like with any retail store, the experience can vary greatly based on the quality of management, particularly the store manager. Mine was merely "eh" and ran a successful store, but I always got the feeling that we were never progressing as a team because there was almost no growth and development. There were some small portions of training, but nothing that really developed the talent at retail to further employees and the company as a whole. Unfortunately, since this is Apple we're talking about, it's very likely that this won't change because they are doing so well.
Stressful at times and learn quick on your feet
Career path advancement within the business is not very straightforward and it is largely unavailable. Also, despite part-time retail employees being offered good hourly pay, the hours you are actually given are heavily regulated and minimized. This will depend on the current growth of a specific store, but on top of hours being minimized, it can be extremely difficult/competitive to achieve full-time status.
Too many levels of management and it takes a long time to come to decisions due to lack of understanding of the systems in place.
Marginal pay increases even with stellar performance review. The general feeling that you should be "lucky" to work there because it is Apple. Lots of slow processes in the teams I was involved with.  Org changes happened a lot. I witnessed a large layoff(half of a dept, over 60 people, when the company was absolutely thriving, but that product wasnt).  I was tossed around managers, because of re-orgs.  Food wasnt free when I worked there, and it wasnt that good, pretty repetitive.  Feeling of being treated as not part of the "in crowd" if you aren't working on a top tier project.
retail hours, crazy work schedules,
Retail environments can be very difficult. The hardest part is being limited to the direction of such a large corporation. What may be logical improvements to you, in operation on the floor, often get over looked merely because of the large size and consistency of the corporate decisions.
Some managers are better than others, it's the same everywhere. Further development for other positions is done on the clock. Obviously, if it weren't, there would be issues with work/life balance. But given the industry of retail, it constantly fluctuates between hectic and calm.
No room to grow. Dead-end job.
It's still retail. No set scheduling. Weekends and evenings a must. Indianapolis specific (I hope): internal advancement from the technical half positions is not an option. Tier 1 (FRS) to tier 2 (Genius) is as far as it goes. There is a genius team lead that can promote or rotate internally to the genius team. There is no management position for technical employees. Managers are only promoted up from sales positions.
-No part-time career movement for specialists. All full-time corporate and career experiences which to some degree is understandable, but most of us were students and working part-time. -VERY VERY busy family room for technical repairs. One of the largest in the company. Constant strategy changing and this involved multiple parties to submit ideas on better ways of doing things. -Attendance policy is very strict and I wish more of an emphasis was placed in this when I started.
Can be difficult to move in to a position suitable as a career
Busy stores at times do not make for a good training environment
Everyone always felt that their job was in jeopardy because of their attendance policy. And forget about a work / life balance.
As the company has gotten bigger, they still talk up the importance of culture and that people are their greatest asset, but decisions from the top make it clear that profits and spreadsheets are more important than their loyal employees.
There is fairly little room for upward mobility in the retail side of things. Apple hires very enthusiastic people who are mostly highly intelligent and motivated. Trying to get ahead can both be rewarding and frustrating, because everyone is at mostly the same level. After a while it seems as if there is no more room for motion inside the little world that they have built. The culture is fun at first, but can be overwhelming.
Retail hours, store management has no control over hourly wages of employees, so there is negotiation of wages so you basically have to wait a year to get a 3-5% raise which is based on very vague criteria. It has absolutely nothing to do with numbers or revenue, so it's hard for a results-driven individual who believes advancement should be based on skill and performance.
Retail is hard. Customers are difficult sometimes and the hours are not always the greatest, working holidays can suck.
Retail hours and employee turn over
Some customers may be a bit iffy
Work life balance, it's retail, what would you expect?
Smaller stores and huge crowds can be so overwhelming sometimes.
Retail Hours are the worst. I didn't like working at the whim of the management. Also when a manager was late we still got dinged with a point even though they were the cause of the lateness. The gangster attitude of the customers in Modesto was awful. It seemed like a low demographical area to work in.
No room to grow beyond your role.
Poor management, lack of consistency and support, no work life balance, terrible schedules, concerned more about the external customer than the internal customer. No incentives. They constantly tell you they want you to grow within the company, but are always building obstacles as to why you're not ready to move up and they don't help you get to where you'd like to be. They show favoritism at all times. Micro managing. The customers are probably the worst. Stuck up and needy grown ups who have no desire to learn how to use the product. Lazy customers.
Work life balance does not exist as promised. A lot of politics to deal with if you are looking to advance.
There are no cons because this is a good company to work at. There are no cons because this is a good company to work at. There are no cons because this is a good company to work at.
Difficult upward mobility after certain milestones.
Most positions are part time. It's great with the exception of the down times. It goes from all hands on deck to four hour shifts a week and constant revisions of schedules having nothing to do with product launches.
I don't think there is any other than at the end of the day it's retail.
No cons to speak of at this time
It is a cult with no room to be creative
Crazy retail hours, especially around holidays.
Can be a little tough to discover new employment opportunities within the company.  Not everyone is motivated to be part of the betterment of Apple as things get a little too corporate at times.  Personal life is often asked to be put on hold in order to "meet company needs." Would be better that the company do what it takes and not ask more of their employees that already put in their dues.
No job growth Middle management has no clue
No room for improvement in career
Poor work-life balance. Recognition is in plenty, coming in the form of pats on the back, but nothing tangible in the way of funding. Prospects can be politically limited. Management changing personnel rapidly. In sum, managerial rotation results in only changing face and rules but no business related. Changes occur. Incredibly fast paced too focused on greeting each person in numbers than building strong relationships. Deployment is a terrible experience. All other complaints aside, like any other job and not too bad.
You will not go anywhere unless management wants you to. They have their own political agenda and if you don't fit in with that, don't expect to go anywhere.
misleading job post and unsupporttive management
The company is all grown up now. These are far from the garage years. Expect to watch your back for the regular corporate political games. Workload is astounding.
I spent 5 years in Apple Retail and towards my last couple of years of being a Genius I felt as though the pay did not compensate the amount of hours I spent (not too mention during holidays) being told that we are behind on the queue and to take 2 more appointments on top of the 3 I was already working. Many co-geniuses on my team (at 3 different stores) felt as though we were loosing our ability to surprise and delight customers and make sure their issues were resolved because we were being rushed to take more appointments and do a sloppy job which made many customers unhappy. This caused for many of us feel good geniuses to feel like we were scum of the earth. I also wish bonuses and pay raises reflected what you did instead of what the sales people did especially because we were certified technicians who are or went to school for information technology and it would have been nice for Apple to compensate us as so.
Sometimes stressful, and requiring long hours. Extremely secretive, no publication except patents. Barely can build your resume except saying you have worked for Apple!
If you like tech and other companies you will be shunned. Always have to wear a fake persona as in being overly enthusiastic about Apple products
It was difficult to get in. The interview process is very long and anxious, but well worth the wait.
Working at home sometimes means you don't leave your house for days...
Some of the managers think they are Donald Trump! Firing people left and right for prejudice reasons. They may not "like" you regardless of attendance and performance. Only 5% of the entire staff has blacks in the sales department.
Little or no chance of advancement. For a company that claims "our soul are our people" they work you like a dog, and make little or no effort to help grow their staff.
location was too far from SF
Playing the political game is exhausting.
This is retail! I was Working in the Marina. This place was a play found for the rich! You don't work on commission but your still measured though KPI every day. They act like you and the store are sharing the same destiny but its just more of the Kool Aid that they feed you while your there. The employee discount is just buying items tax free. You can't move up unless your a Genius then you might have the chance to go to corporate.  You expected to do things that have nothing to do with the job. Imagine trying to teach an 80 year old man how to use his computer.  Apple corporate Employees are some of the shittiest most entitled people you'll ever meet. They will tell there friends not to buy protection plans! And there just condescending with how they treat you, "Oh, you consider yourself and Apple employee."  End the end they where going to fire me over something stupid so i quit!
Many of the new Store Leaders and Market Managers come from traditional retail and they do not have the ability to think beyond normal retail with numbers and goals. There is very little room for growth unless you fall into the old retail mindset. Innovation is no longer appreciated.
Some leadership issues. There's still a fair amount of empire builders mixed in middle and upper management ranks.
Sometimes management can be blinded by the numbers they must hit and not put the customers or employees first.
Bad Hours and sometimes rowdy customers
I was a little disappointed to hear that there is no Christmas bonus program for retail employee's. Dealing with angry customers can be frustrating.
If you aren't into the Apple culture it can be a hard place to work.
expects you to have an open work environment
No work/life balance, you will be forced out the door if they decide they don't like you
• Too much outside hiring for Management positions • Excessive "Apple Speak" trumps telling you like it is • Between Holidays and Product Launches "needs of the business" at times is an overuse • Staffing rarely matches the demands of the business
They cared more about numbers than personal experience. I left Apple because I worked very late. I am a small girl that lives in a bad neighborhood so working until 3 am was not safe for me. I wasn't able to move into Daytime shifts until My one-to-one was at 12%..I had 10%!
The pay is horrible when you consider how much money an average employee brings in. Most of management has no idea what they're doing. Store leaders are almost always out of touch with their employees and their store in general. Some people think you can get into corporate through Apple retail...Yeah that almost never happens. You will be forced to deal with some of the rudest customers I've ever seen. Apple really shot themselves in the foot back in the day when they offered free iPhone replacements on a regular basis for issues such as liquid damage, so it makes it tough to explain to customers that Apple doesn't do that anymore. It makes it tougher to sell Apple Care + and to tell a customer that it's going to be $250 to replace their iPhone 5s that they dropped in the toilette. If you have the opportunity to work at the genius bar, you will be expected to see one customer every ten minutes for mobile devices (ipad, iphone, ipod) and fifteen minutes for computers. When you take into account that Apple wants you to build a relationship with the customer, acknowledge their issue, assure them you'll do your best to get them out quickly and happy, and fix the issue, it's a difficult task to always stay on time. Your team is judged by being on time, getting great feedback from the customers who come in, availability at the genius bar, and even how long it takes to repair the computers you have. It's a lot to keep up with. Some stores have ridiculous standards for how many hours or days you must be available to work. At my old store, if you were full time they expected you to have completely open availability. So let's say you can work 40+ hours a week but you have to pick up your kid at a certain time every day so you show "unavailable" for that time, nope, gotta be part time.
50% of the people u work with will NOT be excellent. That number has significantly increased since I first started ...
Most of the entry level positions are not compensated well enough for their qualifications and what they contribute
Long hours. Poor on-boarding. Sink or swim philosophy. Excessive intra-mural secrecy inhibits effective collaboration. Rushed schedules. Explosive growth of the workforce.
No guarantee for 40 hours/week
Cons can vary depending on the store you are in. For some stores, micromanaging happens more than it should. Although there are guides in place, the work/life balance is ignored for larger profits.
Bad localization in China, which is a very special market where customized strategy is inevitable.
Unable to move up in the company
Demanding customers, demanding management, and just extremely busy. You can't be passive, you have to move fast. Not for everyone.
Managers are overworked and underpaid in retail stores. Usually there are only 2 managers to supervise a staff of 70-100 people. They can barely manage to talk to all 70 people in a shift let alone support them and think strategically about the work that they are doing  Managers are pushed to be on the floor at all hours which then means they can't meet with me for development, or hire people, or plan strategically, or even just do something fun with us.  By default managers then run from fire to fire and then they quit after a few years realizing this is what Apple Retail is going to continue to be.  Apple has three levels of in store leadership the store leader, the senior manager, and the manager. Frankly I don't see a lot of difference between the three and I would think that you would. In fact I have a manager that I think would do a better job of being a store leader than our store leader. At the very minimum he is better than both of the senior managers.  I am sure there is a difference in pay at each level but because he wasn't part of Gap brands before he came to Apple or some other retailer they put him into entry-level leadership.  Come on every one knows that retail isn't known for it's professionalism so bringing people from other retailers just serves to perpetuate that.
no real free time, work/life management
Very culty. Pretends to be focused on employees when they clearly aren't.
Poor management training. No advancement if you can't brown nose. No work life balance.
None really. I guess I can say support from management depends on location and how long a manager has been with the company. New managers have a tendency to look out more for themselves rather than work together with their employee.
Lots of managers who did not graduate through the company
Work/Life balance full-time is at a minimum. You work over 40 hours a week in most cases and most employees also commute far to get to work.
Poor pay considering almost everyone there had a college degree and had to have a working knowledge of tech retail and consumer tech. Difficult to advance. Managers were really a mixed bag, some it was their first management job & they would micro-manage a ton, others were fantastic. Because most of the staff tends to be just graduated or still in college, it can be a fairly immature environment with a fair amount of juvenille gossip.
work/life balance but that is tough with retail in general.
Busy at all times of the day
It can be highly demanding, especially during the holiday seasons. But overall, they're a great company to work for and learn from.
Previous store leader promoted new employees, overlooking outstanding employees who had been there for years. favoritism...
Limited career opportunities Can be very stressful trying to satisfy and help customers while adhering to company policies Extensive corporate policies can limit ability to assist customers No performance-based incentives Very strict work schedule adherence (to the minute) Always feel like you are being watched
Workaholic work environment, not good for employee's with families, not much understanding of family emergency, etc.
Horribly Misguided Management, Tons of Bureaucracy, Nothing Gets Done, No Clear Direction, Uninspired, Often Too Proud to Admit When Heading in the Wrong Direction
I entered under the college student program, so I was limited in progression. I'd recommend applying regularly if possible to other people.
Self-reflection and criticism is good, too. Feedback is emphasized, but there are types of feedback that can be less than welcome.
For the amount of money I make the company, I'm not compensated very well.
- Extremely high burnout rate. Some products have teams where the overwhelming majority of people (>60%) have been at the company less than 3 years (high turnover). Hearing that someone has been at Apple for 5 years is rare and garners respect/admiration. - Zero work-life balance. Expect to work until late every night and then be “on-call” to answer emails/calls at any hour. If in Operations, expect to work both California and Asia working hours in the same day (9am-1am). - Travel a lot to be on-site. Essential but draining. When you fly overseas, it’s expected that you land in the morning so you can work the second you get there. When you fly home, it’s expected that you take a flight to land in SFO at 8am so you can be at work that day. Also, common for last minute travel. Had a couple instances of getting a call on Saturday and was on a flight to Asia on Sunday. Stay there until job is done. - 90 days a calendar year is the limit to be in a certain Asian country for business purposes. “Strongly recommended” that employees apply for a work-permit/visa so that you can stay there longer. - Extremely fast paced. Very common to get an email/text on a Sunday afternoon and it’s expected that you have a presentation done and sent by dinner time (Sunday night Pacific time is Monday morning in Asia). - Working with Asia means getting calls at all hours. - Lots of politics between teams/orgs. Some teams (Industrial Design and Product Design especially) are higher in the totem pole and treat the other teams with annoyance (at best) to belittlement (“Just get it f***ing done, Engineering PMs! I don’t care about supplier capabilities.”).
New layers of bureaucracy can make doing your actual job more challenging
Working in customer service is never all rainbows, but no cons for the company.
It is incredibly busy all the time
Have none at the moment
One of the downsides is the way they determine headcount and when we need to hire and staff up. It always felt that the store was staffed at bare minimum to be able to get through a high-traffic day. It was common that many employees wanted to pull their hair out at the end of the day!
Customers feel entitled and will do anything to try to get their way.
Locked into part time unless you really excel and can apply for a full-time position - not really a "con" but if you goal is steady, full-time employment , it can take a very long time to get.
Long hours, direct retail sales can be tiring. Apple has a specific manner of selling and developing new business that is very different than traditional business development.
It is a corporate place to work.
- Heavy workload, especially during the holidays - Working on Black Friday - Potentially rude customers - High-demand items not in stock during new releases
There is a high burnout rate. Months of sleepless nights and obsessing over the smallest things. Some departments rule by fear.
Constant shifting in policies and work flow hurts the employees more than anything
Very fast passed work, expect to be moving very quickly.
-in AppleCare, major career advancement opportunities must be sought out (on a regular job sight) and even then are somewhat limited.
The retail store can get over crowded.
Start-up type environment, territorial at the upper levels, little room for upward career growth. Older demographic than facebook, google, etc so people are more even keeled.
Next to impossible to move up.
Takes a bit too much time to be recognized for past career experience. Apple has incredible talent at their finger tips but moving up is very competitive and sometimes just not going to happen.
Availability of staff and hours
Hours and vacation isn't great. Customers suck.
A lot of work compare to other places that I have worked for...
my middle management was capricious and unkind. some personalities are on the fighter pilot level.
Retail Hours, No Formal Ongoing Training for Creatives, No Trip to Cupertino or Ireland for Training at Apple Camp for Store Creatives,
The skills you learn are great, but as soon as you start becoming the long standing member at your store, you will start to understand the business too well and want to jump to conclusions. Customers are the worst and they make you feel bad for decisions the company made about a product that you had no control over. Even the Genius Bar has existed for 10 or so year, customer still come in without an appointment and then blame you why they don't have one.
In the retail sector, shifts can be inconsistent so flexibility is important. Takes a bit longer to transfer between certain roles.
This entire Enterprise organization from the inside sales group to the field is mismanaged. The management team has been in place for a long time and is best described as complacent. The work environment is both hostile and demeaning. I would strongly recommend avoiding this organization.
The company was not willing to work around your schedule. Most companies are not willing to do so, but if you are going to school there will be a point where you have to use vacation just to attend class during the day. I ran out fairly quickly, and eventually had to quit because all my classes were during the day. They help pay for school, but don't help working around the schedule.
Retail hours are no fun.
Hours can be bad, customers can be rude, not allowed to talk to other employees at all on the floor.
Not paid enough for the work that's asked. Management sometimes are on different pages.
Very limited growth potential. Repetitive.
People always watching you. There are people that want to put you down. No respect for contractors. Tough work.
Competitive, uncooperative atmosphere. Pay isn't great. Unless you are in engineering, the work is not any more interesting than any other company.
Not for the lazy or faint of heart. Financial remuneration is okay, but not stellar. No bonuses or commissions.
AppleCare Advisor should be given a chance to retake an exam.
You are mainly dealing with 3rd party retailers. Meaning you have no authority to make any real decisions but you are still required to make them. You play a role where sometimes the in-store management team treats you like a store employee and not a partner (vendor). You don't deal with your own apple co-workers as much as you would like.
It's busy. All. The. Time.
I cannot think of any right now
At the end of the day, it's retail.
- Hard to internally grow into management - Too touchy-feely at times - Managers pulled in too many directions
Needs more internal promotions for employees
Long hours during project launches and work/life balance takes a backseat at some points
- In the retail aspect of this company there is no room for growth - Weekends and hours sometime can be rough
The pay is very low Retail hours are tough, and there is almost no flexibility with scheduling It is a real challenge to switch from part-time to full-time It takes some time to move up, and each promotion is not a huge increase in pay Bureaucracy and corporate mentality
The interview process was long, but overall, it is worth it because they are so high on customer service
Stores constantly stay busy but besides that it is a great place to work, go apply now it's absolutely wonderful and great and terrific and the best job ever that you could ask for
Part-time specialists are the grunts and over-worked low class of the store. Boot-licking by some PT RedZone specialists to get full time positions. Lack of growth into management or corporate. It is next to impossible or aspire to get transferred to corporate...don't even dream of it. The management at my retail store location is god-awful partial. Your numbers and Net Promoter scores are watched and only used when you have negative results but positive results are not used in promotions or job assignments. Management play favorites and are most often than not very discriminatory. I know my store is an anomaly and I wish corporate take a look and they will be shocked about what goes on here. It is a fiefdom!! Play ball, know your place and maybe you'll get promoted.
You really top out after 2 years and if you aren't interested in management, go somewhere else. If you are interested in a career in technology, stay for a bit but take your obtained skills elsewhere.
medium salary and commission, difficult to move to other divisions (from Education Sales)
I struggle to find any true complaints with the company. Certain people could've been better vetted for positions in the interview process but as a whole the company is great to work for.
lower than good pay but decent
No a whole lot of pay and advancement is pretty difficult.
theres a consistent level of learning as you go and walking into situations with little or no background info.
there are a lot of smart guys here
Incredibly stingy for such a high-value company. Below-market compensation because of the desirability of the brand. Will let you work yourself to death—work/life balance is abysmal. Too much work and not enough people—unless you repeatedly raise a red flag or leave, they will never give you more people and will try to take some away to work on new initiatives. The commute is horrific.
Their are times where the customer experience comes at a high cost to the employee experience.
Expect to deal with a lot of ambiguity and shift gears in the dark. Some in-between senior management are a disappointment.
- The environment can be stressful at times
I wish the iPhone screens were larger
This varies greatly department by department, but while most departments offer great team spirit, you can find yourself in a department with less motivation.
Bureaucracy. Managers of managers and employee reviews of employee reviews. Stupid customers (comes with the tech territory). You will never move past your position into management. That is not a path that is possible, if thats what you are looking for, be a manager at Best Buy then apply to apple. They do not promote from within for those roles.
If you don't like meeting high expectations to perform then this will not be the job for you.
Critical thinking/questioning of the rules/status quo/"business as usual" is not encouraged. Each shift was incredibly draining - spending eight hours in this kind of retail environment demanded being 100% present 100% of the time. Opportunities for personal development were few and far between, despite management touting otherwise.
Spoiled, privileged customers, coupled with severely underpaid and overworked employees working inconsistent hours in a constantly noisy and crowded store. Along with intentionally prohibitive management on corporate career paths provides very little incentive, motivation and morale for employees to care about anything.  Tim Cook and his board runs a tight ship, makes the company profitable and has no need to care about expendable retail employees. No matter how its employees are treated, Apple Retail will always be the shining beacon to those who have never worked within its walls.  I will never work retail, ever again.
Company does not provide enough movement after you climb the latter, slim to no chance at management even though mangers think you should be one.  It's not an adult grown up job as they don't have a place for that mindset of a person, but great if your in collage and looking for a job.
Compensation is low which leads to talented people exiting when they would have preferred to stay.
low pay, not easy to move up the ladder
Apple Retail is still the little brother of Apple Corprate. Compensation is adequate and can be improved. At times the expectations of customers can negativley effect your experiences.
Management is inconsistent about expectations, promotions are rare, extremely high stress, low guidance for initiatives, certain markets require "open availability" making college impossible while working.
Not a lot of room for advancement. There are just so few jobs in the store and have to be relocatable to move forward.
The Corporate culture is creeping in more, changes.
People who start in retail get stuck there. It is impossible to jump to Corporate from Retail. Its easier to quit and reapply.
Tough to get on board due to high demand.
- Meetings where you could cut the tension with a knife. - Profanity is okay at any time. - More work than can be done in a 40 hour work week. - If you're a woman and work in engineering, but you're not a programmer, be prepared to be lonely. - If you don't respond to emails received on nights and weekends, you're left behind. - Arrogant company culture. They expect you to treat your job like you're employee #10 in a start-up. - No work/life balance. - Dysfunctionally secretive. Little to no guidance to new employees. - Co-workers pass you in the hallway and don't acknowledge your existence.  If you enjoy a competitive work environment where meetings get tense, and the company takes itself very seriously, with long hours, then you'll be okay.
I then had to watch those people get burned out after Apple stopped opening new stores (in the US) or expanding Genius teams. We keep hiring "retail" managers instead of people who are passionate about the brand and about technology in general.
Asking for time off is like talking to a deaf ear, as is trying to get them to work with any scheduling restrictions. They don't work well with students or people with other commitments like families.
Metric goals were focused on more than anything (mind you this was 2 years ago) but it felt a little unrealistic given how many customers come in
Pay is only decent, again, decent. There is NO chance of advancement in retail, you hear a few cinderella stories but the kid selling macbooks isn't going to Cupertino anytime soon.
You sometimes get lost in the sea of employees, and don't get recognized for accomplishments. Your career growth is completely on you. If you're not the type to seize every opportunity, expect to be in the same position for a long time
Some training can feel rushed at times, but still effective. Forced socialization a few times of year, but nothing unbearable.
High Stress, long hours, too much security
•Overwhelmingly stressful workflow, with an insufficient amount of staff to complete given task. •Little to no advancement from a retail to corporate level.
After a certain point, the potential to develop beyond your existing role became seemingly impossible. I was promoted twice and then hit the "glass ceiling" in my development.
The only thing I can recall is sometimes management would seem to candy coat things a little too much, almost overly optimistic or robotic.
It is acceptable for people to be demeaning to employees because they are too much of an asset to lose. Unwilling to pay for performance.
Difficult to move up. Interactions with customers can be trying. Understaffed and overworked. Hours can feel long and are inconvenient to a proper work life balance.
Slow movement within the company, low compensation.
answering the phone all day gets very repetitive not moving from chair all day Overtime during holidays can get excessive
Difficult to move up Too many steps to get a better position.
No strong leadership Work campus is old Innovation is slow
- None really, everything seems to be great so far
Very selective, I had to apply twice before I was hired. New products (or any information on them) aren't released to employees ahead of time so you have to learn everything about them up to five minutes before you start selling them.
Black friday is a long day.
Lots of politics, little control over business, tons of entitled customers and employees.
Ambitious managers with not much technical background, low integrity and lots of politics
Irregular Work Hours Politics CLOPENS (leave 11PM come back at 7PM) Credo is just words. They don't live it.
With all the talent around out I found it very hard to be original
Management will not encourage you to think differently. Thinking Differently is how Apple innovates their products, not how they run a retail business.
As with any company, there are parts of it that are amazing, and then parts that are not as amazing. IS&T falls in the 'not so amazing' category. Employee development is mediocre at best, pay is lacking and the charm of stock is elusive. There are a lot of fiefdoms, a lot of obscure politics, and parts of the organization lack the Apple culture that you would expect or hear while on the outside. A director, having come from another bay area company, had hired others within management from the same bay area company. There seemed to be quite a bit of favoritism within this clique - didn't look like people moved up the ladder if they weren't a part of the clique.  Working from home is generally frowned upon and discouraged. The occasional working from home is ok but the expectatation is that you are in the office (why else would you build a multi-billion dollar HQ?).  IS&T heavily relies on outsourced vendors to do the heavy lifting and this can grow frustrating as you spend most of your time interacting with non-Apple employees. As a result of this, the diversity is lacking and there is an endless line of replaceable Indian resources. It's very impersonal at times - if you don't like one of them, pick another, like a box of infinite tissues. Constantly working with replaceable resources prevents one from developing any meaningful working relationships. There are stretches where you hardly interact with other 'badged' Apple employees. Many in management have moved over to Apple from one of these vendors, and bring with them a different work culture which at times takes away from the Apple culture. Apparently, it's ok for customers to email Tim Cook, or Steve Jobs when he was around, but god forbid that an employee emails an executives admin (not even an executive, but their admin) inquiring about the most benign of things. Hell shall break loose, and you will forever be marked as "that guy". All of a sudden, the backside of the fence doesn't seem to be painted as nicely as the front side.  Performance reviews are an absolute joke. If you are too technical and lack the business/management aspects they will tell you that you need to grow your business acumen and management capabilities. If your strengths are management but you lack technical skills, they will tell you that you need to strengthen your technical skills. Needless to say, there is next to no process in place, or employee development to help you grow in whatever area they think you need focus on. This is just a tactic - draw attention to your weaknesses then provide no means to improve them, thus justifying your paltry merit increase. While you are told you will get a bonus, additional stock - if you aren't in the right group or have the right 'people managers' batting for you, you are screwed. Many in management have no business being managers as they do absolutely nothing to help those under them grow professionally. At the end of the day, it's an attitude of 'be grateful, you work for Apple'...unfortunately, this just isn't enough justification to stick around long term for some.  IS&T also has this extremely poor and chaotic funding process for capital projects. It may have worked very smoothly when Apple was much smaller, but it does not scale well at all and creates absolute mayhem. It's a process that begs the need for a six sigma type approach to correct it, or get a bunch of consultants (real consultants, not offshore) in there to help streamline it. Many of the challenges they face, such as a diluted culture resulting from an overabundance of offshore resources can be directly attributed to a poor planning and funding process. Also, projects that are deemed 'sexy' are the ones that get approved, the ones that are on senior managements presentations, and the ones that you have to be a part of to really get any recognition. If you are on an 'operational' project', even those that are business critical, and it's not a 'sexy' project - you will more than likely be sidelined when it comes to merit increases/performance reviews.
no issue. good company to work for
-It is just another retail job sometimes. -There is 0% chance to go to corporate. -Hours are rough (Close the store at 11, back at 8:30am)
Travel a lot, long working hours. Tough work life balance
There is very little work life balance and the perks are not as good as other companies.
Can be difficult to stand out or advance with so many people working in the same store, very strict rules on sticking to the "Apple way of doing things"
Managers often place their own bonus structure above adherence to company policies and employee benefits.
It appears they believe that employees love to work for Apple for the products but it's not enough. Rewards are scarce and development is even more scarce. Need to improve mother's room for working moms! (Not enough rooms or poor set up) Food is expensive and buildings are spread apart where parking can also be tough.
VERY political Most entry level managers are not approachable They don't focus on internal promotion, they love hiring management from the outside. Always.
Nothing at all. There reallly isnt anything bad to say
Surprisingly tight on spend for traditional employee perks - no paid home internet, etc. Very political environments and advancement is definitely based on who you know, hard workers that don't self-promote regularly aren't going to move ahead and one misstep can blacklist your advancement for years.
Management. Customers are entitled savages.
Ideal place for young people who don't have a family life.
The stores are still very corporate and employees are frequently treated like children. Constant bag checks, clocking in is a hassle, and long hours on your feet. All of it would be worth it, but they barely pay over minimum wage! For the amount of information you are required to know and the crazy customers you deal with on a daily basis, they should definitely pay more.
The pay isn't great, and the shifts change often. Perfect for young, unmarried without children.
Starting to get somewhat political
- Security and privacy border paranoia (for good reason) - Less agile than smaller companies - Scattered campuses make cross-department meetings a challenge when commuting to different buildings
A lot of corporate kool-aid
-Corrupted Corporation. -Very robotic, no recognition.
Hectic work/life balance, difficult to take days off when needed, sometimes overwhelming.
retail hours, pay could be better, work load continues to grow with no new tools to resolve it
Retail has a glass ceiling that is very challenging to break through. Very hard to grow your career from retail to corporate
• Having a lot of secrets to keep • The campus is very spread out just now
Interview process taking too long
The culture listed above does not apply to management. Overtime is required as you will spend 40+ Hours on the floor creating that culture, so the tasks necessary for running the store/department will be done before or after your shift.
That at apple you are surrounded by many talented people standing out is always hard
- Some of the higher-ups are just Apple dinosaurs who have been promoted over time for what appears to be loyalty and relationships alone. Quite a few don't have the capability to understand what they are managing and regularly make poor decisions. Engineering is the only profession I know of where this disconnect can be so vast... ever heard of a chief of staff at a hospital who wasn't a physician? - Managers can manage with an iron fist due to the legacy of Steve Jobs and for some, he the only management role model they have. Works if you are him and CEO, not so much if you're director level. Lately this is being improved upon with frequent re-orgs. - People keep saying how everyone is an "A" player, but this isn't really true. Have worked with smarter people elsewhere. - No opportunity to publicly discuss your work, or get involved with academic research - Secrecy can get in the way
The explosive growth over the last five years means that some of the middle management imports aren't really invested in the culture. Beware the big company 'experienced' managers who get brought in at the director level, it's a mixed bag.
Inept managers, carrot on stick mentality, difficult to get straight answers from higher ups
Wish was full time all the time, not just when busy.
Pay not great, schedule not great, but it is retail after all. Environment may be changing. Hooe the new head of retail doesn't lose focus on customer first versus bottom line. It is NOT chicken or egg. Customer service needs to be priority 1. The rest will continue to happen.
Sub par management, very basic individuals
Engineering and product side of the house is much more organized and functional than the internal IT side of the house. Internal IT outsourcing model does not and will not continue to work.
Your pay will never be as good as your friends who have "real jobs" and no longer work retail after college. It does not matter if you work for the almighty "Apple" it is still retail. No matter how well you perform you will still only get 3-5% increase each year. Some managers come from retail clothing companies and places like Bed Bath & Beyond and have no idea what they are doing or anything about technology.This is not always the case, but most are clueless. When working retail you just have to accept that your hours suck and that you will never earn a good salary.
Sometimes you work like a slave cause you are in retail and in one of the greatests companies in the world that sells the best electronics yet customers will come at you from every angle and expect you to help them out
Always on your feet. Stressful. Schedule constantly shifts.
Customers get annoying but thats the nature of retail, it gets boring, it's not challenging after about 8 months.
Politics exist within this company
Overworked and politics go into about every decision in regards to promotions.
challenging, does not have a well work-life balance
a lot of piloting new management ideas that never work out...i guess becuase they are still growing and trying to figure how to make experiences better.
Sometimes it can be very busy inside of the Apple store which can wear you down and make you very tired by the end of the day.
Very secretive, information sharing is on a need-to-know basis.
Lost sight of their core value "our core is our people" I started working at Apple in 2007 and boy have things changed! It has gotten more and more corporate and more and more dehumanizing focusing more on policies and proceedures than the wellbeing of the employees. The daily foot traffic in the store is immense! The climate can be very emotionally overwhelming, loud, and overly stimulating...yeah you are probably thinking I am some sensitive shmuck! But the daily traffic gets overwhelming when you are responsible for dealing with angry customers daily in an environment where you have little support! Managers are inconsistent in implementing company policy, constantly making exceptions for customers who scream and disrespect employees. THERE IS NEVER ENOUGH EMPLOYEES ON THE FLOOR!! BUT MANAGEMENT EXPECTS US TO HELP 4-6 PEOPLE AT ONCE TO MAKE UP FOR IT. LASTLY, moving up in the company is extremely difficult! there are many lateral promotions that warrant no pay raise, but managers are extremely inconsistent in their reasoning for promoting people. You could have perfect numbers and attendence but they will give the promotion to someone who has worse numbers but just sucks up to them more and they will give you a lame reason such as "we think you need to work on your peer to peer relationships" (happened to several of my co-workers) THERE ARE NO REAL BEARRINGS FOR PROMOTIONS. AND MOST "PROMOTIONS" ARE LATERAL AND ALLOW YOU TO WORK HARDER AND DO MORE IN THE STORE WITHOUT GETTING PAID A CENT MORE...THEY HAVE A REALLY WONDERFUL WAY OF TRICKING YOU INTO FEELING LIKE YOU SHOULD BE THANKFUL AND HAPPY THEY GRANTED YOU WITH THIS OPORTUNITY!!! AND THEN DURING THE REVIEW THEY WILL COMMENT ON HOW YOU DON'T SMILE ENOUGH IN YOUR NEW ROLE AND THEY ARE WORRIED YOU ARE GETTING BURNED OUT................AFTER GETTING YELLED AT BY A CUSTOMER EVER HOUR THAT DOESNT WANT TO OBIDE BY THE COMPANY POLICY, AND THEN AFTER THAT CUSTOMER SCREAMS AT YOU AND DEMANDS A MANAGER THE MANAGER GIVES THEM EXACTLY WHAT THEY WANT! MAKING YOU LOOK LIKE THE BAD GUY WHEN THEY TOLD YOU TO UPHOLD COMPANY POLICY! IT CAN BE HARD TO KEEP SMILING! BUT WHEN AN EMPLOYEE NEEDS AN EXCEPTION MADE FOR THEM???OOOOHHHH NOOOOO....THE POLICY IS WAY MORE IMPORTANT THEN!!! They say they want to give you more personal development training time but you have to FIGHT for it!  ONE MORE THING! The corporate availability requirements! you are forced to give 29 hours of open availability and they can ether give you 5 hours a week or the full 29....you cannot request to work more or less. THEY ARE SEVERELY INCONSIDERATE AND UNFLEXIBLE ABOUT PERSONAL AND FAMILY EMERGENCIES! IF YOUR GRANDMA DIES AND YOU CANT GET YOUR SHIFT COVERED IN TIME OH WELL! YOU WILL RECIEVE AN ATTENDENCE POINT EVEN IF YOU NOTIFIY THEM A WEEK IN ADVANCE! EVERYTHING IS DONE BY A COMPUTER...ALTHOUGH MANAGEMENT HAS OVERRIDING POWERS THEY WILL SELDOM MAKE EXCEPTIONS AND JUST SAY "SORRY THE COMPUTER ALREADY SCHEDULED YOU...I HOPE YOU FIGURE SOMETHING OUT!"
I cannot think of any cons.
MOST MANAGEMENT Apple hires 99% of managers externally, internally expect to stick around for years before promotion unless you're in a new store You will not have a life
Closed mouth will not get fed. Don't look to be discovered for you hard work if you are not consistently tooting your own horn or volunteering. Perfection at its best, not for slackers. Be careful of what you say and do, there is no such thing as a secret between co workers word travels fast.
The expectations they have you contrasted with their unwillingness to further your career is unbelievably frustrating. Being a part-timer gives you little to no ability to move within the company. You are happy when people leave, because you know they are off to somewhere better. The pay is good enough to keep low motivated liberal art graduates around, but not enough to make you want to stay. It is impossible to make a career there unless you want to be a manager. And I don't know why youd want to.
Micro-management to the highest level. Expect perfection in anything and everything you do. Too much report and status and not enough time for engineering.  Highly dependent on organization....
Little care about the employee at the retail store. Too much talk about how they care and very little to show it. Employees at Apple retail have become disposable commodities which has resulted in a revolving door. Market managers and above simply do not care.
The ceiling is lower than most would be able to appreciate on a local scale.
Under constant scrutiny and surveillance.
Noise level in store, snobby customers. I experienced hearing loss after working at apple. In addition, many customers may be very selfish, rude, and inconsiderate with their repair demands.
Challenging customers, heavy workloads, a lot of ambiguity
Management is inconsistent in direction, advice, and level of knowledge (or lack thereof). They're sneaky in phrasing pep talks as though everybody is up for a promotion, but like many lesser companies, the promotions go to the butt-kissers not the hard workers. Bitter? Who, me?
Retail managers from clothing stores and food establishments
Little chances to move up in the company. Very sale's driven environment, takes all the fun out of the job. Sell Sell Sell! Customers are not a priority.
It's pretty stressful. Even if it is the best position in retail aside from Genius.
Long hours at work . no work from home
The managers definitely choose favorite. If you're not in their clique you have little to no chance of moving into a different position. The managers act to much like friends to everyone. They go out for drinks and get high with the people they favor. 98% of people were pot heads and smelled like weed or were high while they were at work. Some managers would try to micro-manage I thought they paid well up until I realized how much work was being piled on us. At first I thought their values and what we were taught were awesome but then I realized we Were like minions You constantly have to train on irrelevant stuff. It's like going to school
No room for growth or any type of way to move up into corporate culture.
Long hours, Micro management, small office
I was apart of the at home agent program that was expanded into the southeast and the pay was not desirable.
None As of this moment
Retail hours and late night shifts
Definitely a little brainwash-y in terms of internal marketing, have to put in a LOT of work keeping stores visually standard, some tasks can be frustrating (dealing with cell phone carriers in particular)
Management is all over the place. It started out being about the customer experience, and then it became more about the numbers and sales. If you can't get numbers in sales, don't expect to get anywhere if you're working retail, regardless of what position you want. They only care about getting people in and out with the most expensive stuff. Oh, and they definitely don't care about you or how you express yourself. Be prepared to groom yourself to the standards they expect, even though the company is so-called "accepting of diversity."
They try to work you tell you drop then find a new person to fill your place. Some grate management and some vary bad ones that hire more like them.
Very clique like. Management challenges. The classic too many chiefs not enough indians. Very demanding sales goals in comparison to pay. Very school like policies and procedures.
Corporate: there is inherent ambiguity in how responsibility was maintained which made the job challenging. Retail: troubleshooting our own devices while repairing relationships with customers on a tight schedule is a nightmare to walk into on a daily basis.
- In some departments, metrics tend to be the main focus - Constant changes may not be for everyone - Sometimes innovation comes in the form of drastic change in tools, procedures or standards of operation
People are more often than not against you before you've even seen them or said hello. You must constantly balance the conflicting weight of good service/final resolution to how quickly you can get to the next person in queue. People will treat you like you're an idiot, mean, or vindictive constantly while on the job. Many people will never grasp how to solve the problems they cause, but blame the product, company, & you for.
The outsourcing model to contractors from the lowest-bidding vendors is more of a management drain than a benefit. The struggle to corral a horde of barely-competent people and get something accomplished is frustrating, and the overhead is plenty of waste.
I really don't have anything negative to say about my time at Apple. I am thankful for the experiences and the relationships I have.
Consistently AWFUL in providing a clear path for advancement.
Stressful and time consuming for college students but a great company overall
It's a very legacy driven environment. They haven't changed their ways and aren't interested in how the rest of the world operates.
Company used to be more adventurous.
Their relationships with other companies are hard to deal with at times. Many hoops to jump through. It can be difficult to branch out without doing things they would not approve of.
their aren't any any thin negative to say about the company
Not a lot of room to advance. Managers just promote their favorites. Expected to do things that are not in your job title. Not a good place to have a career (despite them telling you it is over and over).
The compensation versus the amount of work that is required does not encourage lasting employment. Once you've moved as high up as you can (short of a management position), there's not a lot of opportunities to develop yourself and do something new. Most Apple corporate jobs require a lot of prior experience that cannot be obtained in a retail store. The hours are also rough, but that's an unavoidable aspect of working in a mall.
The only con I have is during holiday, they do not respect what days you need off.
There are none. The incredible Apple culture truly recognizes and values their employees' passions. An entire company that legitimately encourages oneself because of the positive impact it may have on the entire community will always have pros that far outweigh any con.
Work is the main focus of your life
Lack of transparency due to secrecy, under built stores considering excessive traffic and revenue, less than sophisticated systems considering A technology company, can be too results focused
Privacy of information taken a bit too far and information can become power Mid-level management is ok with some long-term entrenchment there Does not value differing approaches and skills other than apple culture Flat organizationally with little room to move up
Candidates beware - most Java development jobs at Apple are actually SRE jobs with 24/7 pager rotation, multiple conference calls on Thanksgiving and Christmas and management taking it for granted that you have to promptly answer phone calls every time of day or night. Now, production monitoring jobs obviously have their place and are necessary in every company. Generally speaking, those should be non-exempt positions that pay overtime and give time off for extra hours. In Apple, it is more like software engineers are expected to work an uncompensated second job with no recognition or benefits.  But most importantly, a company must be as honest and upfront about the nature of each job as a candidate is expected to be about his/her skills. Instead both myself and candidates who were considered after me were actively misled about need to be on-call or spend months manually installing software rather than writing code. This is really a classless act for the worlds richest software company that takes pride in its image and could easily afford to hire extra people to do production support on sane terms.  I should also add that Apple has the most dysfunctional internal transfer process I have seen in my life. I don't blame you if you still want to work on iOS after reading this review, but beware that you will NOT be able to take some other position and then transfer to iOS after building up internal creds. If you work for Apple, but have skills and desire to work on actual Apple products rather than backend, you must quit Apple first.
No cons, cant really think of any, friendly environment
So much talent that it's hard to move up. Lots of passion, so it takes a lot of energy. And for all the incredible customers you work with, there's always one or two crazies that take the wind out of your sails.
It is a retail job. That is a big negative.
— It's easy get bored if you don't have the right attitude or become indolent — It's difficult to move up if you don't really try hard/expect to be given opportunities (nothing special from any other job) — Working with the public can sometimes be difficult, especially given our demographic — When there is negativity, it shows, and it is difficult to work around
Some managers could be a little overbearing, too many employees for personal attention, large corporate buy-in-to-the-culture style
Can't think of any at the moment.
By comparison to other silicon valley companies, neither the benefits nor the compensation are as good
If you work retail, you will run the risk of being branded as retail if you stay for too long, making lateral moves harder.
It's still retail and you will deal with sometimes crappy customers and sometimes crappy managers.
Low Pay, you have to drink the kool-aid to fit in.
Brainwashing, brainwashing, brainwashing and guess what? More brainwashing!!!
Have a bonus program for your specialists.
They say that people are their greatest asset. They pay horribly low and increases are pathetic at best. Specialists often fill in the gaps of other positions in the store for extended periods of time, years without getting the actual position and the the increase that should go along with it. Super high turnover rate. Most come in super stoked that they got hired by this amazing company that makes the best products in the world. They often get fed up and or jaded and wind up leaving. This is a great job for a collage student and looks great on a resume.
You will not go from retail to corporate headquarters, period. Employee development helpful for your next job, but purely a retention tool and not meant to help you advance within Apple. Indescribable anxiety throughout company- a little bit like middle school with the he-said, she-said over analyzing of employees. Lots of talk about ownership, but no trust and none given to employees. Depending on store, management can be very top-down and condescending. Hire incredibly smart people, but treat them like children. ASLP program great in concept, but still developing. Family Room testing on employee morale- time limits on repairs very idealistic and the customer experience suffers as a result.
Not the best paying job in this neighborhood. If you are a research minded engineer or scientist, there isn't much research kind of work. The downside of making extremely polished products is that half of the development cycle is spent on endless bug fixing and fine tuning.
work pressure is very high, long work hour, secretive culture makes it hard to gain holistic view of a project,
no work-life balance overly demanding management makes unreasonable requests
None that I came across.
very fast pace work environment
Hours and favoritism in employees who did less quality work
Limited opportunity for growth and still retail
Advancement opportunities slim. Must schmooze your way to internal promotions. Must be available to work 7 days a week. Retail hours. Work/life balance not the best. Pay does not always reflect all the responsibilities given.
Culture on some teams is very closed. I had several coworkers who complained about how quiet it always was, how suffocating it can get. Because secrecy is so important, it's hard to talk about anything you'er working on.
When you create the bubble of self-entitlement and lower the technical barrier of entry to its products, customers tend to expect the world. Anything less than perfection is criticized. Look at the stock prices after product announcements. Look at the general media criticizing Apple for things that other companies such as Microsoft easily get away with. The double-edge sword of success.
- no room to grow - lack of support from management at almost any level - insufficient staffing (i've worked at two different stores) - lack of proper tools to perform job well - always hire to fill management team from external pool rather than looking to your internals - cannot turn to management for support when you're not sure how to do something because management team does not go through basic training - customers are spoiled - company does not know how to say 'no' when appropriate - instead when customer throws a tantrum, they get free stuff to satisfy them. customers who truly appreciate us and really need our help end up walking away with nothing - burn out easily
Retail hell Virtually no advancement opportunities in retail realm Inconsistent hours, late nights, early mornings, all-nighters, weekends Low salary for comparable positions in other companies Extremely negative environment in Support
The store can be sort of clique-y and standoff-ish at times. Business team quotas were a bit much and turn out to be awkward and forced a lot of the time.
Difficulty to transition from retail position to corporate even when excelling in a specific field
Stagnant comp, lack of autonomy and control
Apple usually has long interview process.
Internal promotions are rare to none even for top performers. Politics and bureaucracy have taken over, making it nearly impossible to provide feedback to the upper management. The IT support team (IS&T) is filled with incompetent making your life harder when you discover a systemic problem. Many empty promises!
Employees are focused on as a whole, not as an individual. Many individuals are blended together and never get further unless the management team allows, more particularly the store leader.
Will never move up in the company unless you are friends with managers and have a degree.
They say they will hire from within but several times I had jobs that I was in final interviews with go to outside hires.
Too much work, no work-life balance
Dead ends quickly. Not a long future at Apple retail unless you love being a manager of a retail store.
None that I can think of.
This review is of the very toxic IS&T department. Steer clear of this department. The environment is discriminatory... those who are most incompetent get promoted, while the brightest and most hardworking are demoted if they question long-standing traditions or processes. 90% of workers are on H1B visas straight from India. Work is sloppy and timelines are ridiculously fast. There is no focus on or appreciation of quality. The business units for which software is implemented are not seen as important. There is a spirit of secrecy and fear. The department needs a major overhaul in management which should come directly from Tim Cook. The atmosphere is downright disgusting.
So many strong opinions makes for getting things done difficult without the laser focus that we had within the company with S.Jobs at the helm
Working from home can get lonely. Be sure to get out and breath the fresh air once in a while.
Only con would be that I think focusing on lower performers pro's before drilling them for their cons would truly help team development and chemistry of sales culture.
It was a very high stress environment, especially when factoring in the pay that I received. We were always running behind on our appointment times, so customers were often angry.
If you're working in retail below what is referred to as "leadership", upward mobility within retail can be challenging. Work life balance is very challenging, but that's just retail in general.
- Pressured to sell to progress into other non-sales career paths. Especially Apple Care... - A few ingenuine management members. On the surface, they're very personable. But when push comes to shove, you're treated lowly. The fake smiles start to annoy you.
Sometimes its hard to think different, even for those that specialize.
Never a moment to be quiet FAST FAST pace Just when you think you've got it figured out - they change it and then don't tell you You're pushed to produce and make the numbers
Management is awful. At the store I was at there was a complete management about a year into my time there, the new management was almost completely new to Apple and had never worked in technology before. People hired and promoted by the old management team were targeted and slowly forced out. We were forced to work with more people than the company asked us to and we were also forced to put up and air of fake happiness to "keep team morale up". When someone left they were negatively talked about openly by management and if management felt slighted, you were looked over for promotions. Promotions were almost entirely filled with outside hires, this created a negative atmosphere of broken promises and good people languishing in positions they had mastered.
There are times when hours get cut a lot, but they usually don't last long. I was never an "Apple fanboy," but I did love the products. However, it seems like people get hired more on their enthusiasm for apple products than how well they work. A majority of my co-workers had no work ethic whatsoever and were never reprimanded but promoted. It was a very political environment and less than half the employees were actually competent at their jobs. You do have to deal with many different customers, and often times they would take their frustration out on you. Almost every shift had at least one angry customer you have to deal with, even more if you work as a Creative or Genius. Although you get used to it, it's never fun.
No really much bad to say. Only in that launch days can be pretty heinous and you could potentially work upwards of a 16 hour work shift. It is retail so there will be times where you face that one person that hates life, hates Apple, and hates you.
Unrealistic metrics, favoritism among supervisors
* Pretty rigid in process * Middle management became a growing problem (in that more and more middle managers were hired) * Very tight deadlines and media events mean there's no room for error on delivery, the work absolutely needs to be finished on time
The work schedule can be a bit demanding for someone who prefers a work-life balance, but definitely not too intimidating. Also, I wouldn't suggest anyone who isn't people person to work here.
Poor management, poor hours, poor scheduling, poor pay (they will absolutely take advantage of the fact that people love the idea of working for apple and there is no shortage of those who are willing to work for little pay no matter how valuable you are), poor recruiting, poor communication, very little opportunity to move around in company.
If you magically turn into a real human wanting decent benefits, work/life balance and upward mobility none of the above will ever happen - if you are 25+ with 2.3 kids maybe they will consider you for more - but as a young adult you are only considered to be there for so long and in it for an experience versus a career
Micro-Management, no commission, no incentives to push Apple Care or One to One membership
Work LIfe Balance is difficult
Can be difficult to get in without an inside connection.
The only problem I noticed at Apple was the diversity. I am a non-person of color but realized that there weren't many people of color in our intern class. It was quite noticeable especially during our intern events. There were like 5 interns of color out of hundreds of interns. During lunch at main campus, I never did see hardly any people of color sitting at a table. It was kind of odd to say the least. I thought Apple corporate diversity would resemble the retail store diversity. I could tell the interns of color noticed it too. I was talking to one of them and the intern mentioned visiting Google campus and that it was way more diverse. I recently visited Google at lunch for an interview and my friend was right, it’s a totally different feeling. Google’s executive leadership on the website even shows a person of color and a woman. I love Apple but sometimes wondered if it was by design (like their products). As a non-person of color, I felt Apple corporate Intern program could improve on this front. It was obvious that there isn't a voice pushing this in upper management. My 2 cents...
Apple is a big small company, sometimes it was hard to get my individual issue heard and addressed by corporate. When it came to things that effected everyone, however, store management was more than responsive.
- City stores in particular can be incredibly hectic and constantly busy. - Although the culture is great, it can feel a bit like a cult at times. - While pay for specialists on the floor is good compared to other retailers, pay for technicians is below the average pay grade of similarly certified technicians elsewhere.
Need better benefits to compete with other Silicon Valley companies. Not fully transitioned from Steve Jobs days -- risk adverse.
nothing that I can think of
In a crowded retail environment where employees often get sick from their customers / the public, Apple has an attendance policy that severely punishes employees for taking sick days. Because of this, most employees come to work sick [and sometimes injured], especially during flu season and the holidays, to avoid being penalized. This, in turn, gets more people sick. During the holidays, 30-50% of the employees in the store will be at some degree of ill, many repeatedly re-catching illness from other co-workers.  Upwards mobility is limited. Apple often hires outside manager candidates with little or no experience working in the store and places them in a position to manage people far more experience than them. Apple also has policies in place to prevent managers from building a human connection with the people they manage, such as preventing the few internally hired managers from working with previous co-workers, and preventing managers from having any social interaction with non-management employees outside the store. As a result, managers form their own "social click" like the the "cool kids in high school" that is entirely detached from the rest of the store.
Stale atmosphere. No room for advancement. Inflexible.
I interviewed with very junior engineers.
No way of moving up the food chain
It is very hard to move up. Once there are a lot of employees all going for the same positions and it is not always based on merit.
In my time with the company I have not found any disappointments. Everything I was told upfront before hiring was true.
The work is hard. Customers can be downright abusive. Upward mobility can be more political that based on skills at times.
Apple Retail is for people who like a lot of structure..not a place to be creative..managers play favorites..store Leaders are treated like royalty..very top down management..
It's all about the numbers! The emphasis on quality and great experience and ease of use that makes their products fantastic -- does not exist at all as an employee.
Apple offers different pay bands through out the country and the region that I work in is the lowest on the pay scale so someone in my same role may get something much higher just because of where they work. However, cost of living in my hometown is not low so I'm not sure the justification.
Extremely demanding and difficult customers, small and rare raises, difficult to get promoted unless you own it as your goal and work hard on it, w/o relying on managers on rewarding you with the promotion
Very few negatives to speak about.
Micro Management is very poor
It is cult. Without a doubt. It feels like they are brainwashing you when it comes to the culture and product. Management are not real humans they are robots. Not all but most. They use the "Apple lingo" to avoid any real interactions. There will always be a rebuttal. Unrealistic expectations of you (The specialist) This place will make you crazy. It is always busy. Always crowded. You will and I quote develop anxiety at this store. If you have anxiety already I would steer clear from this job. It will be a living nightmare.
Very little chance to move up or sideways in the company. Benefits were amazing when I started and disappeared each passing year.
No work-life balance at the company
Narrow upward mobility within business field. Corporate strategy often trumps the autonomy to take care of customers at street level.
Too much expectation that you work 24/7.
typical retail hours, "interesting" clientele
Highly demanding schedule that can be rough on family, friends, and social life.
Since working with a great company that people look up to, customers feel more dissapointed when things go wrong.
The hours suck and they work you hard and don't pay you very much.
Not for you if you have a problem with occasional overtime.
hours can be long especially during launches. Pay is terrible considering the amount of product you are moving out the doors. Zero opportunity if you are looking for a career.
Typical retail issues: managers unwilling to be flexible with scheduling, a little too much "kool-aid" to drink at times, esp. when managers are discussing metrics (the need to hit AppleCare and MobileMe sales goals at the time, althought MobileMe has been phased out.) VERY little career mobility, even shifting into a Genius role is nearly impossible as a part-time employee.
"Big Brother" product secrecy. Upward movement difficult.
I have found no cons to working for Apple.
repetitive, rude customers, pressure from management
Wild variations between stores. If you're seen as part of a "bad store" or a "bad team," it's almost impossible to gain forward momentum in your career. Stacked rankings mean that you can exceed your goals and still fail to gain sponsorship for career advancement. You won't get fired, but you will get managed out with bad schedules and reduced hours. Leaders are more excited to recruit a senior leader from another company for a junior role at Apple instead of building a bench of talent.
The ancillary departments such as Customer Support do not have really good caliber management or people working there. The management has been there for well over a decade so it's very stagnant.
Tiny cog in a giant machine - very little input on how anything works. Retail is a bit grueling, especially at the scale that Apple does it. Holidays are hard.
The particular store I worked at had very poor management. I was eventually fired even though I had documented evidence of my coworkers harassing me and deliberately trying to get me fired. The manager who fired me refused to transfer me to another store. HR wouldn't reconsider the termination, even after directly explaining the harassment.
The pay sucks unless you are in Executive Management or are a software engineer. You will starve to death unless you are in one of these groups. Also, unless you are age 25 or under, forget it. They do big time age discrimination and don't like to hire seasoned, experienced people aged 40 (or older) when they can pay 11 bucks an hour for a kid.
Great for a retail job but retail jobs still aren't for everyone. Work hours can vary and shifts are exhausting as store traffic is incredibly heavy.
- management too worried about themselves. There is no growth. All lies just to keep you motivated to keep doing well so they capitalize off your talents while they do nothing. 30% of my store ( and long term tenured ) left in the course of 3 months or so. - terrible scheduling - bad quality of life - never two days off in a row.  I worked hard for two years straight and simply ran out of juice and patience. They sucked it right outta me. I never wanted to HAVE to quit!
None, the company is awesome
The work life balance on my team it not what it used to be. Very little time for your family especially if you have young children at home.
No documentation, little/no software engineering process, high expectations/workload.
Current employees are overwhelmed with work. Apple is trying to dramatically grow revenue without growing head count, which can lead to burn out of it's current employees. Additionally, there is not much in terms of a career path.
Establishing a life/work balance of your own. There is always more to be done, finding this balance for oneself - though in essence one is always the master of their own fate.
- High heavy traffic - New Weekly Work Schedule
Fast-paced to the point of stressful, intense secrecy and company speech rules
Where do I begin? Most customers lack basic common sense with electronic gadgets. Then they have the gall to call you a greenhorn and scoff at you because of their ignorance. Highly distasteful attitudes from customers that didn't get their way. I worked in a high end part of town and all the Elites shopped.  I felt that everyone in the Genius Bar area had their head so far up the backside that any new-hire was a complete newcomer and knew absolutely nothing about computers. Very disappointing to work with know-it-alls every day. I will say that there was a nice hazing at first. Instead of the bad hazing, I was treated overly nice for the first three months.  There's a ton of training that is involved when you're first hired on. There's always a push to do it all within a really small amount of time. It's usually always busy in any of the Apple retail stores. When it comes down to the wire, the hustle you like no tomorrow.  Management was somewhat of a disappointment. I have to say that the management is under extreme pressure to do things a certain way, so that is my grain of salt for this situation. Expect them to constantly remind you of "this" and "that." They seemed to be constantly overwhelmed and would forget about lunch breaks, things of that nature.  I didn't like how some of the management would talk down to you. How everything is so beautiful, wonderful, devine and enchanted. How it's a privilege to work for Apple. Apple has the privilege of hiring on some of the most amazing people I've been around.  Being a realist, it is best to be cut and dry. Being talked down to constantly by people that are typically younger than yourself. Not very enjoyable.  It was difficult to advance in the company because of bad management situations. Set schedules for talks were always canceled and most of the folks that were a tutor/mentor would get out of there as soon as they were done with work. Same for me.
None I like all about the company and have no cons o say
No concept of work-life balance.
Upward mobility just isn't there and if it is it isn't based on talent. Don't think you can work your way up, go get the skills, work somewhere else then come in at the position you want. Talented people tend to stagnate. Avoid working in the call center (AppleCare), it's a call center no different than the others: promotions are still customer service positions. Worked there 3 years only 11 promotions from inside the call center to outside of it, however hundreds of promotions to other customer service positions. If your a tech that wants to do help desk that is less technical and more customer service then the job is perfect! Got out of the call center after 3 years and a Ph.D Totally different company than in the call center.
Still a retail environment where sales goals are still a key performance measure no matter how they want to label it. Sugarcoating it with different terminology doesn't change that.
In my opinion there are currently no real down sides to working at Apple, mainly just some minor adjustments to your lifestyle will help an employee to maximize success and enjoyment while working at Apple. You must know how to handle many personalities and be willing to take/give feedback.
Must be able to commit for the entire year including summer which limits opportunities to take internships or pursue outside interests.
Horrible working conditions. I was expected to be creative and innovative but my desk was between the people answering phones and the people on break. Not enough room to breath let alone think!
Will never make enough pay despite modest annual raises.
Grueling work hours, less opportunities to move up
Can be demanding. Rigorous schedules.
Apple is a very large company, and people used to working for startups may find more bureaucracy than they have encountered at other workplaces.
You may be looked at as an outsider if you don't drink the Kool-Aid soon after hire. Your job description changes on a regular basis. And, when new products are to be released, you're not given any training nor advance notice to prepare.
Senior management was infiltrated by retail clothing managers who did not understand technology, were very focused on the fashion they wore each day and their primary skill was often an ability to play court politics.  There is also an almost cult like self-improvement culture. Except senior managers (director level) don't apply it to themselves. So everyone below them should be open to "feedback" at all times, but not if you're in a management role because then you're showing vulnerability and how would that look?
-just another sales job -not enough new opportunities presented - management was sometimes too busy and could not be found when needed.
Most of the cons were due to my own personality, but I was continually stressed by times when I would have to try and make meaningful connections with people who didn't understand technology the way I did. I wouldn't trade the experiences I had there for anything, and I met a lot of really amazing and interesting people, but the amount of time I had to spend explaining things to people that seemed second nature to me required a lot of patience to bridge that gap, and that's not for everybody. Sometimes sporadic nature of how my schedule shifted around got on my nerves, too.
Training was no help. Most training took place while on the job. During training, you are told that you can refer to the next tier, however after a little time on the floor, you aren't allowed to. This leads to unhappy customers. Team Leads and Management too focused on their own individual numbers - this is especially true in CPU.
easy to get lost on the development track
The training is shaky at best, focusing on how to talk to people (which is obviously important) but breezing past a lot of the technical knowledge required to do the job well. During the first month or two on the phones, most advisors are like fish out of water. Nobody seemed to know how to answer most of the tech questions, whom they should contact for a given issue, or which internal procedures applied to which situations. It works itself out with time and experience, but the training should be more thorough before people are put on the phones with customers.  There's a steady stream of calls from people who are ticked off and want troubleshooting help, but don't have AppleCare coverage. You have to tell those people, as nicely as possible, to either buy AppleCare for the device, pay $19 for a single issue, or try to find their own answers on the Apple website. Then, when they decline to pay for support and subsequently aren't happy with the outcome, you receive a 'dissatisfied' survey and get to discuss it with your manager. Dumb.
Flexibility depends on job, customer demography isn't like a walmart customer demography which translate to more angry customers yelling at you with some intelligence.
Apple has an ego.. if you want to work for the company but aren't a "fan" of Apple, it's almost like a cult... people will shun you and mock you for, say, preferring Windows to OSX or having an Android phone instead of an iPhone. This comes from your peers, not management, and doesn't seem to affect raises or promotions or anything --- it's just annoying to see. I'm personally an Apple fanboy so I'm right at home, but I do hate seeing people get picked on for their preferences in tech.
It's a retail job. Unclear path for movement in my store. Little to no full time opportunities. Any full-timer that leaves or gets fired gets replaced with 2 part-time positions. Favoritism for promotions or movement within the company.
Full time employees work five 9-hour shifts per week with a 1 hour break after 4-5 hours, schedules are generally not set, meaning your work schedule may change week to week. When I started working at Apple in 2008, my schedule was set every week, but in 2013 Apple decided to "get away from set schedules to meet the needs of the business". This makes having a personal life and a decent work-life balance nearly impossible.
Customers are crazy and the stores get very busy. Can be overwhelming if you do not watch your work/life balance.
You need to be an absolute junkie to mesh
Not a place that you're going to make a lot of money, long hours with little consideration of personal life
Stressful environment, little potential of advancing out of retail
Inconsistent direction from management People seem to be hired/promoted based on whether they fit the "hip" appearance they are looking for, rather than knowledge or how long they've been with the company. (Note: this may have been limited to the location I worked at - Braintree, MA, retail store)
Lack of internal vertical movement, social drama among employees, lack of realization that this isn't a retail job (in the traditional sense) and thus shouldn't be deemed a retail job when presenting comps in terms of salary/wage.
Silicon Valley is a terrible place to live and work. Real estate prices are way over the top. Traffic can be impossible. Cost of living cancels out much of the benefits of good compensation.
Serious backstabbing and politics, lack of life balance of any kind, terrible management styles, stressful unhealthy lifestyle
Working at Apple Retail is a great part time job to have during college, or during another demanding life stage. However, it's a poor choice for someone interested in career advancement. Very rarely do employees get selected for any cooperate positions, and it doesn't take long for employees to realize they have reached a wall. The very nature of retail demands employees be always available to work, and the system rarely supports breaks from work longer than one day at any given time. Your schedule is always staggered, and you feel like you are always working. Apple Retail attempts to create an environment in which employees are able to innovate and grow, but that doesn't end up to be the reality. The truth is that at the end of the day it's much like any other retail establishment. Customers have needs, and Apple Retail cannot afford to have you doing anything else but helping customers each moment of the day. If you are interested in making a career move, Apple Retail might not be the best decision.
Still a retail environment, customers can be moody
May be too fast paced for some, great management is dependent on the store, sometimes an unclear path for promotion.
Internal promotions are hyped during training but Apple fails to promote from within
long days and nights, shitty managers
Its one of the best retail jobs I have had
Many of the plusses are also cons. It is retail sales and that can only be so good. There is a limited to how many irrational, irate customers you can deal with no matter how good you are. Apples strict set of rules can be rigid and unforgiving. When I started there was a ridged corporate rule concerning tardiness. I saw three very good employees be released in two years over legitimate scheduling mistakes that were more the managers fault than the employee. A beloved creative, a hardworking efficient stock person and an excellent full time specialist with excellent sales numbers released because of ridged enforcement of time policy. I understand these rules have now been changed because of the loss of to many good staff.  Apple seemed fixated on hiring managers with a number of years in retail but they don't differentiate by type of retail. WalMart and Kohles don't train you to run an Apple store.  All the best people seem to be transient at an Apple Store, college students working their way through college or professionals who are between jobs. The talented come and go but so many want to work for Apple the supply of staff seems unlimited. I was fortunate enough to do a couple of new store openings. It was a blast but of the stores I saw open in two years 80% of the staff had turned over. In most cases the best and brightest with the best sales and customer satisfaction were gone. I was between professional positions when I worked for Apple Retail. I started as a part time specialist, was promoted to full time, and then expert, and creative. While a specialist I lead the store in sales, sales metrics and customer satisfaction before moving on to another professional position.
fast paced, changing all the time,
Little internal development. You may stay at the same position for a very long time.
No guidance on making a career out of it, no support from upper management, too much politics
The houses are very expensive here.
Honestly, people don't need/want to hear about Apple products. The role isn't really needed, so it doesn't feel impactful
Work pressure, Deadlines, Long hours
Will be overworked under payed
no RSU for individual contributors, no profit sharing, difficult to rotate around, promotions for women is difficult.
The Management was very tough and demanded alot from their workers. Although hours were flexible, the management would never forget errors and were harsh when it came to sales quotas.
Management was very unorganized and flustered when things got busy
Monotonous, long hours on launch days
At times it can feel condescending the way peers and management have "feedback" on a personal level, however, I believe this to be a result of the poor leadership and their "agendas" that existed in 2010.
Hours are rigid, shift bids infrequent
No growth opportunities. They hire external candidates to fill open positions.
Hard to Move From Retail to Corporate
No work-life balance, politics in management, no career path.
Extremely busy and always changing
Worked here during college, shifts were busy so expect to be energized and ready to go.
- For many employees, it's easy for the job to become your life. You work there 8 hours, slowly you realize all of your friends are your co-workers, you end up talking about work when you're not there, etc.
It was a bit too many hours for my liking, I dont mind working long hours but at times it was a mess when it came to my scheduling.
Long hours, especially depending on what department you work in. Middle management could use some work - having an expertise doesn't necessarily mean you should be in management.
Customers can be abusive and managers can sometimes hurt you to appease a customer, inconsistent statements with actions, corporate policy can be rigid, and you can easily be missed or forgotten by team/management if you don't speak up.
No choice in work schedule. I worked evenings and weekends. Communication was horrible from the get-go. While recruiters admitted it was a sales job, they downplayed it severely. In the end, they should not have hired me. Although I seemed to excel at one set of metrics (customer response), which they said was most important, they hammered me on another set of metrics-- basically they wanted me to try to get every caller to buy crap they weren't shopping for. I can't do that. They didn't like that.
little transparency in HR processes. for workerbees below director level, bonuses are not based on merit or tied to company performance, they're basically based on how well your management team likes you. also, HR is reluctant to share basic info with employees (eg, salary ranges, performance review schedule)
Hard to move around company if you want to try something different
A little fake. You had to act extremely excited everyday, but it is just another job
The rules are black and white. There's no gray area with policies.
You can gain a lot of experience doing different jobs but not work your way up. You are working in retail and that means you need to be prepared to work with customers.
- Lots of long hours - Very little job flexibility
Highly political, egos need to be amply stroked to get anything done internally. Management often nowhere to be found.
sexual assault, physical assault, emotional abuse, extreme harassment from lead genius and managers.
It can become very routine and complacent unless you have the desire to become a Genius and ultimately break apart and fix Macs and iPhones, upward mobility isn't really offered in any other way
too big of a company. too retail oriented. losing its aura.
A bit hard to move around within the company.
My schedule changes every 3 months, which I understand is to meet fluctuating business needs, but it's still difficult when you have a small child in the mix. Also, the Austin campus doesn't currently have child care ( but might in the future?), and we've lost a lot of great employees because of that
No downside to speak of.
lack of personal interaction during business hours
everything is outsourced to the communists
There's a lot of politics and secrecy. There are few opportunities for advancing your career.
-Managers constantly micromanage -Difficult customers -Hard to have a work-life balance with constantly changing shifts that sometimes end at 10pm -Unclear expectations from management -Little room for growth -Body gets tired from standing all day
Employees are sometimes too into promoting the apple brand, kind of zombiesh at times.
Customers who take advantage of APPLE, letter writers to CEO, lack of trust amongst management, pretenders.
Exploitive. Apple retail keeps people in the lower-paying rung of "specialist" while utilizing your expertise to fill in for people who get paid more doing tech and training (and not promoting). It's getting worse and worse. Many would be willing to be "utility players" and do more than one role, but the pay and official title stays on the lower scale. I also think there is a "bait and switch" in the recruiting process where Apple contacts people with training and tech skills with the promise of Creative or Genius, lures them to work for Apple, but then keeps them in the Red Zone.  Lots of part-time positions, with crappy and inconsistent hours (I know, this is retail), managers are increasingly micromanaging issues to keep employees from progressing for silly rules (i.e.: gum chewing and color or pattern or shirts worn under Apple shirt) and employees who give great customer experiences (NPS) are not acknowledged in terms of advancement, it has more to do with kissing up to management and saying the correct corporate gobbelty-gook. Suck-ups are rewarded. Age-ism can be an issue at some stores. Pay is not great. Employee store meetings are rah-rah annoying. People are feeling unhappy about the lack of movement. Outside hires are poisonous. Standards regarding experiences and benchmarks for roles are a personality contest.
bad hours give at lease some weekends off
Management not good. Mid-management is not good. Lacks attention to how place experience with the right position. Interviews showed very little interest in learning more details about candidate and hiring was more like a placement of a body than trying to get the right person for the job.
-Having to deal with occasional high-maintenance or angry customers that may be having issues with their product. -Like many of retail workplaces, not having a consistent work schedule.
Would love to have been a part-time manager for Applecare
The company is very arrogant. Management hates being compared to competitors or even analyzing the business against competition. Everything has to be done the Apple way even if it's inefficient and inconvenient to employees and partners.  They do not like out of the box thinking. Questioning long-standing processes or decisions is frowned upon.  Very top heavy. Everyone lives in fear for their boss or their boss's boss. Lots of decisions are made arbitrarily based on if some executive likes it or not, no matter what research or analysis has shown. I guess it's the legacy of Steve Jobs that every executive has a Steve Jobs complex and likes to act like God.  Sycophants and mindless rule followers get promoted. This results in too many middle managers with no people management experience or skills. People who questions status quo or push for change are pushed out.  Hardware may be advanced, but internal software tools are completely outdated. They hate using SAAS or third-party software and subject employees to slow and clunky systems and tools. I was using more advanced systems in 2007 at a startup than I was in 2013 at Apple. And there is barely any automation. They have armies of human drones working on basic data-entry and other really tedious tasks that could be easily automated.
The cons of the apple store, poor management. Lack of promotions, even though you are promised from the interview that every week there is not a person who doesn't get a promotion. Overall your store leaders are the ones who make your store a good one or a bad experience for your self and its customers. I would make sure to talk to apple store employees before applying to make sure if this store location is for you.
Not great pay, extremely difficult to get promoted, and very little feedback unless directly requested.
I would have to relocate. But CA is a nice place to live.
current management has manipulated commission structure to tighten the gap between bottom and top performers. Much harder to have a stellar year compared to previous years
The career path in any part of the company is not very clear. At all.
They will try to convince you it's a career, but will not assist you with development of any kind. There is a lack of communication and it is assumed that you will be working outside the scope of your position. There is no flexibility in schedules. To managers customers come first, employees are second.
Work resembles that of a start up without enough rewards. Long work hours. Employees are loyal to company, but company does not seem to care about employee retention. In product development groups, employee turn around is high. In iPod group where I worked, on average every month there would be about 40-50 employees leaving the company and approximately same number would join as well.
high expectation of work ethic and ability to manage yourself
Having tough customers, very busy all day.
The compensation should be higher for the pressure you have.
It can vary from store-to-store but management needs to do a better job of communicating with each other.
Promotions are dangled in front of employees, but are rarely more than moving from one department to another and getting minima pay increases (at least from my experience.) Apple has attempted to hire people from the B2B world for Business Manager positions with the promise that even though you're in a retail environment, it's not really a retail job and that working hours are 9-5. That's a complete lie.
People think they are ready for promotion when they are not.
- Tons of interviews to get the position (I did six interviews for the retail specialist position - although this filters out most bad eggs) - The store sometimes pushes getting a certain quota a bit much at times
Stressful work environment. Some employees get away with doing far less work than others. This forces those of us who work hard to work even harder. It seems like no matter how many times some calls out sick they never get fired.
Extremely political. Lots of red-tape. Managers do not seem to care about long term career of employees. Groups are compartmentalized and hence there is little cross-pollination. Very hard to know the big picture of how ones is work fits within overall company plan/products. Very hard to obtain internal transfers to work on other projects.
Store manager was awful, didn't understand the repair business at all, and tried to micromanage. New store manager since I left, and I've heard they are much better.
Management is incredibly lacking in skills necessary to run a store. Customers are always right, even when they yell and degrade you.
The pay is much less than a similar job at other companies, moving up is extremely hard to do, and management isn't always trusting. Just like at many other places, the bad apples (pun intended) tend to ruin it for everyone.
Retail environment and less then ideal hours.
None that i can think of.
They are still figuring out the "Business Manager" Position. Running an entire business with only one business specialist. Does not put you in the best place to be successful. You will at times be a highly paid sales person vs. a true manager/Leader. Currently for Leaders you are limited to close to 40 hours a week. Normally that sounds great but you are still required to accomplish everything needed in that time. You consistently have to leave things undone and the stress can be heavy.
Poor store management (across multiple stores), long hours, terrible work/life balance, not as well-paid as one would hope, and an attendance policy that borders on draconian.
Can be a lot of red tape on campuses. Not much opportunity outside of retail after you complete contract.
Just one thing: Long work hours
The store was always incredibly busy, and frequently understaffed. It was a generally stressful environment, but being that the team was so close, it really wasn't that bad. The worst part about this job is that they force feed you the Apple Kool Aid, which in and of itself I am not opposed to. I love Apple, I love their ideals, and I love their products. However, the unfortunate consequence is that every person there is basically a die hard Apple employee, and many of them believe if you stay long enough you will move high up in the food chain. After 2-3 years, you realize you won't. I had some friends that were around 4-5 years in my store, and they were incredible people...fantastic with customers, knowledgable about every aspect of the business, and constant over performers. However, at some point they realized...wow, there really isn't anywhere to go. Apple frequently hires store managers from other chains (like Gap, Starbucks, Banana Republic), and infrequently promote directly within. It is a great place to work, but there is a VERY large ceiling there that is virtually impossible to break through without leaving and working elsewhere for experience first.
Dealing with pissed off people all day, No flexibility in scheduling, Working holidays is mandatory
High store traffic. Constant changes to products/services which is also can be a good thing
-Very busy environment: sometimes you just get tired of people all day long. -The pay could be better given that they dont pay commission.
Low pay for the skills required, even if its high for retail.
secretive culture apple is very big, has large corporate culture, lots of process if you work on teams that are not central to the company, you could feel under appreciated
job is demanding, You have to love your job to survive
High school like clicks, unrealistic metrics, and forever on the late shift if you have no children
The technician position can be stressful at times, as you are asked to multitask with several customers at once, while dealing with upset customers.
Cannot access work email at home
THIS IS RETAIL. It may be cool to say you work for Apple but if you're not a fan of retail and the terrible hours along with the unpredictable schedule, don't waste your time
-insanely busy -no room for growth
As a Business Specialist, your pay is still tied to retail standards, which is unfair considering the amount of revenue you're expected to drive, particularly if you work at a high traffic store like my store. One of my biggest issues with Apple is no commission, no bonuses, at all. Regardless of your background and experience, as a retail employee you will have a strike against you if you're interested in corporate roles, and recruiters make it clear. Most corporate hiring is done through external talent sourcing. Conversations around career paths for retail employees are centered on retail opportunities, not corporate opportunities. Not encouraging when you know you are a valuable asset to the team.
-Expects complete dedication -Difficult customers  Things can get crazy at Apple sometimes around the holidays and other times it can get very boring if no one is entering the store. Since employees are not on commission the money isn't always the best but considering it is retail it is pretty good.
It's retail so no set schedule
Sloppy management awful at feedback. Low pay for amount sold. Rough attendance policy. Almost impossible to pivot positions or receive promotions without having to suck up to management for a long time.
-set on random schedule with metrics, don't bother the flexibility ( you will work on holiday as well ) - less staff on demand peak and management doesn't speak up to make a better change - no stocks options, no bonuses, no appreciations for hard work - internal politics and favoritism, micro management, no room for advancement and development for a long career - too many changes within the management process, work process
No set schedule. So it' always random.
The company just blew up in a the last couple years, a lot of people left. Politics have taken over the company, we need to go back to making great products. Opportunity to grow upwards is limited since its a very flat organization. Bad Work/ Personal Life balance.
There were no cons when i worked there
Long hours. Very cut throat. Deadlines, Deadlines, Deadlines. No room for compassion. Everyone is jockeying for a title and everyone is out for themselves at all costs.
Rigid corporate structure, management challenges, input from engineers is rarely accepted in the design process.
Very fast paced...must be able to effectively meet the demands of proficient time management.
Little to no growth opportunity Hard to transition to corporate rols
Some choose to micromanage when it's not needed. Company political and social opinions are not appropriate in the workplace.
Don't choose hours, but the pros beat cons
There arent really any cons to working for this company. It has been a pleasure so far in my time with the company.
New managers don't know how to do the job that they supervise.
-Management is sketch -Too many quotas (average call time should be less than 14.5 min, must sell Apple Care Protection Plan, Must get very satisfied surveys, Must not go to Tier 2 for questions unless you get penalized) -Must be a within top 10 of 2,000 employees to pick schedule
My job deteriorated from one of vast potential and creative facilitation to one of mundane tasks and a feeling of being underutilized and undervalued.
flexible hours. working weekends and nights a lot.
Apple will turn into your life. You will join the cult and converge to all of their products. You will want to buy everything and spend money from all of the discounts you get!
Being a retail job, it came with problems such as terrible customers and less than ideal schedules.
Nepotism. Very secretive about seemingly insignificant things. Contractors do not get converted to full time unless they have personal relationships/connections with managers.
Incredibly demanding, overworked, literally not enough breaks to be legal (this was in 2009). The turnover here is very high.
Working in retail the hours are different each week
The retail part of the company is a grind, while corporate jobs are more enjoyable. Difficult to move vertically within the company. Most of the hiring is done externally.
Worst management style ever. If you're not on their A-list, it is all a numbers game. Although input in the form of employee feedback is important to collect, it is not an agent of behavior change. Very superficial employers.
The staff is a bit cut throat, fighting for sales. They also barrage the customer.
Can be limited career opportunities working on the retail side.
Work schedules and most people are contracted so no benefits
– Very poor leadership – Work w/ a wide range of people: from ex-agency folks who are sharp to 50 year old parents who want the salary and stock but not the hours – Work within creative and strategic constraints (thinking outside the box is discouraged) – No accountability from leadership down – Flat organization which prevents a lot of growth – Recruiting is sharp and well-trained in pitching the job, etc. – Easier to get into Apple then to leave (no exit interview, no benefit reviews, shuts off cell service, etc.) – Too much gray. – Operations (process and response time) is hit and miss from IS&T to HR – Very impersonal because it is so large. Each department has their own internal intranet site and emails and hotlines. The in-person HR lead knowledge is inconsistent to the hotline.
The negatives for Cupertino are many. It is part of a largish valley that has bad air, immense traffic, horrid housing and rental costs, and a cultural milieu which has aggressive immigrants raising housing and rental prices, on-purpose. The area is essentially unaffordable!!! The "boutique towns" along the peninsula do not impress. The East Bay is dangerous. It is hard to find a place to relax in the "Bay Area".
I worked at an Apple store in a huge city so I am not sure if same pro above relates to smaller stores
Limited potential for growth as employee.
Very little time to relax, non stop calls, deal with angry customers, stressful situations
gossip like HS Bitchy coworkers management sucks
You pretty much hit a ceiling once you've been here long enough. There are so many retail employees and so little room in upper management. I have know a few to move up but it is very difficult.
Long hours and around the clock dedication is needed to keep up with the pace.
There is a terrible work/live balance that does not even exist. You will always be working. People will always ask you question about Apple for the rest of your life even after you quit.
depending on the current administration at your job locations, you are either in and good up the ladder or put aside because your management is not favoring you at the moment. Everything is done by consensus. If one person out of 19 does not feel you are qualified for the job or promotion, you will get black balled. I've seen it too many times.
Lots of politics in the workplace, and can be a little cultish at times. Have to be willing to drink the koolaid.
- No advancement opportunities - Poor pay for role
-Managers tend to "manage up". -Lots of trendy business lingo without a lot of substance in some of them. -The company can be greedy. Compensation plans change to drastically reduce employee income when it suits them. -Culture is changing since Steve Jobs is gone
My work (in QA) is very boring.
The only downfall is that you have to deal with many customers. More than usual.
It winds up being another corporation and working for another job. You get lost in the slew of other employees and they tend to be much too focused on sales and numbers.
Somewhat demanding hours - but worth it.
You won't be moving up anytime soon.
-Be prepared for a lengthy interviewing process. You will attend a hiring seminar, followed by 3-5 one-on-one and panel style interviews. If you exude Apple and know how to answer basic retail interview questions, this will be easy. But be prepared to interview for two weeks to a month to get the job. -Red Zone performance is based on overall sales performance. If you know how to sell, this should be easy. If not, be prepared to be talked to. -At the end of the day it's still retail, so be prepared for working nights and weekends. Sat-Fri scheduling is weird to get used to, but it works.
Sometime you need slog a lot.
Ultra-secretive, political, people jumping levels to get things done. People are not collaborative and are just working in silo's. Only focused on own work deliverables and not concerned about overall team or company.
• Because the company's organizational structure is so flat, it can be difficult to move up in the ranks without first leaving the company • Not focused on individual career development
busy bisy busy always, I belive that I should have a bigger salary than I have now. I work very hard and is the most demanding group of retail jobs out there.
Very Stressful and average compensation for engineers
-none that I've had at this point
The #1 con is that most customers lack the skills to use the products. People don't take the time to understand Apple's technology so they blame the store employees when their computers or iPhones don't work. On a daily basis customers don't know their email addresses or passwords and expect you to do a more thorough investigation than Sherlock Holmes in order to help them download an app.  Some co-workers don't try at all or pass their problems around and the result is the good employees clean up the messes.  Performance is not incentive based. The guy who has the highest sales could technically earn as much as the guy with the least amount of sales.  To get a promotion is difficult because there are many people vying for one spot.  Different roles in the store are very stressful. Sometimes we have to help multiple customers at once with very diverse problems. We have to turn people away from tech support because they don't have an appointment to meet with a technician. It gets very difficult after the 20th time in an hour.  Your hours will vary because of the stores longs hours. Sometimes you work early in the morning and sometimes late at night. Usually you will be working on a weekend. Not very fun and not very conducive to family based or social people.
- Stressful - Dealing with ambiguity
Sometimes management gets confused on what to cover (repairs) and what not too, and sometimes the lose their cool, but normally apologize.
Competition, distrust from management, lacking flexibility
Managers will play favorites. If there is a position you want to move to be sure your friends with that direct manager!
Nothing comes to my mind.
You need to attend meeting, which are pretty pointless, and IF there is anything important it could be summed up on a post it note. There is a cultish feel to the company, and if you share negative thoughts on products or anything Apple, managers will not be happy with you. Customers have a sense of entitlement and can be very rude and disrespectful. Promotions are in short supply, and offer marginal raises. The chances of moving from retail to corporate is basically 0. Not saying it never happens, but extremely rare. No bonuses or incentives for reaching sales goals, or any other goals. The job can get repetitive and very boring. How many times can you sell the same thing, and answer the same questions? All in all, its a retail job, and not much more. If retail is you passion, you'll love it. If your a college student, or in a transition period, and over-qualified, you will not be able to wait, and move on to bigger better things.
Ability to move up or to receive help from management to grow with the company is sorely lacking.
Advancement opportunities are up to you
A lot of confidentiality, but not real cones. I love Apple! its a great place to be in !.
No time for family, intense continuous & unnecessary pressure, no career development. If you consider yourself a work alcoholic then you are going to really enjoy working in Operations.
The customers. It is your fault. Their iPhone is broken and they must make this very clear to you.
Poor communication, and training is impossible off-the-clock, unclear pathway to advancement or moving from Retail to Corporate.
-somewhat hard to grow within the company -I was treated like I was totally dispensable since so many people want to work for Apple -customer service can really suck -poor compensation compared to other companies, considering education and experience
They seldom promote from within. I've seen full time sales people, genius, and especially managers mostly come from outside the company. The company blows at promoting from within. Whatever you're hired as is where you'll remain
I never really felt management was encouraging towards employees regarding promotions. Often, it is difficult to find time to use the online training tools or shadow another position because the stores are always so busy, managers can't afford to have you off of the sales floor. You will almost always work all major holidays and product release days.
Management is often times clumsy in their duties. Schedules do not get completed on time, vacations or time off can easily get rejected, managers are not always there when you need them. They are constantly changing role as to their responsibilities and the teams they manage. Most managers are not promoted internally, but rather recruited from other stores.
Secrecy can be inhibitive but doesn't generally keep you from doing the work you need to do.
Living cost in Bay Area
Management is useless and has no mind of their own. they follow a script that apple corporate tells them to read!
The schedule you will HAVE to keep is the worst and the pay is not that great. Not that great since Steve died. Way too much management that the company does not need. Tim Cook is not someone to look up to.
Not many. Hours were incredibly long though. Pay did not match experience or performance.
Income and growth opportunities are non existent
-Because of company growth, large locations can make you feel like a number -Pay is not adjusted for local cost of living
Many managers do not allow you room to grow. Very process driven, without room to understand different prospectives. The company overall monitors finances with a very critical eye.
Food is not free it is a very large company and sometimes it feels like it takes a million sign offs to get anything done sometimes will have to present to senior management many times before anything gets traction sometimes expected to work longer hours but can also be flexible if needed
crazy hours and clopens and too many managers
There are some sociopathic managers at this company who I observed trying to manipulate others just for the pleasure of cruelty. There are some deeply insecure managers holding grudges and trying to get revenge for perceived slights. Honestly, the politics of this place were overwhelming to me. Maybe only 20% of the managers were what I would call "sick minds", the rest were honest and sincere, but it was too much for me. I can't play those sorts of games and I had to get out. Sometimes you don't even know that you are playing a game until afterwards.  This is an old company and has a lot of legacy code around. Being innovative often means ignoring glaring problems that have been around for 5 - 10 years. That is kind of painful if you care about quality.  I saw some happy managers and I concluded in the end that it was luck of the draw. If you got thrown into the lion pit you might escape or might get torn to shreds. Some managers never got thrown into the lion pit and were able to do well, so if you are considering working there you may get lucky. No one is going to help you out, though.  Definitely better to be an engineer than a manager at Apple, IMO.
It can be a bit of a drudge at times, but it gets better.
Unbelievable strict attendance policy with no room for error. You will get fired, tons of people do all the time because of basic stuff.
If you're there now, you're being overworked and not getting the stock appreciation the old-timers got
Middle management is so concerned about the stores being "profitable" they are loosing what made Apple Stores special. Stop hiring employees from the competition (Best Buy), the cultures are not the same.
For those coming in to the company with years of work experience, your salary and position level will be cut with the pitch to dream your career path because it can be achieved, even if they position doesn't exist. Extremely political, more like a sorority. Many managers do not have a clue how to manage and develop teams. Senior managers are constantly being degraded by customers and customer reviews determine all.
Very long hours for students not great for part time workers no seasonal working set ups available sometimes early or late hours for students
Sometimes You might be put under pressure when it comes to intense project/work to do at Apple, for your benefit.
None that I ran into.
- to become manager, you have to be a College grad with 3.0 or higher and join the 2year program - from specialist, you have to SELL APPLE CARE like crazy 40% up to become EXpert -From Expert, you can start work on your leadership skills - They hire Managers from Bestbuy and AT&T - Non-commission which is fun but it creates LAZY people - Some business specialists (wear black polo) dont want to sell you phones because they love Macs -carrying cash around is scary - holidays : OMG dont even think about looking up from the EXPRESS TABLE
Work/Life balance. But I knew that coming to Cupertino was not going to be a cake walk.
High stress, angry people, very demanding, noisy
information on how to move up in the company and pay are impossible to find out. There is no discussion anywhere of pay scale so it makes it difficult to plan ahead or know if you will make the salary you want to obtain your goals
None loved working here, contract position that ended and I tried reapplying to the store after that position and have had no success
The pay is lower than on-site customer service, you are only guaranteed employment for 1 year at a time, and only when you are in college. They may or may not offer you another year or a job after college, depending on your performance.
compétitive environment inconsistent schedule hectic holidays
Pay is not where it could be based on experience.
The schedule can become full time if volume gets very busy. Your schedule is based on performance. There is little accommodation for school schedule, which means online school is the only viable option.
Horrible Boss Limited Capabilities Restricting Bureaucracy
Apple expects you to be an expert in your functional area, which is not bad for those who want to be a functional expert in a great place. Not good if you want to explore opportunities beyond your own role and also can be hard to grow inside the same function.
Work space is very crowded. Everyone in my group works in one open room. Very political work environment. Some groups burn out employees quickly and have low job retention. There is often no notice if you have to stay late.
The C-Level management of the retail operations seems to ignore the fact that Apple is a technology company first and a retail operator second. They are focused on making buying or repairing an iPhone or iPad similar to buying a sweater at The Gap. In fact, they hire so many managers from Gap retail that the employees have coined the term "Gapple." It's a sad sign that this refers to Gap-Apple employees, and not Google-Apple employees. This should give you an idea of the direction that this company is headed in. This being said, you will be treated like a disposable resource, and there are always 10 naive teenagers salivating to get your job as a retail employee. Don't waste more than 6 months working here, if you haven't been promoted to Senior Manager by then you probably never will be.
I really have no complaints about the company
No social life, No peace of mind
None that I could speak of
Tons of traffic our little store usually sees 1000 people a day. I personally would help 20-40 people a day. And if I am the "concierge" position that day you can double or even tripple that number. Because I am technician most those people are unhappy so that brings your mood down. The shifts make it really hard to have a good work/life balance so I wouldn't recommend someone with children to work at Apple retail. Over all though it really is great!
Lack of clarity, too many chiefs, not enough Indians.
Apple seems to be losing some of the qualities of what made it great. First, the pay does not measure up to the work. I came in 2010 and felt like I was a few years too late as Apple became hugely popular with release of new iPhone and the iPad some of the magic and personality seems to have left. Also the loss of Jobs may be a major underlying factor.
Hard to control work and life balance
- No life balance - Lots of internal politics - Functions are very narrow focused - Growth opportunities are inexistent
Be real it is retail, the hours are not always the best and people can be rude sometimes.
The only con is when we don't find out about a product launch until less than a week before it comes out and they change our schedules. I'm full time now, so I don't have to worry about that. It was really the only downfall.
Unfortunately a requirement of the At Home Advisor position is the you have to work at least an 8 hour shift on either Saturday or Sunday.
Politics at the center many times limits the speed of implementation and change. There's way to may "career employees" that coast and milk their tenure at Apple.
Long hours, managers never get to take the 15 minute breaks that the associates get, often the pace and workload is overwhelming. Very few development or training opportunities for the managers. Customer expectations of getting free replacements becomes exhausting.
Mostly the management that is hired externally. They don't understand the culture that was put in place and when you say anything it's "just retail", which is funny, because the first slide in the hiring event says "Apple: More than Just Retail"
Always-on work climate - emails are answered within minutes, even on vacations/weekends Not child-rearing-friendly Inflexible working hours - few in HW ever work from home Can't have a 'public persona' or represent Apple at conferences. No credit outside the company for work you do.
Very small chance to move from store front to corporate. Promotion opportunities are limited within the store. Unless one wants to become a store manager, chance are rare to be part of the corporate branch
sometimes long hours because of product launches, but thats the best part of apple!
No room for growth other than in retail
Terrible management. Our "market" needs attention and managers need to go. Hire "leaders" instead. The bad communication between staff ad current management makes a job that once seemed magical, monotonous and too much like Best Buy.
Like many corporations, Apple Retail makes the mistake of confusing Management with Leadership. Employees who have no business being placed in a leadership roll are often promoted because they are good employees and have to learn how to lead in the store the hard way, sometimes creating difficulty for the teams they are supposed to be leading.
- Poor managers, they view subordinate personal career goals as their attempt to "climb the corporate ladder" and its heavily frowned upon at the group I've been in and neighboring groups I've interacted with. - Below average base salary for the bay area. - Poor teamwork, its all about competing against other engineers through a self manufactured obstacle called "confidentiality". You only get to see what you are meant to see. Sometimes you want to look at the big picture to help you do your work, too bad. Sometimes you want to interact with key developers to see their design process, too bad. - Projects cancelled left and right. I feel as some are fake projects used to weed out leakers. - Expect to work 50+ hours a week to get anywhere. Apple doesn't see that overworking produces less quality code. They say if you don't spend atleast 50 hours a week you're not being a team player. - Extremely low morale environment - 0 concept of what is good software, some of these people never had to be a software janitor, they fail to see the repercussions of their code and don't write quality code. - Get ready to face high ego developers who still think Apple is the best thing since sliced bread. Its their first job, expect them to not have a down to earth view.
As I continued on in my career at Apple, the company grew up and became more corporate. What does that mean? Fewer people got promoted from within (preferring instead to get people form the outside, people with MBAs, etc.) - As good as the benefits are, there were some serious lacks (example: No paternity leave, no paid leave for adoption, no sabbaticals, etc.) - Very few managers (and certainly almost no upper managers) care about the customer. They care about the number, but not about the actual customer. - The pay is okay at best. They brag that they're solidly average. This seems counterintuitive for one of the richest companies in the world. Value your human capital. - You do have to play politics. Which often translates to keeping your mouth shut. Anger the wrong person and you may as well quit because your career there is over. - A lot of the skills they teach aren't transferrable. Instead of certifying people in recognized brands (PMP, ASTD, etc.), they prefer to do their own certifications in house, which don't mean anything anywhere else.
Working hard and late, but that's the nature of business.
Very difficult to move up. Can become very repetitive and boring for many.
A few days later I was asked to visit for an on-site interview of 3 hours, 6 interviews. Each was a one-on-one setting, and half were with analysts or senior analysts the other were with managers or directors (one with HR). The majority of each interview we spent discussing my thesis
Communications were a bit of a challenge on occasion due to the limited number of hours I was working (16 hours).
Pay is not great. Work is satisfying and you really can set your own pace. Love the amount of opportunities.
At first, management was welcoming, made everyone feel at home and would support your decision with a customer regardless of who they were. Then, a new shift in management came through and were micro-managing to a ridiculous degree. Also, they were unsupportive of the workers unless you were considered a "favorite" by which I mean, you had to think like them.  Also, be prepared for some grueling conversations with customers, most likely getting sworn at, and learning to get a backbone if you don't already have one.  Expect no vacation time, unless you ask for it in the summer. You run by their schedule and only their schedule. I was not able to visit family for Thanksgiving, Christmas, or Spring Break.
Some teams are better than others. Some managers would be better engineers. It's hard to live up to the reputation of Apple.
Lots of odd schedules Sometimes advancement becomes too political. Not good for those who have a family. Stress level is high and doesn't match compensation.
growth potential limited to a few corporate centers
Poor schedule and low pay for work we do
Pay could be a lot better. Review system could use some improvement.
This review is for IS&T (IT) department.  99% are Indian H1B visa contractors so practically there is no diversity. There is bad communication skills, heavy accent (very hard to understand email and verbal communication) and bad manners. Contractors tend to stick together so you have to watch your back. Vendors are not very technically savvy and mediocre and/or below-average developers/consultants. However, there are few exceptions. At times they speak Hindi (during meetings) so you might as well learn the language to fit in. Apple claims to hire the best of the best but it looks the opposite.  Middle management does not have necessary skills to manage and in many occasions does not have proper training to manage people/projects.  Terrible work environment and culture. Office space is very bad - crowded, noisy, bad air flow.
overworked, mental stress, rude customers, low management involvement
People constantly asking for help about a product, very competitive
No career unless interested in a career in retail
Scalability issues, minor just seem to be behind the curve sometimes reactive instead of proactive. Infrastructure issues, we have a opportunity as we grow to rebuild the internal infrastructure, that we don't always seem to take. Normal cooperate stuff (minus the soul sucking) there are politics, misconceptions, skewed messages just like every other company, even Apple can't solve for the human design.
It's retail, so sometimes customers can be a little rude.
Doesn't care about the people.
While they push customer service and employees aren't commission based, they are still rated on numerical scales. Most people leave the company yearning for a 9 to 5 job with consistent hours or because they could not grow amongst the heavy competition.
It's a big company and sometimes the little guys get lost in the shuffle. Lots of non-Apple people working at the company now, so the Apple culture is being diluted by "beige box" mentality. Many career opportunities require relocation to Cupertino.
- a lot of shady customers who Do damaging things - angry customers yell at you - don't count on a 9to5 schedule ( its retail , don't complain )
Moving forward did not seem to happen to those who deserved it. There were good employees that were more than qualified for a higher position who were not chosen over someone less skilled. This was a store specific experience and I don't believe this is a company issue.
Retail is still retail. There can be a lot of drama with managers and other employees.
It is corporate retail chain. They do go through periods where they will reduce staff in favor of new lower paid staff.
treat contractors much like Cisco of old.
Work can be demanding. Not all offices are on main campus. Working with very smart people can be intimidating. Bad location for young people, far away from the city.
Workers are qualified to do great things and should be compensated as such. Sometimes working with the general public can be stressful, but this is probably true with any job.
Upper management does not provide enough resources to keep teams motivated
There is barely any upward mobility. Most management is hired from outside.
I dont have any right now.
The crowds of people. On average our store see over 1000 people a day. I personally help around 25 a day. Because of the sheer amount of people. It high pace and high stress some days.
Upward mobility can be a challenge. Salaries are good for retail but for level of effort and expertise required, still under compensated.
Rigid corporate environment, little to no information given on future product information and training on those is spotty.
Still very much a retail environment.
- People who've done their time at Apple (read: Older employees) seem more laid back compared to the more recent hires/younger blood. This causes bottlenecks in projects which are extremely fast moving and need juggling of multiple priorities at the same time - NO WORK LIFE BALANCE. I regularly work 50-60 hours per week. The sad thing is, the more you work, the more people expect from you and the more you work. If you treat it just like a job, you might stick around, but you'll be passed on when the good projects come in. You need to decide what type of career you want - you can't do 40 hours AND shine at work at the same time. - High burnout rate. I find myself short of patience many times just because there's always too much to do. - Base salary is not that good, but more than compensated for in the form of cash bonus, RSUs, 401k
Haven't found any problems yet!
It is a very stressful environment where metrics are very important. If you are not performing to expectations then you will be talked to about it.
No commission and lower pay then many other sales jobs. High sound level in the retail stores from so many people talking and all hard surfaces reflecting that sound.
Pay, flexibility to move up, work schedule/long weeks,
Mangers can harass you about your numbers of applecare, one to ones, i.e
Hired manager that was way too young.
There are no cons in my opinion.
Took drastic pay cut, training was terrible, supervisors had not a clue. The company boasted record sales and paid employees with years and years of experience like garbage.
Not many promotions available... Mostly lateral movement
some times mundane and boring
Companies leadership has recently ruined the companies overall customer and employee experience.
Expected to deal with calls with only 10 seconds between calls daily. Tier 2 advisors can be rude on top of rude customers.
job itself is draining in my opinion
Commute. Lack of upward mobility.
Weirdly positive people, too artsy
This is a fast paced, highly charged environment. You have to be smart, fast on your feet, and be willing to adapt to change.
Pay was decent but not enough to live on. Favoritism was definitely shown between management and employees. Management didn't go to bat for you. No opportunities for promotion and if there was really hard to qualify for. People deserving promotion didn't get it and those that did were under-qualified for promotion.
There are no downsides working at Apple. It's a great place to work
Tedious work sometimes. It becomes repetitive after a while. and when you see the amount of money you produce, it makes your pay seem meager
Often a very busy and hectic work environment, not bad if you thrive under stress Strong temptation to spend all your pay on Apple products Limited opportunities for part time employees
Terrible treatment, no help towards achieving goals
Salary is not great Supervisors are not great They mircro-manage and harass you about small things you could have a 100% CSAT for surveys by customers about your performance and your manager will find something bad to say about your performance that month The job is very annoying calls back to back you have to baby customers There is no room for growth with the At Home positions I know people who have been agents for years and have masters degrees but aren't supervisors but some joe or tom off the streets with a degree can apply and become a supervisor because they seem to only hire externally for management positions You change schedules every three months which makes it hard to kind of have any work/life balance or take any classes
The cool aid is sometimes hard to swallow, even for the most die hard Apple fans. Not a place for someone with a lot of experience unless you are willing to unlearn everything you've learned before.
The Apple koolaid can be thick to wade through. Retail is cut throat at EVERY level. Such is life.
Pay was decent but not enough to live on. Favoritism was definitely shown between management and employees. Management didn't go to bat for you. No opportunities for promotion and if there was really hard to qualify for. People deserving promotion didn't get it and those that did were under-qualified for promotion.
The only constant is change. Hire on as part time flex, which means during times of need you may work 50-60 hours/week.
I'm part-time. It is extremely difficult to go from part-time to full-time. Being part-time you don't get vacation or sick time. The shifts are challenging and you never know more then 3 weeks in advance when you will be working so it is hard to plan future events.
Occasional poor interactions with the public. Can sometimes feel like a cult.
The richest company in the world made over 50 billion while I worked there and paid poverty. As a part time Specialist working 30+ hours, I was rewarded by qualifying for an earned income tax credit. The quality of the Specialist staff seemed to decrease. HR seemed to be moving away from hiring "Apple Fanboys/girls" who brought a wealth of knowledge to the table, to more of an Ex-Gap/Ex-BestBuy who are learning on the fly.
Requesting Days off on Weekends Retail Hours Favoritism
Long hours, low pay, often feels like you're not really making an impact on the real world.
-they say you don't have to meet a sales quota but you most definitely do. If you don't you will be let go. This is fine since it is a sales position but know that they will not tell you this. Make sure your numbers are on point!
Apple is run like a startup company, even though those days are far behind them. The pay can be terrible, depending on the store's staffing budget. Be prepared for sales goals with no incentive plan.
It's still a retail company, and even though they like to lure you in with the "We're different than other companies, we don't have a lot of levels to go through" you still have to deal with all the corparate nonsense that goes along with it - Example: I loved working there, was a hard worker and ended up clocking in 1 minute late one day. That added to a couple days I'd taken off earlier in the year ended up with me having to go into review and ultimately being let go.
- Fake culture - Dog eat dog, people are always throwing you under the bus - Have to be available on weekends
Long hours. Oftentimes, overtime is the norm rather than the exception. You rarely get recognized for dedication and commitment. It sometimes feels as though you should be grateful you were let in the door, because, "This is Apple." Its not often, but it happens.
Not as many hours as I would of liked, but managers usually allow for more
Nebulous, contradictory, demanding customers, hectic
A very demanding work place. Management expects a lot from employees.
There is NO free food at Apple. You'll have to pay to get your food here. Surprised a multi-billion company doesn't want to feed its workers.
Irrelevant questions as compared to the job profile
management will always ask more from you and then will not offer references when you leave or rehire you even after good reviews. basically snotty management who feels you should be loyal to them but they're not inclined to return the favor.
Not a lot of room for upward mobility
pressure, culture of blame, infighting
Communication Communication Communication It is all to often that the left hand does not know what the right hand is doing. Which as a result leaves both customers and employees sharing the same frustrations. It's also an utter embarrassment for the company being the supposed leader in the industry.
Sometimes poor communication and/or consistency between multiple managers.
micro managing, warning system, and numbers game
lots of work. everybody is pushing. travels a lot.
Customers can be demanding, impatient, and childish while management looks to hide those negatives with customer service training and support.
Narrow focus can feel confining
Quality of work is not so great at times
Dedicated employees that are committed to driving business and provide amazing customer interactions are not paid well within the retail stores. Career opportunities are limited within the retail stores. Lack of vision within Market Support and the retail stores leadership.
Micromanagement, unforgiving rules, and having to jump through many hoops to go the extra mile for some customers make it unpleasant at best, and incredibly stressful at worst. The need to provide help desk support at a rapid clip under severe time constraints severely limits the ability to provide the level of support Apple is renowned for.
terrible work life balance, no promotion, just lateral
- Management style varies from location-to-location, so there are some inconsistencies in the way teams are run. - Career advancement is not as clear-cut as it may be made out to look. You will be successful here if you take charge of your own advancement instead of waiting around to be recognized/promoted.
Same 8 problems every single day Can be stressful when a new update comes out Older employees can be belittling at times
On the retail or corporate side, there are really no cons. This posting is in regards to the ASC(Apple Solutions Consultant) positions within Apple. The ASC position is a melding between the corporate and retail sides of Apple. You work with third party vendors such as Best Buy to increase Apple revenue at these locations. The position is challenging, with a rough schedule but the compensation can be fair to really good. It is however one of the only positions within Apple without a career path. Sadly it is a position that needs a career path. A great job for someone in their 20's.
Big brother Kronos watching. Clock in 1 minute late at the beginning of your shift or coming back from lunch and you get a automatic point. Leave early with permission and the machine gives you another one. People as so afraid of getting points that they come to work sick and infect everyone else.
Dealing with the public. Having customers coming in already mad and trying to calm them down while being nice.
Poor pay if they feel they can get away with paying you less than everyone else.
Gotta hustle to keep up... things can move at a lighting pace as tight deadlines loom.
Advancement sometimes seems unfair based on previous skills- some people have almost no background in management, but they are in charge
Training Is very strict, no room for any error, Very little support throughout training HR attitudes can be horrible They don't seem to value their employees my experience was just a number
Can get very competitive when it's time for sales.
The salary is too low to be able to support yourself without another job, and the hours are incredibly long
-No work/life balance -No recognition -Very poor middle management These comment are about Cupertino office, not about Coxconn, China. We are always working on major releases, we stay in office for more than 24hrs, but no one bother to ask you about food, about you and about your family. This is emotionless company. Very poor middle management with whom we are dealing with. Always very poor project planning.
Senior Execs have all been their since the iPod days Career advancement is slow Career development / coaching not institutionalized, so you are at the mercy of your boss
Limited growth potential (both in position and compensation), not cooperative or understanding to employees with families
It's getting really big. It can be hard to be recognized unless you are the absolute cream of the crop. Very hard to get promoted from within. It's also stressful. The demands are high and pay is not equal to the work most of the time.
you have to live in a high pressure working enviornment, long time work even in the weekend. no appreciation to your contribution
A lot of secrecy, you dont know what you are working on.
you are encouraged to work work work and the company keeps you buzy busy and busy forever
High turnover rate (this includes management), lack of strong leadership from a retail level. Perceived favoritism from management. Poor work-life balance and flexibility in scheduling.
too much work and stress
- Extremely flat at the top, execs make almost all of the decisions - Promotions are very few - Poor feedback from the management team - 60-80 work week is the norm, not the exception - 2-3x per quarter in China, expected to go to every Engineering built, even if to just sit in the factory "in-case" something goes wrong - Organized chaos, everyone does their own thing to get the job done. No structure - Salary/benefits are below market average, and yearly compensation is getting worse every year I've been here
I can't think of any.
not very good at some points
The worst part of working for Apple Retail is the customers, sounds ridiculous but it's true. Extreme levels of patience are definitely required.
I put a lot of pressure on myself to deliver quality work.
Some may be frustrated when start the job since not everything is prepared for you. You need to be a self starter for everything.
Secrecy is a killer, the more you give to the job the more is expected from you. no chance of life balance here. Ever wondered why Google always makes the the top ten of the best companies to work for but Apple never get even close? well there is a reason...
The Uninformed Public is an opportunity and an exhausting challenge.
limited room for advancement in retail stores
- Work/Life Balance - Not a lot of opportunity for growth and development
retail is boring as hell and you work like a slave
Every IS&T department team is governed by the onshore and offshore vendor model primarily from India companies. If you enter as a developer, you will be involuntarily assigned to work as a technical program/project manager role where you will delegate all your code to onshore and offshore developers. Sometimes you'll get good developers, but most of the time, you'll get mediocre or below-average developers. There is no diversity in this department as the overall ethnicity is 99.999% India descent. Most of the senior managers are not technical, not hands-on and rely solely on the program/project managers/consultants to deliver all projects for them. The technical knowledge is heavily relied on the consultant/contractor engineers. The performance reviews can be conducted arbitrarily and can be tweaked at the discretion of the manager. It depends on the manager's integrity and honor if he/she will base your performance on merit. Over time, the more you do project management work, the less you will do technical work unless you put in long hours at night. The management team will do whatever possible to protect themselves and avoid all risk. There is a lot of politics and arrogance. One director hired most of her managers from her previous company. Everyone who knew the director ascended to management ranks by this association. So either it is by coincidence or maybe cronyism? If you don't belong in that "3com club", then you will not be as richly compensated. e.g. The managers brag to their employees about buying and/or rebuilding 1- 3 million dollar homes (ground up) in areas of Saratoga, Cupertino, and Evergreen.  Just to emphasize, this is for the Apple IS&T department. All other product development teams - iCloud, iTunes, etc. will not have this environment. Furthermore, it can be confirmed that those departments are more diverse in ethnicities, rely on badged employees for development work, and work long hours depending on the team and project.
Heavy foot traffic within the store which can get overwhelming.
Hours for new hires are sporadic
Low pay compared to the amount of money you make for the company, not very generous towards employees, very strict, very corporate, attendance policy
Poor pay raises, Managers tend to micromanage
Once Jobs passed the new regime really didn't seem to know what they were doing, every one was trying to assert themselves, and it made a mess of things behind the scenes. Also, not much room for advancement once you reach Genius level. Was told point blank by sr management that they only pull new managers from sales.
Busy, crowded, sometimes uncomfortable stores, crowded break rooms, occasionally stressful environment
Time. It's simply near-impossible to strategize with your team, develop yourself with leadership, and to review your interactions.  There is a culture of pulling leadership from external sources, so much so that it causes you to think that it's impossible to grow with the company.
Difficult to get promoted. Bad communication. Unclear objectives for development. Backroom politics.
Worst work/life balance in the first world...
Retail hours. Retail pay. Can be intense on the sales floor.
Very demanding of your time and attention. Often asked to work double your scheduled hours and are frowned upon if you don't.
I love Apple as a tech company. Don't quite love it as a Retail employer. Because retail is retail no matter what. Weak links just remain because it's not Apple to get rid of them. Ridiculous point system for callouts. You are expected to not come in if sick, yet you get penalized for not coming in!
customers can be rude and managers, most often, side with these customers. quite laborious and not fun, so lack of support from managers can exemplify this. co-workers tend to be stressed which becomes contagious.
Pay is substandard, despite world-class benefits package.
Very busy on the weekends, customers with unrealistic expectations, don't get commission for anything you sell
Little to no room for advancement. Many hours, very high expectations, very high tempo when working on the floor. Inconsistant management.
Urge to stay at Apple and be one of "those" people forever... if that's even a bad thing.
There is no such thing as employee development. You drive your own tenure.
Not necessarily a track to a corporate position.
Little real affect on product decisions.
Little room for growth. Don't expect to start as a specialist and move to genius. They're two different worlds according to management. Often found that although I was better at helping/repairing software/hardware issues, got stuck in specialist position and told to focus on sales. You end up selling $10k+ a day with no commission.
You are not always in the "know" so you must be able to deal with ambiguity
constant revision of "what needs to happen” The Retail schedule (work holiday, plan on not seeing your family) Unmet promises
People stealing credits getting ahead in reviews Management complicit in outsourcing projects to body shopping companies Arrogance and sycophants are rewarded
Environment can be a little too stressful at times. Overcrowded stores and loud decibel levels for extended periods of time. Pay is good, but not good enough for the stuff you have to deal with.
Secretive and poor work/ life balance.
Hectic to work in this company
Monotonous, boring, gossip-filled environment, micro-management, stupid rules, very political, unwarranted egos
Working at the retail level of Apple, can be extremely stressful. It's extremely difficult when the management team isn't on the same page, it can feel like your pushed to many different directions. I loved my first store, but moving to a new city the markets can range from good to worse. It really depends on the store management. If the store leader has a good head on their shoulders, the store will be a great experience for the employees and the customers. If the store leader is unorganized and unwilling to work together, it will be a very hard relationship for both the employee and the customers.
No wait between calls. Busy and long days.
Depending on which building you work in, you may or may not have easy access to [A] the cafeteria, [B] all of the events. Also, for hourly employees, you may end up getting a shift that is less than desirable now and then… but shift cycles rotate often enough that you won't usually get stuck with a bad one for too long, and management is very fair about working with people to get them their top choices.
-Too Extroverted of an environment for anyone that is introverted
Have to put in time
Limited mobility for the majority
The feeling like you need to sell applecare and look at numbers.
Extremely busy, many customers wait very long times and become agitated, some customers are very rude.
There's no defined career path, nor is career development and progression something that is embedded into the culture. You must actively manage your career or stay stagnant. Like every company, things are always rosy.
no free anything, no lunches, gifts.... no free time either
Hours "Cult-like" management Customers can be JERKS Some management can be kinda power trippers or play favorites
Required over time, competitive, and hard to work with managers
Ever increasing responsibilities without proper compensation Hard to take time away Can get "stuck" in certain positions with out any growth opportunities.
You have to be flexible or you won't like it here.
retail store schedule is too varied
none that I know of
too much focus is not good, especially with competition arising.
The stress is intense at times. A whole team of people can be working flat out (including going to China) on a prototype build of your design and you don't even know if it'll work. There's not much work life balance.
- Average Salary - poor bonus with no stocks - Obj C/Cocoa is only matters, don't even bother if you are HTML5/js person - Not much innovation in a lot of departments, especially IS&T - Very little diversity in a lot of departments
As a full time job you don't get paid nearly what you're worth. You often have to deal with insane amounts of ambiguity and constant changes. You are expected to give your life for the company, which can become increasingly difficult if you have another full time job.
errythang, it was no fun.
The inconsistency in being able to plan your life around Apple pretty much makes Apple your life instead of fostering the creativity that Apple so desires in its employees and fosters in its culture.
- Culture of secrecy for the sake of secrecy is extremely damaging. - Impossible or extremely difficult to build your career through public presentations / publications, open-source, etc. - Very ad-hoc and poor software engineering practices and support systems.
mall traffic really sucks. mall food.
everybody wants your discount and the retail teams are not closely tied to the HQ / corporate teams
Lack of remote working opportunities for Finance professionals. The only remote opportunities are for managers and very senior level employees or call center part time jobs. There are a lack of remote opportunities for experienced middle level employees who desire full time roles.
Long hours and ferocious politics over sometimes trivial minutiae (also the reason the pros exist, so take that with a grain of salt).
occasionally entitled customers, not as much technical training as you might hope
Middle management is generally clueless.
The tasks that are assigned become repetitive at times.
Some of the internal tools need work and/or redesign to simplify them. If you need to file a trouble ticket for an issue at your terminal it's like trying to read a 747 flight manual while you're trying to land the plane.
such a huge gap in pay between sales and management
Lack of career path for engineers Very secretive even internally Limited stock grants, its an old company that doesn't put its cash back into its employees
Staff is mean spirited & VERY clickish. If they don't like you, the co-workers will make it difficult for you on a daily basis. Hours are also very UNFLEXIBLE.
The customers and the hard stone floors
Can be demanding but not really a downside.
The popularity factor of all of Apple's products are skyrocketing which is also causing a big rushto get things out there.
it's retail none the less - just somewhat glorified It's not a door to corporate hour requirements are substantial - it's retail It's a retail position - as long as you keep that in mind, you'll find nothing really wrong with the position.
Poor management, little career opportunities. The role is not given much support by the company as a whole, and results in a poor work environment as the business teams try to work with large businesses. Once in the business specialist role there is little room to movie within retail and a very small chance of moving to corporate even though many of the business specialists have wide backgrounds and educations.
Management is friendly, but not very knowledgeable, just want you to sell attachments.
In any retail environment, you run the risk of being micro-managed by a supervisor who doesn't quite understand the scope of your daily activities, nor is attentive to employee needs. Sometimes the management fails to set clear or sustainable expectations. In my time at Apple Retail specifically, I found that we would be so engrossed in the tasks at hand that I wasn't getting adequate breaks, or some days, would end up having to miss lunch altogether on an 8-9 hour shift. Working a desk job, this would not always be an issue. But when you are on your feet for hours a day...
Standing, walking alot, little to no opportunities to sit down aside from break. Very difficult to move up in corporate ladder, they make you jump through quite a lot of hoops.
WORK LIFE BALANCE! Expect long shifts, minimal breaks, with pressure from managers to skip or come back early because it is "busy" Not a workable solution for someone with a family! The Vision of the past has been replaced with an acquisition model, poaching big box retail managers from other companies and bringing them in, which has changed the retail store culture from what it once was, to a much more sterile and in your face style. This is a company that outgrew its roots and has transitioned from a one stop shop where you met friendly passionate people who cared about the products to a circus sideshow or efficiency at all costs - even customer service unfortunately.
Retail hours suck, there is no way around that. Also, the quality of management fluctuates significantly which can lead to significant frustration.
Sometimes powerless to change anything. Lots of work, it's still a rapidly growing company.
Difficult to network cross-departments unless your position allows for it easily. Little emphasis on career and personal development beyond where you are right here, right now.
Not necessarily the best place for entrepreneurs. Inconsistent patterns for advancement.
There is definitely an inability to publish papers. As a scientist, this is important for me, considering I might want a career in academia in the future.
need more room to grow. a lot of employees. i feel like employees could be easily dispensable because of the amount of people applying to this company.
More siloed now than when I was there, meaning more control over output and market secrecy, but less opportunity for the serendipitous "intra-preneurial" event to occur - if that is important to you. The recruiting process is quite a mystery these days.
very expensive products an less holidays
Hectic, self-guided pace, very busy at product releases, mandatory overtime
-Little to no flexibility -Management was clueless at times -Slow to give cost of living adjustments -Very busy and stressful work lifestyle -Virtually NO opportunity to move to corporate positions.
The store could get overwhelmed at times and there are times also where the customers are unreasonable.
Many hours of work, work stranuosly, higher requierment ,every day new problem solution, new customers, new product and speaking, speaking, speaking
Retail hours involving holiday hours
Very demanding learning curve for a 'retail job'. Low pay for level of expertise and involvement required to do job adequately.
- sometimes long hours - sales pressure
-It's still retail. -No commission or bonuses for sales people, even if sales exceed $1million in a year. -VERY busy almost all the time. Becomes stressful. -Limited pay jumps with role changes (from sales to iPhone tech support, there is no raise at my store. From iPhone tech support to "Genius," it's about $3/hr) -Management doesn't manage well. Lots of micro-management. Difficult to get help from management when needed. They all know they have to suck up to the Store Lead, which affects their ability to work FOR the other employees. -Working on weekends and holidays (there's a blackout around winter holidays, so traveling over Christmas is not likely, for example) -Some stores are 24 hours, which means you might have to work some very strange hours. -Not a lot of chances for advancement. -No tangible rewards for good work, generally. -Small annual raises of about 3-5% of your wage.
It's a big company, so there are the general the rules and bureaucracy you don't have at, say, a start-up. There is a strong Apple-focused culture and loyalty which becomes both a strength and a weakness.
Horrible pay, constantly more demands on agents, with no money to justify, and rode on the "Apple" name.
You are rewarded for hard work by leadership positions and more responsibility, but it does not mean that you will earn more compensation
Full-time staff are involved in too-frequent meetings, and they make the same hourly wage as part-time even though there are many additional responsibilities.
Hard to advance Can be draining work everyday
Sometimes coworkers will have drank too much of the Apple Kool-Aid.
The Larger it got, the less the experience mattered to a certain degree
The only complaint I could ever have about working for Apple was that it was difficult to move up to the next level, even when you as an employee are hitting and exceeding the goals set for you. The only other issue I had was with compensation. Delivering the kind of sales results I was should have led to a higher salary and more opportunities.
Very challenging at times, very ambiguous at times, and lots of people that "Just want to work for Apple."
needs more pay for work. it's hard to work for a company that you don't morally support.
The real negative for me was around scheduling. I had a full-time job and this was my part-time job. I never knew what my upcoming schedule was going to be until about a week ahead of time. This made making plans difficult, and interfered with family time.
Customers were difficult at times, store can be very hectic.
Disconnect between what management requests and what is actually doable.
Stingy business model Few employment benefits in form of technology share
Long hours, older tech culture, sometimes trying to be too coll.
Talking to negative people all day can take a toll, and trying to empathize with the customer, and not think they're ungrateful snobs.
Can deal with very challenging customers.
management is usually not experienced in computers, you will be micro-managed, drink the cool-aid or be shunned. Don't be even 5 minutes late or you will be on your way out in no time. Once your a Genius or a manager you've hit the ceiling and corporate does not seek to hire retail employees.
Secrecy and "need to know" mode of information sharing sometimes hamper progress
Worst management and unvalued treatment
Lots of politics. There has been little promotion from within. Senior management has been hiring people from outside Apple that are bringing the negative corporate culture to Apple. Way too many business processes and a very generic approach to running a sales organization.
the cockies are too soft and i dont like them
Low, pay raises, no stock this year after getting it for many years, even having a decent review.
No room to grow. No connection from retail to corporate. Horrible scheduling. Shifts are either far to long or far to short (aka either 9 hours or 4 hours) most often. Pay is not appropriate for the work you will be made to do.
Work schedule is random. Be prepared to be on your feet the whole day. Some customers are ridiculous.
I had a boss that was not working well with my medical condition. I was a phone operator when I was given medication by my doctor that caused frequent bathroom visits for over a month. He was not happy when I had get out of the que.
No cons! I'd like to work here again.
Generally Apple does not compensate employees outside of certain fields very highly. Also in retail the job is typical retail with long hours, holiday work, and a general lack of appreciation.
Very long hours. The culture of secrecy can be fairly annoying at time.
Work/life balance is difficult. The product lifecycles do not allow for much less than a 24/7 workload.
-Arrogant management with so many smoke and mirrors deployed you would think they are running for political office -The amount of whispering and gossip that occurs I have not seen since high school -Lack of advancement opportunities, the more skilled positions are outside hires -All the feedback received is in a manner similar to an assembly line and very impersonal
Not the greatest pay for the amount of work but better than most.
Hours, breaks, work-life balance, pay, company policies are all less than ideal, and appear to be getting worse as time goes on.
- Very little room for error - Whenever you call in sick or miss a day it counts against you much more severely then many other companies. 4 missed shifts in 6 months can constitute grounds for dismissal.
Retail hours expected two out of three days every weekend and they weren't up front about this commitment during interview process. Standing for entire shift and most of the time you are "ON' the entire time.
How can you make it on $30,000 with no commission with a family.
If you're a 20-something, you're accepted! Not so much if you're older... Retail drama
Within Apple retail there is little room for upward mobility, and it is a difficult move to go from retail to corporate. Retail workers are also offered no commission on what they sell.
location, hours, too many supervisors
•Corporate's been making changes recently, some good some bad. There have been pay raises, but scheduling has gotten stricter.
-Ignorant/impatient/rude customers. -Demanding hours for when you are in school (15 minimum) -3 weeks in advanced to request off -Too many people drink the Apple Koolaid -Depending on the store, too metrics/numbers focused (AppleCare, One to One, etc)
The retail portion of the job is no where near the caliber of a corporate position. You're dealing with peers and managers of the caliber of a Best Buy.
Tough hours, retail atmosphere, some of the staff can be very hard to get along with, can feel like management doesn't have your back
Hire from outside rather than internally too often Little chance for ladder climbing Becoming beareaucratic Employee burnout Relentless push for more and higher sales, cloaked in a veneer of "We don't push for sales" Part-time capped at 29 hours, unless they need you more than that. Their choice, not yours.
The company is very big and the secretive and compartmentalized culture can result in individual employee feel isolated and not empowered. Even though the employee benefits is first-class, the compensation package (salary + bonus) is not that great.
- Managers suffering from mental instability or possibly on drugs - Brown nosing definitely superior to intelligent work - Very long hours and weekends, most job roles outside of engineering mind numbingly dull, a CEO who demands work before 6am everyday, & "accountability without control" (that's one of the core values they teach in Apple University management classes btw -- it's Apple culture to get screamed at for things that are beyond your control). - Verbal abuse and intimidating workplace the norm -- everybody craps on somebody while getting crapped on by somebody else - Internal infrastructure (basically everything IS&T builds) constantly breaking, management solution to scream at underlings without fixing root causes or problems - Avoid at all costs unless you really need to money, like getting abused, or God forbid want to work someplace where you're expected to abuse your reports into mindless submission
I dealt with actual verbal abuse from both management and customers on a weekly if not daily basis. I was treated like a peon and a disposable member of an army rather than an actual human being who mattered. There were numerous HR issues with coworkers and managers that almost always got swept under the rug. Disgusting. I would never recommend working here to anyone. Every quarter, employees anonymously review management and ours consistently received a score UNDER 0%. I don't even know how you get a negative percent, but this job sucks so badly that it defies math.
Managers too focused on micromanaging their bonuses
Terrible corporate politics, no forward movement in retail, management is horrible
Sometimes the exact path to help someone else or yourself isn't very clear. (They're definitely working on this.) Also, it can be a very high stress job if you let it. Sometimes people aren't happy with what their device is doing, even if it's their fault, and can blame you.
Felt overworked during certain time periods due to lack of proper hiring or forecasting of demand for applecare technicians.
it is quite a place where there is no free food or other various recreational facilities and so kind off at times it becomes boring and irritated.
Are with many large companies, Apple tends to be quite top-down in its organization. There is little feedback that goes upstream. Add to that the secretive nature of the company and there tends to sometimes be a lack of communication. This can at times stifle collaboration between teams.
You get a sense of being out of the loop at times. Various departments are shut off from one another. It's very competitive too.
Wage and additional compensations for salaries.
Customers can make it hard but that is why you are at work. The wrong Senior Manager can make life at work unbearable.
The company itself is amazing, but the retail side of the company has all the cons of any retail job in the nation, especially concerning retail management, whose visions and overall attitude I would say often differs compared to that of the actual company (outside of retail). As the company grows larger and larger, the quality of employee that Apple has had to hire to keep up with business has had an impact on the quality of service in my opinion.  Another problem I had for a time was the social aspect of the store that I was in. Even though I was great at my job, if I wasn't a social butterfly that went out with the 'in-crowd' of my store's employees on a frequent basis, it hurt my chances of advancement (I actually had coaching sessions about this from management which is COMPLETELY ridiculous. For a time even though I had top notch technical and customer service numbers in the store, the fact that I didn't like to go out drinking set a promotion that I was more than ready for back a few months. But this is more attributed to the retail management side of things than Apple as a company).
Very busy work environment and high demand work needed.
long work hours, few vacation days
Not all people managers are as skilled as they could be which can create friction and discomfort in the workplace.
We didn't get enough time for lunch
Not for the faint of heart, underpaid compared to the sales you bring in, normal retail downsides
upper management - the pay - the perks.
Retail, Corporate BS, Underdeveloped Middle Management, Pay for retail employees
crazy customers sometimes make the job environment a little hectic
SUPER strict, don't think about coming in late. Overtime shifts during product launches are super crazy and people are a little to heated
Moving up to corporate from retail is utterly opaque. There is no clearly defined path for those who wish to make that leap. I find that most frustrating because I know an awful lot of people like myself who can offer substantial benefit to corporate based upon our retail experience.  Another gripe is the compensation. Based upon the revenue I generate I am receiving less that 1% in salary. I find that manifestly unfair especially based upon the salaries and benefits that corporate employees receive.
low pay and bad hours are all a part of the retail experience.
pretty much teaching customers how to use the computer and trouble shooting all the time
I think because of the strict work schedules (ie, working from home is frowned upon) combined with the brutal amount of work and hours you need to put in here this is a really burnout job where your health and personal life will be severely challenged. Most of the people in Ops are new for a reason. Management knows it is an issue but "can't seem to figure out how to solve it" which in a nutshell means they are sympathetic but unwilling to do anything real about it. Your work and personal life will know no boundaries... Except calls daily during dinner with the family, don't try and go see a movie after work, calls at night with Asia teams, and never feel like you can "unplug" . High Stress.
I didn't like wearing the blue t-shirt, a small gripe Also, all the customers think you have to know everything to work there
- Work/life balance is not there - Apple doesn't necessarily groom their employees to learn a specific skillset, they will simply hire someone who already has the skillset - There is no one to help you out initially and it is extremely easy to get lost in all the confusion
not much upward mobility, the pay is good for retail, but not enough for the amount of time, energy and effort it takes to actually be successfully in company.
Very loud, stressful environment. Very crowded. Somewhat smothering "culture." Crazy schedule. Sometimes worked night shift & morning shift back to back. Difficult to make full time employment. A huge void between the sales employees and the FRS team or skilled employees. Lots to learn every day - some times overwhelming - especially for part time employees.
Poor work/life balance. Employee discounts are less than desirable. Because working for Apple is considered "it's own reward" there is a tendency to pay on the lower side of the spectrum. Unfortunately applicants will take the below industry rates just to be at apple.
Lots of rules, some of which can be broken, but unclear which. There is a bit of a glass ceiling - it can be hard to move up. And there is a lot of ambiguity, sometimes it's not entirely clear what is actually expected of your performance vis a vis with what management is saying.
Pay could have been better, but I was only looking for part-time work. The store was located inside a mall, so you're basically a mall employee, just like the sales folks at the Gap or Brookstone. Parking at the mall was pretty bad and not safe at night.
If your not a couch potato that has no life other than video games then this is the perfect job for you. If your someone that wants a life outside of work than this is not for you. Vacation please, you get time off but don't expect to be able to use the time, cause they will tell you no for some reason.
Hard working, need work and life balance
Moving to another position is almost impossible in the retail stores because of the number of employees it becomes incredibly competitive.
Our store was very small and outdated for the demand we face. The managers sometimes forget that our job is customers AND repairs, and lately our scheduling has been abysmal.
Lots of managers.. so it can get confusing when you're told to do one thing, and then corrected... then corrected again... A lot of competition for any position in the Family room (Family Room Specialist, Creative, Genius.)
Horrible hours - I was working 6pm to 2am. Difficult interviews for badged positions Expect to work holidays- this is a call center job Micromanagement
What good are employees compensation programs if you can't afford to be a part of them? The Following Sentence describes Apple Retail best for most people working there... It's like being a waiter or maid at the Ritz Carlton Hotel. Sad to say but true,you can get by but only if you can count on someone else's salary within your household or as most people there you have roommates, go to school or have another job that actually pays the bills.
Incompetent middle management. Lots of politics and gossipping. Incompetent people are being promoted.
- No free lunches (although dinner for the core teams is free) - Very few engineering offices ( 3 main locations ), No international offices (unlike competitors like Microsoft, Facebook and Google) - No Swimming Pool
Working here can be too 'in your face' at times! Especially during the holidays, back-to-school, and product launch times.
The pace and the products can be hard to keep up with. There is a lot of stress and demand on every employee. It's super busy.
Stores have clicks. Apple is a big popularity contest, If you are liked and live.sleep. eat and speak the Apple "Credo" you will succeed. Unfortunately If you are yourself, not fake, don't go beyond your outlined job description, forget to use the phrase "no worries" at least 10 times a day and most certainly if you are not tied to the hip of your managers you will not succeed.
Competitive culture be prepared to fight for your ideas
-Poor management all around -Severe lack of communication -Many empty promises -Hard to advance, even in store -Little to no work-life balance -Raises not high enough
Lots of work Lots of skill needed
Though advancement within is frequent, moves are often lateral and are more for opportunity that increased compensation.
Large company, prefer smaller organizations instead of being a cog.
low pay, retail hours and all the negatives that come with it.
Horrible management. There are probably more managers than there are ICs. The reason for this is Apple just promotes people based on years at Apple. First level managers have no mgmt or leadership skills. I've never seen so many managers have one direct report. Even then, they are not really managing. Awful culture. No training, no support. Everyone is ultra competitive. Zero work life balance. Expect to work 18 hour days, 6.5 days/week. Frequent travel, up to 50%.
HORRIBLE personal development...as in, it doesn't exist. Apple's super "secrecy" is used at Retail level to keep employees out of the loop of what management's plans are, and again to prevent you as a retail employee from achieving personal development and rising up to the ranks of management...you are like a wheel in the car...and if you choose to get personal development elsewhere on your own dime like i did, your managers will get PISSED., they really don't like wheels turning into drivers on their watch, you are not hired to be a driver at Apple, only "executives" can do that...and if you want to be an executive, you sure as hell better have the degrees and experience to back up your name. Although Tim Cook may claim "Politics Don't Exist At Apple." He is only referencing the camaraderie between the current team of 10 people who run the company, at the retail level to succeed..."you need to know how politics work, and you need to know more than 99% of others." Only then will you be able to "beat the games" that are played there, but when you figure it out, they don't want you there, because "YOU ARENT SUPPOSED TO KNOW."
Sometimes you just gotta work a lot. And it can effect your home life.
Inflexible hours uneducated management team stupid/entitled/spoiled/idiotic customers Favoritism/Unclear requirements for promotions
Ask you to do which is not your specialty area, and what they or their people don't want to take the risks.
If working under pressure and time constrain environment would drive you crazy, Apple Store is not for you. It gets hectic sometime but I never bring 'it' home.
they are always in your face and sometimes you feel you can never do good enough. Sometimes the managers can be real jerks though
Very rigid corporate structure. The go out of their way to make work not fun. Some days have mandatory overtime even if you have school.
Terrible hours and scheduling, insane brainwashing 24/7/365, little to no career development, promises with no results, insanely stupid customer base.
competitive work environment, average pay
No commission, poor career growth, bad pay. They hire 90% of their managers externally! Good luck working your way up. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone with ambition or a degree.
Strict work schedules, very autocratic, stress level is very high.
Constant standing, very competitive work environment.
Pay could be better but the benefits is amazing.
Sometimes stressful at times Management not always available at peak times Customers take out their frustrations on the employees not understanding that we are doing our best to help.
None that I know of at the current time of my employment
Overworked and not paid the best salary
Ambiguity is the name of the game. If you cannot deal with ever changing processes Apple is not the place for you. Not enough pay and pay increases for the amount of training your must complete. The most intense customer interactions you'll experience in retail. Actually have seen co-workers attacked by customer trying to get an iPad. Some of the jobs that require much more responsibility, training and testing to acquire do not come with a pay increase.
always short staffed which makes it hard to handle number of customers
Managers play favorites and create Hell for nonfavorites
If you're not careful, the workload can get a bit overwhelming, and there's the danger of burnout. You really have to stay on top of your own work/life balance.
Changing schedules interfere with planning
Working there used to feel like you were part of a family… no longer. No benefits for part time. Not easy to get full time. Not much chance of advancement in the retail stores unless you want to be Store Manager as a career goal.
Management politics. Apple has too many chiefs and not enough indians. Apple is populated by leaders. Subsequently there is a lot of head-butting.
Micro-managed from far away in California. Stores have very little control and must be uniform in every way. One can see why this is so, with Apple Retail's success, but it can be discouraging.
Not Employee-focused: Does not provide training time that they require employees to complete in order to advance in the company, provides lateral movement but rarely promotional advancements, difficult to move from retail to corporate, management team needs to be effectively trained in using soft skills with employees
Secrecy makes things much harder than they could be Long hours Burn-off
Nothing found yet. Its awesome workplace.
Working from home was not for me. I would rather get up and go to work. The pay for At Home Advisors is less than iOS Support. If you want to work for Apple, go through a temp agency and you will have the opportunity to be hired on permanently.
inconsistent scheduling. Most weeks with staggered days off.
Too many managers doing nothing but watching the employees Too much micromanaging
Retail hours are difficult. Holidays are CRAZY, but fun.
- Expectations are high and hours can be long - Compensation seems below average, especially for a company doing as well as Apple - Lack of structure can be challenging at times
The work-life balance is off kilter compared to other tech jobs in the valley. Excellence is the norm so don't expect gratitude for doing your job.
very demanding job, Work/Personal life balance not good. Management is not on the same page on many things. Many customers have a "Sense of entitlement" and not friendly. Management is not all up so speed on technology and Apple products.
you have to do too much work. sometimes it creates pressure on the employee.
Changing to different positions can take a while. Sometimes managers are lackluster (as with everywhere). Long hours on your feet. Although custom career paths were offered it often came as a last priority option when many weeks being skipped altogether. I also have several scheduling issues where I was repeatedly being scheduled outside of my availability although I had clearly (and repeatedly) communicated with management.
sometimes too much of workload.
The customers are demanding, the support side of the store is set up to maximize the use of evry employee on staff and it can get very stressful on holidays, weekends, and summers. Little movement up the retail ladder and no possibility of going into corporate.
long working hours, including weekend sometimes..
Not a family friendly place to work. You're required to work one weekend day, meaning you never get a full weekend with your family, if you have one. The shifts range in start times. Great pay for retail, but in the grand scheme of things, and considering what Apple brings in, it's pretty low for what they expect from you. You're supposed to always be 'on' and be an encyclopedia of Apple knowledge, which is fine. Just know that going in. You're on stage before you even enter the store, in the break rooms, at lunch, and even when you're walking to your car.  One big deal is that it's a very uncomfortable place to work, physically. It looks like a spaceship, and is about as ergonomic. The chairs for the tables are horrible, and the slate floors are murder for full time shifts. Even the break rooms are cramped, noisy, highly trafficked, and uncomfortable.  They're also Draconian in their confusing point system for tardiness and absences. It's done in so many great employees. It seems to be MUCH more important than the quality of their staff. They'd rather have mediocre staff with perfect attendance than amazing people who are a little late now and then. Example: you get a point if you're more than three minutes late. You can be let go very easily. So if you live on flex-time, Apple isn't going to work out for you. You're only allowed to Think Different when you're not on the clock.  There's also very few places to go in the company once you're in, which isn't bad for most people, but it's definitely not a way to go further with Apple beyond their retail structure.
Way too busy for the amount I got paid. i did a lot more work than somebody at this salary should have done. Never recognized for my jobs well done. Management obviously run by a very specific type of person, very cliquey.
Clueless managers hired from outside Apple (Starbucks) Fluctuating Schedules. Not a lot of upward movement for current employees.
The only downsides to working at the Apple store is the low pay compared to the amount of money that you bring into the store. Because there is no comission on sales even if you sell $100k in a month (which is typical at my store) you do not recieve any extra compensation.
It's retail. Most people will never make an engineer's or corporate salary.
As of yet, I really don't have any cons....
long hours, with non stop customer traffic, demand is very high
- No work/life balance - No direct career paths - Average compensation (pre-stock) - Average to below-average perks - Having to deal with growing and encroaching bureaucracy
As in all companies, had to work with some stubborn and arrogant people
Any position as a call agent in a call center can get monotonous at times, but the purpose of this group is so important, that boredom is a rarity.
Through training and internal career development there is limited/disproportionate compensation, the hours weren't very flexible.
One word: retail. Unable to have a fixed schedule, deal with cranky customers on a daily basis, managers who don't really know the product (unable to support you). Apple seems to target those without much direction, and gives them hope that they will be able to advance and then never actually promote them (besides money-making machines). Hard to get a job here, even harder to advance once you're in
- High-volume work. - Schedules weren't really flexible.
Terrible hours, no pay raises, never was able to move up - even after promises of such. Was given 3 promotions in less than 6 months, but never received any monetary rewards for it. The discount wasn't enough for us to actually OWN the products we had to showcase and teach to users on a daily basis.
Lot of work here, aggressive schedules.
There is no room for mediocracy at Apple. If you're not an "A" performer, it will become apparent all too soon and you'll be down the road at Google.
Employees are expected to perform/exceed all expectations without a platform for higher earnings capacity...Apple historically doesn't pay as well as competitors...
Constant pressure to sell add-ons to products, i.e. extended warranties and training packages. Managers are old-school, retail management lifers- they open and close and count the money. No opportunities for advancement into management.
Work lots and lots of hours
Limited to no work life balance, despite Apple's claim to endorse such a balance. There is an endless amount of work, and it feels like there is never a quiet moment. As a culture, Apple doesn't look back, which can make it difficult as there is rarely ever a moment where your past contributions are acknowledged. You always have deficiencies in your individual performance. When you are able to sort those out, there is little acknowledgement that you accomplished addressing them beforyou are given more to sort out. It feels like an endless process, that can de-motivate. Culture shift following the passing of Steve Jobs was palpable, the hard-charging 'pirate era' gave way to the staid corporate era, where audits are common and individual creativity is discouraged. Retail Senior Lederahip positions are being filled with big-box veterans, who have little to no ability to generate creative ideas and solutions to leadership and management challenges, beyond the bad habits and limited thinking that they used to eek through previous employment.
In engineering, if you were not in Cupertino you were not considered to be in the same class. I gained weight from eating at Cafe Mac.
Things change quite often and sometimes create confusion amongst staff.
Very high pressure environment, Product release schedules are absolutely key.  Company secrecy is crazy - prototype hardware is kept under strict lockdown and people have lost their jobs for small gaffes.
No oversight, which can be problematic
Hard to get promoted. Can be repetitive. Lots of secrecy and paranoia.
Incestuous workplace, difficult scheduling, hard to have a life outside of work at times.
Management hired many incompetent directors to manage design teams. Lots of politics. No respect for employees. Very immature and arrogant behavior toward vendors. There are managers who favor employees of his/her ethnicity, even able to hire relatives into the team. Lied to his/her team frequently.
The pay is really, really bad. The hours are straight retail. No weekends off. Can't say how much of a downside the low pay is.
The store is constantly busy. Downtime in unheard of.
Hard to move up, a lot of competition. You have to be contracted in a lot of the time, and can be let go for no reason.
I have to drive 45 miles to work
Crazy pace, need for secrecy sometimes means doing work twice when changes happen in schedule or releases.
The attendance policy was overly strict & caused a few well respected long time employees to lose their jobs. Absences for illness were also tracked in a strange way. The posted schedule had a tendency to change without notice, and the online schedule system was frequently inaccessible.
Awful hours. They say numbers are irrelevant, to keep your job they arent, to get promoted, they are number one
There is not as much room for growth as I would like. After a while, it is easy to feel dispensable. The turnover rate can be high, there isn't much flexibility with hours, and it gets difficult to manage a good work/life balance.
Too much secrecy, dog eats dog, poor life balance
It is still a retail environment and any role you take in the store you will still be working retail type hours.
Shady Senior Management. Very demanding schedule (product lunches). Pressure to preform well.
Management isn't the most competent, and retail stores are very politically driven. Promotions are sometimes rewarded by effort and ability, but most of the time it is the favorite. Thus, moving up and career advancement are difficult in this company because the decisions are made arbitrarily. Most information passed down to employees is subjective.
The pay for what's expected of you is low. Of course, the schedule isn't the best but it's retail- you go in knowing this. Management (at least in this specific location) is extremely discouraging. I've been in two other locations and never experienced this. Almost everyone (and I mean everyone- I have positive relationships with about 90% of the staff, neutral with the rest, which consists of leadership and new hires I don't know yet) expresses disappointment with their interactions, lack of real acknowledgement and recognition, and leaderships' focus on negativity. If you have a heartfelt opinion that you think would benefit the team and the business (which I vividly remember Apple as a culture ENCOURAGING THIS) you're beaten down- they accuse you of being negative, lacking social tact (quoted- seriously!) and any chances for advancements quashed. The leadership team picks favorites and fosters this strange environment that makes you feel unwelcome, muffled and worthless. They seem to not like older people, particularly ladies- which I think is due to the feelings of one manager specifically who is quite obviously a misogynist. They also have a habit of creating their own policies outside of Apple corp's HR rules, such as vacations not exceeding 12 days (even though you can take up to 14. Almost everyone that's been there at least 8-12 months is leaving or actively pursuing opportunities elsewhere.
The only real thing I can think of is people assume you are an arrogant "know it all", and some of the people that come in to the store can be rude.
There are often times where things are very busy, and when this happens sometimes one might deal with aggravated customers--this environment is not for everyone.
Biggest challenge was balancing work and home life. The pace of the company is better suited to people in the early part of their career. As someone who now has a young family, career has taken a back seat. Unfortunately, I couldn't balance my changing priorities with my job. I would love to be back at Apple, but I cherish being able to have dinner with my kids every night.
It's take a long time and a lot of work to advance.
The place is chaotic. (probably true for any consumer electronic company) Everyone is an individual contributor essentially, so most of the time, your managers don't have good understanding of what/how you're doing. The promotion is very difficult to come by. Internal politics are quite ugly. HR can't help you at all.
Very secretive and generally unwilling to disclose any information.
Insane hours Crazy customers Leadership could be better, too many cases to elaborate Yet at certain times it's almost as if managers expect way too much out of their employees. Long hours will cause you to feel drained physically and emotionally. Advancement in the company? It's rare so you had better have a stable back up plan or you can forget it.
If you kiss ass you'll get promoted more quickly. The time and attendance policy was horrible!! They have no mercy for people that are quality employees and have been there for some time.
24 Hour Store meant that scheduling conflicts were bound to happen. Some people use the display computers like an internet cafe
Very low wages. Promotion opportunities are more titles than wage or salary.
You may see your selling millions of dollars of products and services in one year for your company but your only going to see a annual paycheck of $20,000 to $35,000 a year.
The pay is a joke, especially given how much information they expect you to know, the metrics they use to measure job performance are flawed and provide an incomplete picture at best, some managers are nice, but others are a nightmare to work for and will nitpick you to death over insignificant details.
if you want to advance better start applying so that by your 2nd year you can easily apply for opportunities
retail can be a stressful place
-weekends are almost impossible to have off - working in retail requires you too work weekends -CAN be a SLOW career path
Cheap, low pay & benefits
Advancement can be difficult because you work with a lot of really qualified people. There is also a lot of external competition for the jobs available.
Hard work for very little pay. No more bonuses or opportunity for increases. Hours are crappy but thats retail for you. Things change everyday and often times you aren't warned or even briefed until you asked.
They really work you hard and you are busy a lot of the time which can be hard for some people but overall all of the work you put in is well appreciated and recognized!
Salary isn't really competitive. So many people want to work for Apple, they don't really have to be. Huge disconnect and equality between Cupertino employees and retail employees. Recognition can be iffy. They heavily rely on peer to peer feedback.
Long hours, very few tolerance for breaks, no breathing room, and pay is not very good compared to other high level support positions.
Standard retail pay makes the job less attractive, unless you are really committed to a career in retail. Otherwise, as a PT for-the-time-being job, it's acceptable.
salary in some roles. politics when trying to move forward.
Way too much going on. With everyone trying to innovate there can be conflicting agendas between groups. The need for secrecy makes for special challenges in trying to coordinate cross-functionally.
Can be very overwhelming in their retail environment, not for everyone.
Compensation sucks! I don't understand why they pay retail employees so little compared to how much money we help bring in money for the company! I don't want a hoodie or a company bowling night! I want a raise!!! How about that Tim C?
unbalanced work life over loaded with work
- Vicious, cut-throat, political environment, it is all about whose good side you are on. Culture of Fear permeates, it is like always walking on eggshells - Many good employees have left out of frustration - No upward mobility, no career growth potential, little opportunity given to change roles, lot of pigeonholing - HR is useless, terrible performance reviews - ZERO work/life balance, you sell your soul to the company - Intense, driven work environment, extremely stressful at all times
-Specific stores have poor management: Some 'leaders' were brought in from various retail chains like AE and GAP, which have little or nothing to do with how Apple is as a company. Clothing retail chains do not reflect the type of environment that managers need to succeed with Apple. Speaking literally for multiple employees, there are/were managers that work(ed) at this particular store and held down the talent of some employees that were really special. Maybe the management felt threatened? Maybe they can't understand the true potential of these workers? Either way, I have kept in contact with these people that were held back from getting a chance to succeed in Apple, and they have gone on to be extremely successful! A.k.a, from the 3 I know who left from being held down by these team 'leaders', 2 are managers in their own career field (IT and Engineering), and the other owns his own business! Given the opportunity, I believe Apple would have been better off recycling its own employee potential, and should have given these folks an opportunity with other stores, or within their own store.  Honestly, I can point back to where Apple 'harvests' its management from, and its not usually from its own employees, but from other retail chains that can't touch the high bar to how amazing Apple retail really is. That is truly the darkside of some of these stores.
obvious favoritism in promotions, lack of leadership skills with my particular store, and very strict late policy.
You work for praise, no bonus, no commission, no incentives. Crazy unpredictable scheduling. Promotions are merely job titles, not financial. Extremely vague growth path, LOTS of talk but very little action for financial and personal growth. You can't afford any of the products you sell! It doesn't feel like retail to the customers, but it sure feels like retail when you're working there.
Wish Pay was a little higher.
Very limited opportunities for advancement past the front-line technical support position. Constant focus on meeting the numbers. Limited interaction with coworkers. Limited & ineffective continuing technical training. If you aren't good at self-directed learning and troubleshooting you will not do well at this job.  The hourly pay is not commensurate with the abilities that you need to have to do the job well, and there is extremely little flexibility to reward more skilled employees with higher pay. If you do a mediocre job then the pay is appropriate, if you do an excellent job, and have sharp technical skills, you could be making easily double or triple working as an independent consultant.
Slow growth at higher levels, some times the job demands to much and your body just gives up. The floors can kill your back, good shoes replaced every three months is key. If you are career driven it can be difficult at times.
With too many superstar, it's difficult to shine and sparkle. Everyone strives to get a rare chunk of management's attention, always. Coworkers are wisely behaving nice as only teamwork keeps you in the loop, which is so essential for survival at Apple. But don't be foolish. Everyone has her secret personal agenda. Your boss will most likely be an accidentially promoted engineer, not a manager. Good ideas are always welcome, but don't act surprised when yours are put down at first and later get presented by somebody else than you, in a meeting where you are not invited. Be prepared to fight for your family life and against burn out, everyday. Expectations and pressure can be almost unbearably high. On a day where you decide to not work at night, everybody else on your team will and you will learn next morning that you have been blocking at least half of them.
long hours crappy pay discounts were not good honestly i would not recommend this to anybody who wants to work a decent job
There aren't any downsides to list
Hours can be very long, you stay until things are done. Stress can also be very high due to aggressive schedules and high expectations. Office politics can be frustrating, especially across teams.
Certain individuals holding management roles has no common sense.
- Unreasonable customer expectations (e.g. customers feeling like they deserve a new iPhone because they have AppleCare, which is a warranty not insurance, after the phone is dropped) - Very high goal targets (90% customer satisfaction) where irrelevant/incorrect (e.g. for another adviser) or really bad customer expectations are not weeded out
Its great for retail! But... it is still retail. They work with you schedule the best they can but it isn't always ideal.
During some holiday seasons and product launches you may be asked to work some additional hours. It is not a very big deal though because you get to choose when you want to work.
Limited flexibility in adjusting schedule. Inability to train remotely.
low pay compared to other tech support positions in other companies
At times there can be a stress on numbers that seems borderline too much. Sometimes there are customers who have unrealistic expectations.
deal with some really bad customers at time, sometimes tough to grow if managers are not on your side, hard to get to corporate through here
The hours can be somewhat erratic. If you don't deal well with change or ambiguity it would not be for you.
in-store discount could be way better, "fearless feedback" from people on the same level as you who don't have the necessary experience to correct you
The only thing I didn't like was the hours I had to work, however, this falls more on a personal responsibility than a company's.
Low wages. Low wages. Low wages. So yeah, low wages coupled with little opportunity for career advancement out of retail into Apple corporate makes for an extremely high turnover ratio.
Too many people start working for Apple Retail thinking it's a career job. It's not. Even if your aspiration is to manage a retail store, you'll have to go get experience elsewhere before Apple will promote you to that position. Pay is about average for retail work, but you will sell significantly more product than just about anywhere else. It will become a bit discouraging to know you are working for the most valuable company on the planet and all of your hard work is rewarded with some cheap trinket during the holidays.
Too busy and too many meetings. Not too much time to improve yourself. Schedule is tight and deadline is always there.
- even though it's decent pay for a college student, def. couldn't make this your career if you aren't a manager. - holiday retail hours stink - not enough time to train - favoritism is definitely seen throughout the entire market.
lack of experienced middle level manager, making organic long-term development for the entire company is somehow hard. company is more focus on R&D, other than robust supply chain.
Its a retail job its hard to make a living with for the rest of your life unless you make it to management which is one really hard place to get to unlike all the other aspects and jobs.
- Growth of retail stores means every day is hectic - Too many new people get hired and on-boarding process is laughable - Burnout rate is high among good Geniuses - most of the good ones ending developing something cool and getting a job somewhere else - They used to pay Geniuses a lot more - Management teams are hit/ miss (and the managers rotate sometimes across teams, so one manager that you get along with might be in charge of a different team next quarter)
Everything is a secret, very little communication. They keep pushing for more work. High stress, very little down time. Not a lot of opportunity for personal growth
Long commute, long ladder to climb up, long wait for conversion for contractors.
low pay for most due to the large workforce. Mean manager who does not really care about you, only about himself
-Senior managment was great, but middle manager was a nuisance -Sometimes difficult to circumvent middle management -Not all reps were create equal
Customers are becoming more "trend" customers rather than highly educated Insufficent pay Dated time measurement and vacation policies Business needs will never be met by staffing Development and employee issues will always be put 2nd
Management No work-life balance Cult-like atmosphere Very demanding hours Very strict company policy
Managers can be tools. Especially if they come from Best Buy. They do not understand Apple culture and are ONLY driven by sales not the experience.
Balancing work and life......needing to remember your own personal boundaries and speaking to them - take the risk.
Retail hours suck, and restrict any sort of work-life balance. There is almost no room for advancement from retail, the pinnacle is Genius, Expert, or Creative. After that, it's nearly impossible to go on to management and it is even less likely for someone to go on to corporate.
those that succeed are not necessarily qualified
There is no real variation in the employees there. Management can be kind of stuck up about how important they are. Tying to that, you don't get incredible benefits...
Can't always get your preferred job assignment
To much promoting from outside the company. Not enough internal advancement.
No bacon in the cafe.
up to this point I have no complaints
Be prepared to put in some time before you move on also can be had as dept heads like to hold onto people
With the number of associates they hire, it's very difficult to move up. Internet is available on all the computers making it awkward to kick somebody off so you can demo product for customer.
Salary is low for the amount of revenue they make
It is still retail, lousy pay.
Hard I move from retail To corp. you basically need to k ow someone.
Loads of ambiguity. At the end of the day, it's still retail so hours will never be what you want them to be.
If you are geographically bound to a remote or field office, opportunity for advancement is limited. Relocation is often necessary.
its a lot of work, and there is a lot of dues to pay before one should expect a promotion
At Apple Retail, the word "career" gets tossed around a lot. Make no mistake, this is a retail job like any other in terms of growth opportunity. If you don't aspire toward retail management, there isn't much for you to gain here.
Apple Retail has huge gaps in manager performance since most have little to no knowledge of electronics or computer sales and are often promoted to their greatest inadequacy.
Crazy hours/days off and a WEIRD SALES model makes this a difficult place to work. No metrics and a very arrogant company. Pay is cheap, as they get away with it because they are "Apple." Senior managers at Apple (at least in Austin) are clueless with the exception of one or two. Very hard to advance. Contractors are treated awful, so if you are going in as a VOLT employee, I would advise against this having seen how they are treated.
- crazy long hours - drink the cool aid - no one ever says no
Not much of any downsides. Not enough space perhaps? Apple has grown so much that we have to double and triple up.
Monetary compensation is truly lacking for the amount of responsibilities and traffic piling through the doors.
Poor management by some, very unprofessional behavior of some who were favored. No oversight by senior management. Not widespread but apalling in some cases. No real chance for advancement or career change, I tried for a year to find a new role but no one was interested. I had a strong history but my role was eliminated for business reasons which I accepted. I would have preferred to stay with the company but never found an option, so I left and I was glad I did.
Politics plays a role on your success at Apple.
The customers can be pretty difficult sometime because of the prices of the products but other than that is it awesome.
Little understanding when sick or need to take a personal day - will fire you without question in you go over 3 missed days. Unforgiving about technical issues and will make you pay for them to be fixed. Not flexible with schedule -- will have you work at inconvenient times. Very high expectations.
Really competitive, stressful, raises are small or non-existent.
lack of management support to deal with customers who are disrespectful
Even though its a good work environment it's still retail at the end of the day.
Apple Retail is hit or miss when it comes to management teams. It can be a great experience if you get the right people!
Can tend to be over worked. Breaks are not given Bonuses and vacation has been cut. Benefit prices have gone up and up. Management is not held accountable by their superiors. No desire to promote employees beyond the retail locations.
This job is very near the bottom of the totem pole. As a technical support advisor you hear every complaint from both the customer as well as management. Most people expect apple products to be perfect which wears on you. The pay is average.
No real upward mobility. A LOT of repetitive tasks, i.e. showing people the basics over and over again, swapping out iPhones all day.
No speculating about rumors or potential products, even though you want to. Company is growing so fast that they can't keep up with customer demand in the store.
People hired after you get paid more and you can't discuss pay with management because you sign an agreement not to reveal your pay to other specialists. Fearless feedback is a joke. I've gone through giving fearless feedback only for no change to happen.
secrecy of new products, lack of promotion from within
Very high paced environment. Sometimes stressful  Since Apple is such a high volume business there is a lot to keep track of  Some information has a hard time being dispersed among employees
The pay could always be better, but in Apples case, they have so many people who would love to work there, that they can offer a less competitive salary and still get great employees. The environment and work keep people around, but the salaries in certain rolls only permit someone to go so far.
i really dont think there are any cons it is really a fantastic place to work. In time the money will be better
Best! Crazy good in every way
High pressure work environment and every team is keen on their own processes. Project plans change fast but the deadlines don't.
There is really nothing bad that I can say about Apple. I only ever worked part-time at Apple and loved every minute of it. If you can deal with angry customers, you'll be fine.
-Low pay -low respect -Depressingly dead end -There is a perpetuated story that retail employees will have chances to move to corporate, this is pure fiction.  -Full of "failed to launch" art school alumni -It is easier for unexperienced outsiders to be put into management positions than current employees.  -the GAP-ple retail joke is true
The only thing I could say in this department would be that sometimes the communacation isn't there all the time. When working on something new you need to look at the trail all the way to the end to see who it all effects.
Non salary employees rotate schedules every 3 months. OT requirements during Christmas and working Christmas.
It's hard to advance in the store, but thats a compliment (in a way) to Apple (for choosing good employees).
i really cannot think of any disadvantage of working for apple, they simply appreciate good work and good employees. AWESOME.
Apple is Apple, but retail is not exactly what you'd think. You're either literally offered promotions, or you're not. You can work as hard as you can, and magically, people with lesser experience will be promoted before you. If you can be among the magically promoted few, all the more power to you. If you're not, you will definitely know.
The number of people who come to the Apple Store is sometimes overwhelming.
Biggest con is the fact that its retail, not always the best hours, but management works with us for our schedule. Not enough time in the day to develop myself in order to progress from position to position because the traffic is so heavy. I need to take more initiative in this area however. Could find some ways to help retail employees have more incentive: free products or fun, non-customer affected contests (not suggesting commission, but metric based things...?)
Well..There's almost nothing..But if I need to choose sometimes or usually there is so many people that comes in so that it is really hard..
Nothing so far! It's been a great experience.
I haven no experienced any downsides to working at Apple yet...
No free lunches, gym etc.
retail hours and working holidays.
There are no cons for working here.
While Apple pays better relative to other retail environments, considering Apple's massive cash assets and the knowledge their employees are expected to display, I would expect them to compensate their employees somewhat better. Apple's attitude on the matter is that their work environment is an "experience" which is as rewarding as cash compensation. While I understand and appreciate the value of this work environment, you can't pay the bills with "experience."
Very busy and am underpaid compared to competitors
I can't think of any...
nice to work with apple
I cant think of any, they give out free apples to employees, cons would just be those that apply to all companies in general, whatever that may be!
The amount of stress and over crowding that goes on in the store because it's so small and we have so much influx of clients on top of the amount of employees is a bit much. Corporate keeps denying a bigger store but we break fire code daily. All of this on top of angry customers makes for a very poor workplace. They seem to hire whoever for whatever. Experience doesn't matter and new hires tend to get paid more than the people who have been there for years. They hold so much emphasis on growth and helping you to move up in the company but they do nothing to back it up, mostly because they are always "too busy."
Sometimes it takes a serious amount of brown nosing and hoop jumping to get any sort of vertical growth within the company. Management can be distant or downright lazy. Corporate dictates many stupid rules that don't always make sense for individual stores.
The pay is not as high as I believe it should be. The work can be a bit stressful.
Stuck in your office all day.
Must be flexible with work schedule. Compensation is not always desirable. The growing pains from a small to large company
The only downside of working at Apple is the fact that I have to go home at the end of the day. I honestly love this company.
I worked retail at Best Buy and didn't feel so much as a cog as I did at Apple. In retail, you can progress quickly and do well and be recognised. At Apple Corporate, I knew people who'd been in the same middle-management job for 15 years. In a company growing at the rate of Apple, that's frightening.  Couple that with the compartmentalisation within Apple and it's hard to move around or up. People get too specialised and therefore, stuck.
A lot of work, low pay, very hard to be promoted, too much brain washing...
Products go out the door on a schedule. Those schedules can be aggressive. If you can't deliver, you are left behind.
Even though I had a very high percentage of sales in certain areas and they gave me praise I never got promoted. One reason stated by a manager was that I was doing to well in the area that I was in so and they couldn't afford to lose me to another area of the store, ie. Genius. I then asked for a raise and only annual raises are given...A mere .45 cents. Work almost full-time hours without the full-time pay or benefits. For a company that is the most profitable in the world, you would think they would kick back a bit more for their employees.  Apple needs to figure out a better way to get the message across to customers on how the store operates. I spent so much time getting yelled at by unsatisfied customers because they didn't know they were suppose to check in or where to purchase an item. They greatly need to increase the staff for the amount of traffic each store receives on a daily basis. This understaffing lead to many unsatisfied customers taking it out on employees which in turn make for a very trying day, which turns into every work day.
Things can get stressful we're a company who releases new products constantly and you have to be up on the latest technology all the time.
Retail hierarchy, the corporation holding a carrot in front of your nose incessantly. Laughable wages, and even more bitingly hilarious system for raises.(not based on individual performance and is only once a year. Best wage increase being $.50-$.75 to hope for.)
Depends on management and location of experience. Promotions are mostly laterale without pay raise.
Could pay more. Needs to be more sympathetic to full time students. They are terrible with being flexible with school schedules. The sheer amount of employees can be overwhelming. I feel like I'm in high school again. The type of employees Apple attracts can be annoying as well. If I wanted to go to Williamsburg to see a bunch of hipsters, I would have.
long work hours, probably too long at times the focus on perfection can become stressful when deadlines approach secrecy all around the place: you can know a lot about what goes on in your group, but anything beyond that is a mystery
At first it was amazing. Now its turned into the GAP. it is retail and i understand that but make it fun again. don't concentrate on numbers give employees development help them grow ... let us wear flip flops n have a lot of earrings. bring the old apple back.
you have to dedicate yourself, its a 24/7 thing
i have no complaints as of yet.
You have to completely buy into to the "Apple Speak" if you want to move up in the company. They say we are not a numbers driven company, but when it comes to promotions and pay raises you are partially based on those numbers. Also if you don't hit the numbers you get hassled about how you can position it better. Also to move up, they expect you to take on much more responsibility with out pay bumps or promotions. For example a sales specialist will be expected to order things for the break room. Incoming specialist get paid around $11 an hour with out commission. in a 6 month period I alone brought in $250,000 to the company. At a 1% commission that's $2,500! Plenty of people hit $1 million for the year!
Not sure what to put as a negative.
It's still a phone tech support job and that is still awful even at Apple. In fact it might be worse because management does not have your back and is often reactionary to minor statistical fluctuations that don't persist over a day or so. Management often seems unfamiliar with the process of how we do our job and is a source of misinformation.
Substandard compensation. Poor work/personal life balance. Constant focus on whether your departments is considered one of the privileged, company-essential ones. Benefits have been considerably downsized.
Too much secrecy. Company is not open to share information and knowledge between departments
Lately, a lack of equipment to do the job and excess secrecy/security.
Horrible management structure. Some "Specialists" are not keen on the techno lingo...which creates problems for the "smart" ones in the store that end up fixing mistakes for everyone. No flexibility in management rules.
High stress, moved from store to store many many times. They would raise the bar of how much we were to do and then level off for a bit and then raise the bar again... this was repeated many times in a year. Continual change... daily change... constantly changing gears.
busy company stressful working enviroment
> Promotions depend on your sales stats. > Better scheduling. > Very demanding customers.
Management is really bad at deciding whats good for your personal growth and what direction you should take. They try to steer you away form your dreams and what YOU want to be within the company!
nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing
-Discounts are not that great -Management is a joke -Pay could be better -Requesting time off is near impossible -Management is under trained and inadequate to the task -Because you want grey hair
Management is weak, most of them have been in the same positions for long time so very little incentive to change, or make things better.
The management could really use some help. Most of the managers never really know what they're talking about and the rest are not willing to actually help you. There are the handful that are willing to help, and will do anything they can to help you learn. One manager in particular was a complete jerk all the time. I would avoid asking him for help because he would typically make the situation much worse. You are not compensated for your work in any way so the desire to sell is low but the need is high. Most of the time I felt like a worker bee, in a hive much bigger then I would ever realize. I was sometimes need to feel very small.
- Way too secretive even amongst departments - A lot of employees are rude and a-holes to other employees - Unbelievably cheap - I am using a machine from 2001 - Printers from the 90's & early 2000's ( this is a company who is spearheading technology and this is what we get to do our jobs? ) - Hard to get good equipment to do work
Working for Apple is different form other jobs. Since technology is always moving faster than the speed of light, you have to keep up to date with everything Apple! This has always been a challenge for many due to the fact that once something comes out, something new will take its place pretty soon! So it is up to you to stay focused and maintain the thirst for technological know how!
Long hours, often working at night from home.
Retail. Mall. On your feet all day. Must be positive and upbeat all the time even when people are rude to you or the company.
I don't have anything bad to say!
There are never enough minutes in the day to finish the amount of work that I have to get done.
All Apple retail employees are expected to perform at a very high level, but we are not paid more for good performance, nor do we usually make more money than comparable positions at other companies. A workday can be stressful because of the high number of people coming in and out of an Apple Retail store each day.
Growing within Apple does require spunk and professionalism. Because the job is great and generally everyone loves coming to work, people sometimes get complacent and want their promotions handed to them.
Yes, it's retail and the hours and staffing are not always what you need it to be. This is your mcguyver challenge! How to be in the busiest store in town, serving the most people, giving them the experience of a lifetime. That's why they hire good people - we try to figure that out.
Burn-out is a big problem.
I don't have anything to report on any particular cons regarding working at Apple. It was a positive experience, and I'm glad I had the opportunity.
Low wages. High stress work environments. High competition to out-perform peers.
large retail environment, quickly growing but the systems a slow to accommodate, sometimes unwelcoming or unsupportive management staff - sometimes it seems like they will bend the rules when they want but perhaps without consideration for customers or employees
Cult like the employees the time
it gets extremely hectic and busy.
Inconsistent hours in a day, a week, or a month It is retail and all that goes with that Some policies are overbearing Too secretive in some aspects Constant change you have to keep up with
schedules were done by shift bids so your work schedule would change every 6 months..sometimes not for the better
Store management is lacking. Communication down the chain is almost non-existent. Some customers don't have any technological ability and request personal training sessions to last hours upon hours.
Because of its retail nature, expect a lot of disorganization, ambiguity, and constant changes throughout your day. Some days will leave you feeling high and that you changed the world, others can leave you feeling down and question your career path. Nice customers make up for a third of your conversation while the other 2/3 sounds like they own you because they are here to spend 4 digits of dinero. Busy seasons from Nov-Jan and from Jun- Sep are the most strenuous. Every year, traffic increases and it always feel understaffed. Turn over is high among internal employees. Management are always busy with customer service issues so they don't have time look out for your development. As a result, if you don't fight for it, likely you will be left behind to always do sales. Sometimes it feels like the ones who are most friendly with the managers, are the ones to move up quickly naturally because managers don't have time to get to know everybody in the store. It can also sometimes feel very red-tape, every move-up requires a formal interview and assessment of your skills. They even interview you formally if you want to transfer between stores. There are no bonuses and salary increases are mostly 3% unless you significantly changed roles.
This is not Google or a fun start up with company parties and beer in the office - this is a carefully oiled machine that is constantly under scrutiny. As a result, you are expected to work on Apple's hours (all the time), be prepared to battle red tape, and constantly operate with numerous people and teams with no one having a full sense of the end goal (because it is a secret). Additionally there is very little upward movement.
Hours worked in a day can be long, however, overall it is rewarding.
Salary wasn't the greatest, I was barely making more than minimum wage, but I didn't have much experience at the time.
Hard Work sometimes dealing with Demanding Customers
Part of your advancement will be dependent on your manager. A pro-active manager will help coach, train, and promote your strengths. The opposite is also true, so when you interview in a position, get to know your management.
Lower management is often just the most technically able person in the group before the existing manager is promoted, leaving a good hard working knowledgable person that has no idea how to manage people. There are exceptions of course, but let's just say, ten years ago, you would have not reported to someone with such behavior and inability to actually manage and coach their team.
Currently, Apple is seeing an exponential increase in it's customer base with a similar reflection in the amount of foot traffic in the stores. Loud, hot, and overcrowded stores can make for difficult customer interactions in an already stressful work environment. Working for Apple retail requires dedication and every last drop of performance and efficiency an employee has, this will leave you physically and mentally exhausted at the end of the day.
Pay and mediocre benefits are the main reason people leave the retail side. Overwhelming secrecy about everything can make your job difficult, as one never knows what to expect at work. This however, is a known issue and will never change.
The management that isn't competent, is very incompetent. It places additional stress on other managers, as well as the highly competent members of that staff (that are not management)
Salaried employees are expected to work 50-60 hours a week. Advancement opportunities minimal for upper level positions. External applicants are being hired with less experience & fewer qualifications over well-qualified employees. Internal candidates for those same positions are then asked to provide training for the new Apple employee.
meh, its not so bad
Pay not commensurate with ability
In a retail position the hours are bad. It is a physically demanding job as you are on your feet all day. And the downside of working for a company who cares is customers can really try to get all they can out of you even when you go above and beyond.
Sometimes even annual performance reviews get missed - that means not a lot of feedback about career growth or professional development. If you have upwardly mobile aspirations, Apple is probably not going to help you out very much. Sometimes you'll feel like you can't get the information you need to do your job.
The NY pace is relentless. Workers are clearly underpaid. There is no time for training.
very busy, product launches can be stressful
None at this time to new
Always working and tethered to Apple. divisions are completely separate hard to move around from place to place
Act like a mom & pop organization that refuses to grow up If you haven't grown up 'professionally' within Apple, you will always be viewed and treated as an outsider Most in management have been promoted from within, which isn't a bad thing, however, there is no training in managing or leadership, and it is painfully obvious Home-grown tools that are inconsistent and woefully inadequate Inconsistent employee treatment relative to performance concerns
Stange Policies No ability to defend yourself when HR makes decision
Long hours, ineffective review process, low compensation, stressful.
The new HR leadership team from EA is running the HR and Staffing organizations (and eventually the company) into the ground. We are one of the most globally recognized brand names on the planet and this is as good as we could get? Staffing and HR folks are leaving in droves. At least 10 people have left in the last 2 months. They are firing and pushing employees out who are long-time, loyal Apple workers. They are looking for drones and trying to build an empire without considering others or the business ramifications. If you have an opinion that doesn't match theirs then you are out. These employees acquired the top engineering talent needed to make Apple products successful with great personal sacrifice, working an obscene amount of hours. This new leadership team has proven to be dishonest, self-serving, condescending, egotistical and lacking common sense. If you are considering a job in HR or Recruiting at Apple - run the other direction.
Long hours, Cupertino is not appealing to many/most of the younger and most energetic employees. The long commute from SF (1 hour+ each way on shuttle) is a disincentive to working for Apple.
This is a corporate job, which means that you will be working in a cubicle by yourself for 8 hours per day.
Pay, and the customers. Apple's customer base has grown over the years, which is great. But we have influenced consumerism to evolve into a whole new dirty animal thanks to Apple's "Getting to Yes" policy. I'm fifty fifty. Half of the customers deserve the great service. The other half should try chewing their own food for once in their life.
There is really only so far you can go without moving to California. Anything past a middling level, in-store position will have such a high volume of competition that its very discouraging, and Apple appears to prefer outside hire's rather than promoting from within.
everything else is pretty bad
not much, none what so ever
long hours, fast paced environment, limited holidays during the year. Not enough feedback on job performance. pockets of little kingdoms that make work harder for everyone.
In the retail division, the pay is low, discounts are few and for the amount of money the company makes, they need to treat the front line workers (retail employees) with better incentives.
Immature managers and some of the staff is immature, but I guess that's what you get when you work at such a "hip" place.
- can be stressful at times - micromanagement is annoying - cramped work environment, some stores are tiny - store politics - management can be suffocating
Management is rather unorganized and do not know a lot about the products. Pay should be better considering how well the company is doing.
Managers appear to only be hired from outside, just about any move is lateral. Virtually impossible to move from Specialist to a job that allows you to make a living. The company is thriving, but raises do not reflect that.
tough schedules and long hours at work, work might get repetitive ( release after release ) , especially in test teams . need to plan vacation ahead.
Retail is always a tough sell
long hours and metrics can be stressful to meet sometimes. Other than that no complaints
-management doesnt implement changes for employees -employees are under appreciated -have to deal with angry customers from time to time -need more flexibility with part time employees
Stores are constantly busy and can be stressful if you do not handle crowds easily. It can get repetitive, and while not a requirement, metrics are stressed.
long hours, too dynamic, fast paced
Customer is god, even if it means getting screwed over yourself. Can be a very demanding job once the managers put pressure on you while praising sales that were doneby bending rules
long hours, low pay relative to industry, cut-throat coworkers, did I mention long hours?
Very corporate and competitive. Everyone wants to work for Apple so you have to step up your game and compete.
There is almost zero opportunity to move up — even if your the best. Apple is plagued with hiring externally instead of promoting internally. recruiters WILL low ball you if your offered a spot, so be prepared for a fight.
engineer won't go out to lunch with older employee. Won't even spare time to talk. Management does not care to create an environment for cooperation.
Have not seen any downsides yet.
Having to stick to strick metrics.
More flexible schedule for part-time would be nice
Management at the location I worked at was not that friendly. And it was extremely difficult to get into corporate from the retail stores.
In this department most of our Finance team is hourly and we feel we are not treated as good as our salaried counterparts. We work hard and meet our deliverables but feel we are micromanaged and unappreciated. Promotions for Financial Analyst positions are given externally to candidates with MBA's even though team members who have been stuck in the same position for years are qualified and capable and managers in this department don't even have a Bachelors degree. Rules are not enforced uniformly throughout the team but rather enforced upon certain team members who are singled out. Any new responsibilities we take on are always considered lateral rather than upward movement and the outlook for advancement if you ever want to be considered a "real" Financial Analyst or even a Manager are grim. Any attempt to discuss our feelings with management is looked down upon as complaining rather than expressing our concerns.
Strong belief in work/life balance and not life/work balance.
The commute was too far from San Francisco
Incredible grind over time. 80 hours a week was nothing unusual and very hard when trying to raise a family.
WIthin iTunes there are too many cooks (cooks in the kitchen). Most of these cooks are not really thinking about UI but rather reacting to it. Half the solution they come up with are half assed and most of them are yes-people, Agreeing with whatever executives want and executives don't necessarily have their hands in the problems to know whats really going on.  The teams that work with iTunes, and there are many, all have something to say about the product. No one here at iTunes can get them to all agree.  iTunes is NOT a collaborative environment. You get told what to do.  Work here if you enjoy political headaches!
From Day one it's stress city, your told that if you do not pass a series of test, your assignment will end, if you post anything Apple related on the Internet, your assignment will end, if you bad mouth apple and don't drink the Kool-Aid, your assignement will end, and if Steve Jobs ask for your kidney and you dont obey, your assignment will end.    So the first week is 5 days of procedures and how to use their querky knowledge base search system, then a 20 question test which you must make a 80 percent to pass. Second week is how to talk to customers and how to gain agreement, pretty much kissing ass customer retention basic skills and a 20 question test which you must make 80 percent to pass. Third week is a little hardware basic knowledge and review of the first two weeks with a comprehensive test of 30 questions which you must make 80 percent to pass. And the final week is the nesting period where your on the phones talking to customers...So in a nutshell, AppleCare employees Tier 1 are really there just to smooth over a entry level Mac Idiot and need and basically do not have Troubleshooting skills whatsoever. If anything complex occurs at this level you escalate to Tier 2.
very long working hours. too much stress. uneven workload. too much politics. lot of undocumented processes and rivalry in teams
very tiring mentally. can be very busy at peak hours ( as expected though). Very competitive work environment, but allows you to be challenged.
Dont have anything really with respect to the cons.
HR makes contradictory statements and claims, HR makes terrible, short-sighted decisions, lack of communication between senior management and lower levels, inflexible full-time scheduling, many conflicts between work and personal life, people can and are fired instantly, job performance is mostly irrelevant unless you are in sales
A fair bit of no-work-related intra-department drama, managers do not always select the best sub-team leads, tolerance of certain kinds of abuse.
crazy customers always crowded competition for advancement hard to transfer between stores
Not much opportunity for advancement.
-Super corporate environment -Incompetent management -Even more incompetent regional managers -Terrible pay (even worse for Product Specialists) -Small store size for crowd -Horrible balance of work/personal/school life
long work hours, very fast paced
Staying current on company initiatives and keeping the communication flowing through the teams can be overwhelming. The innovativeness can be empowering as well as challenging to get buy in to your vision.
Work hard and move up
The store manager plays favorites. It is hard to get promoted or transferred. I wanted to leave after being treated like I was expendable.
Long work hours and stressful at times
Schedule doesn't always work out..
Virtually no opportunity for advancement in career within retail unless you have come in as senior-level management. Easily typecast into level hired. With rare exceptions, retail management is typical of other retail companies - too much politics and crap. Retail customers are aware of company's desire for market share and growth by exceeding customer experience of competitors, and some will use that to smear an employee that does not give that customer what they want. Even then, they may complain and become a "detractor".
No big discounts on products, no profit sharing
There is no clear direction for advancement. Decisions seem to be pre-determined about who is going where. Most managers don't embrace the fearless feedback that is such important part of the job.
Hard to advance in company
no growth opportunity no employee development no information about plans from management secrecy
pay is a bit too low, hours can be killer at times
If you don't like to work hard, no need to apply. If your used to solid process in place, no need to apply. Apple is nimble and prides itself on being married to six sigma or other established religion. Luckily there enough gifted individuals who are able to sense direction to keep the ship sailing.
no downtime (during work) maybe overly-diverse sometimes a "hippie" attitude stopped hiring most college students
Be ready to stand all day, talk to tons of people, get yelled at by customers and pay could be better,
The benefits could be better -- more google like. E.g., free lunch - but I'm reaching here. The company is very secretive internally which can be frustrating but it is probably a necessary evil.
employee has to have patience
Nothing with the company but some customers can be extremely difficult over the phone. Constantly training so not for the lazy type.
If you want to move to a different position (not get a promotion, just work somewhere else), you have to be the absolute best in your current position. Many people get misplaced in positions and then are stuck, and can't move.
management tries to speaprate itself from the rest of the staff....also they need to promote management internally. It would give current employees more incentive.
- Compensation - Long Hours - Disregard for personal life - Communications with Seniors - Scheduling - Under Staffed
little room for growth, upper management is distant, same downsides any retail environment would have, lack of recognition, dismal pay rate compared to corporate, too much separation between Apple and Apple Retail
I have no cons to write.
Customers were continuously disrespectful. Everyone treats you condescendingly. They expect you to work long hours with short 10 minute breaks. They time you on these breaks down to the very seconds you work. Every second that you are on the clock is expected to be documented. Absence program is extremely inflexible. Expect to make friends good enough to cover your shifts. It's very totalitarian.
Apple isn't always fair, and sometimes it's a bit tough to be the only woman. This isn't always true, but it's an occasional problem
The engineering risks we take demand tremendous effort to avoid catastrophic failure. Yet we staff to an absolute minimum, so it often feels like a start-up. Consequently, overwork and burn out are common.
Lean on the business side, so opportunities are hard to come by.
-More technological training would make us more effective as managers. -More vision from individual store leaders. -more internal promotion -strange hierarchy within stores.
to get the job must go through a seminar its not a one on one unless they have picked you
Extremely long hours working in local office and also overseas in the manufacturing sites. Work'life balance is completely skewed. People don't get properly recognized for their contributions. Promotion from within has more to do with politics and less to do with how well you do your job.
It's hard to get out of the support organization. The obvious promotion paths don't offer many chances to take them as the people in said positions tend to stay there.
None that I can think of. It's a great place.
I experienced poor management, being worked long hours and was always asked to stay late on my shifts. I tried to take management advice and team up with other members to improve my selling abilities, but it was always "too busy" so I never got to improve the way they wanted me to.
Have to put up with angry customers day in day out.
lack of career growth in my field
Disrespect from managers- they treat people as less than them. Poor store leadership. Geniuses-who also treat people as less than them. Poor pay. The "cult-like" atmosphere. The pressure to upsell add-ons: Mobile me, applecare, onetoone.
Often some of the rudest customer experiences you'll have in retail. Management can come off "brainwashed" and completely disregard personal life of employees. "Time off" is almost impossible to get without a year's notice (not kidding, had to miss a WEDDING because I didn't receive the invitation until 4 months before it). Always busy (in the bad way).
You're the workhorse and always run back-to-back.
I have no cons for Apple
MANAGMENT! they think they are kings.
The ability to move up in rank is limited, with little chance to jump up to the corporate level. Benefits were not available to me for the majority of time I was there, until only recently, for part time status.
The salary is just ridiculous. I have been there 2.5 years and I still make only 10.30 and new Specialists right off the street make more than that. There is no system to compensate for time worked in other more demanding areas - a dollar more an hour, *something* - and the pervasive philosophy seems to be an elitist 'people would do more than you for even less', that makes employees feel devalued. The fact is, customers routinely say that the service is the reason they choose Apple. There would *be* no brand without the people, and yet we are overworked, underpaid, and treated as chattel much of the time as evidenced by policies from upper management. Our store management never has good communication, this is a symptom of the draconian ways of dealing with things from the top down - you get one chance to violate Apple confidentiality, this is it. Of course Retail had evening and weekend and Holiday hours, but we aren't compensated for it like the corporate employees would. Yet we are in the trenches everyday. This affects morale. Sometimes more than others. Turnover is high. I don't even bother to learn the names of the new specialists for several weeks after they are hired when it's obvious they are going to make it. Working for Apple is like dog years of employment, yet corporate makes no distinction. Routinely, we are given a congratulations or a pat on the back, but really what we all need is money!
People are promoted ahead of you even when you have been working longer and as well. Politics.
They will suck you dry: - no respect for your time - must work on godforsaken hours, ex. 1:30 to 10:30PM with no weekends off - must stand ALL day long - majority of other Geniuses have joint problems - no balance between respect for employee professional needs and need to satisfy customers - most of the time "bad" customers are rewarded for tantrums and the like, often at the expense of employee's time, effort, and dignity - very little potential for professional development - you're better off investing a year or two developing your coding and network skills and working for an IT company
Long Hours (Overnight) Multi- Tasking Unknown hours until week before
Everything from time off to promotion to raises to general respect.
There werent that many bad things at apple. Salary could have been higher. Thats pretty much it. I think i like them a lot.
Majority of the stores are not designed to handle 100 + employees who work at stores. Very noisy & extremely high din levels when store are busy. Limited space & time for personal growth & development. Management is busy leading the stores with narrow focus on employees. Extremely busy shifts pretty much all year around due the popularity of Apple products.
Certain departments are lax on reviews and feedback on areas of improvement needed. Everyone is so busy there are often times that room for professional development is put on the back burner. Apple often hires senior positions from outside the company so room for growth is limited.
low pay for what you're expected to do. management often doesn't agree with your time off and benefits are lacking
Pay a little low for job
None noticed at this point with my employment.
Have to work with the system
If you're not the type to take pride in saying, "I work for Apple" to people then this isn't the place for you.  If you can't handle ambiguity, this isn't the place for you.  If you want 9-6 with an hour lunch, 5 days a week, this isn't the place for you.  Everyone is so focused on delivering something great that the "process" isn't always reviewed, since there aren't many processes, the wheel gets reinvented.
retail hours get hectic sometimes
Most employees are treated as replaceable parts.
long working hours to be put forward
Management is obsessed with service attachment rates. Despite Apple Corporate's belief in providing exceptional service, store managers are willing to sacrifice the customers by promoting aggressive selling techniques and will even punish compassionate specialists. If you want to work in an Apple retail store, be prepared for an intense sales environment where your are constantly pushed and bullied into achieving better sales numbers.
Certain HR benefits are less compared to other companies but other than that I don't see any other downsides of working @ apple. This is a great place to work and grow in your career.
Since I work in the retail sector it's very demanding and can be very redundant. The products and services pretty much sell themselves. There's no real challenge for me at this company in my position anymore.
The way the the company is structured at the top will eventually collapse. Every company has growing pains, but I get irritated because of the way a lot of things are ran.
The pay is much less than what I would want in a full time job While co-workers are fun to hang around, most do not have any initiative and are satisfied to either stay in their current job, or only move up within the company.
I wish they gave more hours
Work load incredible Information sharing in company is not so good
The Family Room Specialist position is a total con. When it was offered to me, it was referred to as an entry-level position, yet it is a position that those who start as specialists are promoted to. The work is backbreaking, requiring a significant deal of knowledge and an ability to take abuse from customers. You don't get to just chat with customers about cool speaker systems. You have to deliver the bad news. You have to be able to deal with pissed of customers, work quickly, be creative and sharp. It's a huge step up from the specialist position, and although it requires only a tenth of the technical skill required to be Genius, it requires just as strong an ability to work with angry, upset and confused customers with broken tech. Yet you make less than half of what some of the geniuses make.
Seriously, there is no downside to working here as an intern. You'd be very very very crazy not to accept!
Teams are super protective of their own people.  If there's a problem, it's always huddle time and present the message that it's another team's fault.
hard to get a new req open
fast-paced place to work. barely any weekends off. could increase the pay a little bit more. needs flexibility to work with schedule.
It's still retail Upper management placed harsh deadlines on staff Customers are ungrateful Mall hours for some stores-Not always the best
Total Comp less than expected, but offset by the stock, it will continue to grow 30% a year Not big on training or rotational programs...more like sink or swim
The focus on products (and profits) means it's unlikely for Apple to stray into new territory or experiment with something that doesn't have a clear path for profitability. (There will never by a policy at Apple which allows engineers to spend %20 of their time working on some experimental project like Google or other companies have).  There is some arrogance on the products where engineers believe what they have done is THE right way to do it despite users having valid complaints about it.  Apple is pretty cheap. It's difficult to get managers to to spend money or invest unless there is a clear path for profitability as the result of the investment (this includes training such as books and conferences). Thats one of the reasons it's go $46 billion in the bank.  Also as a result of the company's frugality, Apple hasn't really shared it's success with employees who have worked very hard to get it there. There is job stability in a poor economy, but there is no profit sharing or increase in bonuses as a result of record revenues and profitability. Not even the products are given to employees or discounted very highly.
It can get a bit busy and stressful at times.
Long hours on weekends and holidays. It's hard to plan out vacations and days off because sometimes the schedules aren't released until last minute.
I would get a call everyday almost trying to get me to come in and work because they were busy. Great for the company and for their stock, but can be very overwhelming when you just want a peaceful day off.
No ability to grow, underpaid for comparable work at other similar companies
they are changing most salary employees to hourly. working on some products much harder than others with little rewards
For a big corporate entity, the general secrecy policy really can work against the efficiency of the company. Apple still manages to make it work, but from what I've seen, things could be so much smoother if people were allowed to be more open with information. Mind you, I'm talking about within the company itself - yes, I've been in plenty of situations where employees in different depts are not allowed to talk directly to each other due to this policy.  Apple tends to be very frugal, for a company with billions in the bank. Salary and equity aside, they don't seem to really hire everywhere that's needed - only on those projects that really have the attention of upper management. Other projects and products, while still producing, suffer from limited resources, and creativity and production is stifled.  There's the usual management hierarchy problems present at any large corporation. At Apple, there tend to be middle managers who have been with Apple a long time, are happy with there lot, and have decided to impede progress for anyone below them. Again, this is typical, but disappointing for a company that claims to 'think different' like Apple.
Compensation is lower than most high-end retail stores Work/life balance virtually does not exist, you sometimes won't get your schedule for the following week until the day before
*Trying to solve problems if not giving them the solution or alternative *Juggling customer and product issues with a genuine sense of urgency.
Retail hours. Retail pay, though it seems to be higher than industry standard, still doesn't seem like enough to support a family unless you're management. Not clear on how basis of who gets promoted. I felt well-qualified for a promotion, only to see someone less qualified get promoted. It really brings down your morale.
- Desperate Self-Interest rules the day - Low pay precludes use of employee discount - Though the official word is there is freedom. Others around you are fearful - Difficult to work across teams as mistrust is common.
Retail. A_hole customers. Insane customers. Combative customers. Constant shift and changes and management and operating procedures. Inconsistent policies and internal promotions.
Flat management means that incompetent people may get promoted to manager status (so many managers!), middle management problem where it may take a long time for someone to get promoted beyond manager and they get disgruntled, and there is a lack of constructive feedback, interns are often set up to fail since there are so few employment opportunities available
Really depends on how good your Manager is ( Walker or Talker) and takes care of the whole team Politics is the name of the game Depending on group / team expect to work very long hours and weekends for long periods of time Work / Home life balance is really tough depending on which team your on Lots of teachers pets drama going on through the groups with management Often stressful
Didn't like the fact that employees were almost made to feel expendable, regardless of the level of service they brought to the company, and their positive contribution to heighten the experience for the consumer. I watched a lot of good employees get drop for being late a few times in a heavy traffic, constantly congested location.
As Apple continues to do better as a company, they also cut back on employee benefits. The employees with lots of stock keep getting richer, while the rest work too much overtime for average compensation compared to other companies. Healthcare costs are passed on to the employees, so benefits that were once the best in the valley pay for much less now.  Apple quietly gets rid of older, more expensive workers, and replaces them with the recent college grads who are willing to work more hours for lower pay. If you are young, it's a fun place to work a lot of hours and it looks great on your resume. But don't plan to stay there too long, unless you get lots of stock.
- work load can be extremely - compensation might be better in other, smaller companies - no profit sharing - very hard to get promoted
The politics inside of Apples culture are a little bizarre. For example, when something is released and it is slightly wrong or people are unhappy with it the everyone in the company needs to be prepared to take one stance on the subject and hold onto that stance until Apple says other wise.
You're selling products at the height of their popularity, dealing with a lot of crazy policies and limitations that change every day. Along with a lot of crazy people. A lot of silly "lingo'' for a company that tries to "think differently.''
- Lots of weird managerial politics - Endless meetings to get anything done - Ridiculous amount of secrecy causes animosity between different teams and makes it take forever to get anything done unless it's high priority or "for Steve". - Waaayyyyy understaffed for software engineering in most departments, prepare to work lots of overtime. - Some senior engineers have been around for 20 or 30 years, no matter how out of touch they may be, they'll have a significant say in projects tangentially related to them. - Corollary: Don't be young. - Software engineering culture is fad driven (and we're talking weird Apple-only fads like GCD) on the desktop, rushed and buggy on embedded.
-management by chaos - resulting in a lot of unnecessary churn and work -no respect for work life balance -management expects you to be on call all the time -everyone is so busy, training and development is an afterthought -very top down structure where individuals hold little authority and are often micromanaged -management considers "company pride" as a perk, and skimps on other benefits -financial compensation is not competitive -no clear career development opportunities -very few processes, so the culture is people-driven, and therefore, very political -management is maniacally focused on the bottom line, so certain detrimental behavior is not discouraged. This is often manifested in needless politicking, bad management styles, heavy-handed vendor relations, and turf wars. In short, jerks are tolerated. -the company is very siloed, limiting mobility (in my case, my VP would not allow me to consider jobs outside his umbrella) -different organizations have different incentives, often resulting in poor coordination at critical hand-off points
If you want a relatively dead-end, low paying job to do while you're in school, work here. You're better off getting an internship in non-retail.
You have to be ready to work long hours and hard but the seeing the end result makes it all worth it.
Pay is average, customers are very demanding, hard to take your break on busy days, sometimes understaffed, standing on your feet all day
None, really. Downside of working retail is dealing with unreasonable customers. Fortunately, the numbers are small with Apple. Apple stands behind its products and services and bends over backwards to make all customers happy.
-often stressful dealing with unhappy customers -pressure to make applecare sales
Long hours. Company is driven by brand marketing rather than engineering.
Work tons of hours at Apple.
Zero information or support for career or professional development. Turning the crank is the name of the game. Look elsewhere if you want career advancement.
Childish co workers with petty high school issues. Management is stale and phony lacking true direction but is excellent in keeping the image of direction. No room for advancement and no recognition from the top. Tucson has been forgotten
I had things thrown at me by customers who were less than satisfied by the company line. But that kind of goes with the territory of working technical service in any industry.
long hours during crunch time
Intense sales environment Sometimes have to pretend that products are perfect when they have flaws
Way more pressure than most commission-based sales jobs. Consistently sell products customers don't want or get let go.
If you plan to work this position, then expect to work long hours and encounter some customers who are just plain going to piss you off.
with the high growth these years, the company's "productivity" is much much higher than other top high-tech companies. (i.e. every employee has to work much harder.)
You can sometimes get stuck in a "stereotype" for your role in the store, which can hinder movement within the store itself. Lack of fore knowledge of products before they go public
They treat their employees, especially in retail, as nameless worker bees
Can't think of a single one.
Scheduling sucks if you do not perform well and the pay could be higher
Lower compensation than what might be expected, sometimes thankless work, a bad manager can REALLY ruin the experience. There is a lot of focus on metrics, that is the attachments you are expected to sell.
Very few opportunities for advancement. Nearly impossible to move from a retail store to the corporate offices. Retail employees can sometimes feel like second class citizens within the company.
Lack of information sharing between functional groups. Treatment of suppliers is atrocious.  Intense politics and intra-company competition undermines morale.  Lack of accountability when something goes awry. Finger pointing abounds at this place.  Upper management is aloof and they often only make appearances to turn up the heat when a deadline is about to be missed.
there is not always a clear path on advancement coming from the back of house there is little room to advance
Zero work life balance. We are ridiculously understaffed. Perception from execs both negative or positive are a big part of talent planning.
Horrible discount, horrible customer service issues, politics run the show, gossip mill for employees, HR takes forever to accomplish anything.
Pressure to keep call times to a minimum while keeping customer satisfaction high. You have to like working with the public. Lets face it, there are some ignorant people who can not follow directions
You have to drink the kool-aid.
Lots of managers, thus lots of I'm-the-honcho-in-charge-type of management styles, all competing for attention and recognition. Can at times serve to lower morale. (This of course is subjective to my personal experience at the store I worked at)
Some days can get long but its worth it.
Not employee friendly and no charitable support
You get no bonus and the pay sucks compared to other companies in the industry. It's a shame, considering how successful the company is.
Long hours, impossible to be promoted.
Budget wars rule all. Company is downright cheap when it comes to spending money on much needed equipment or facilities. Lots of overlap in operations departments that lead to project wars. The dumb employees are kept, for fear of wrongful termination lawsuits.
Lack of fair internal promotion. Much favoritism among the managers, who sometimes act like teenagers (as many of the employees are). The mostly young employee base led to a lot of rumor-spreading and unprofessional relationships.
No balance with life and work. California requires you to work on their hours even if you are located in the East Coast. Low pay since you have the privilege to work at Apple.
I dont really have any downsides. The work is somewhat repetative though
Can sometimes be over political at lower level management. Crap rains down from the top, managers will try to cover their ass, tries to shovel the blame to others outside the group. Depending on the group you're in, there might very limited room for career growth.
The job was kind of annoying. Working at home was cool, but it really disconnected me from a social life of any kind. Doing telephone tech support is also a frustrating job in general, working with people who aren't very tech savvy. Anything new is TOP SECRET -- and you will never know about a product release until the day it is announced with the rest of the world.
The number one downside is the pay. Even if you are bringing in thousands of dollars worth of computers every day, you get paid the same low pay as the guy standing next to you who doesn't know the difference between processing power and RAM. Also, it takes forever to get promotions, since most of the people who work there are specialists, and they all want a promotion.
The hours assigned were tough as I was a student at the time... The pay was decent, but no real incentives
Maybe a bit understaffed. No profit sharing.
One needs to be careful of all the legalities in what you can and can't tell others about Apple products and services.
- Can be extremely over whelming when the store gets busy. It is by far busier than any other store in Soho or retail experience. - Sometimes the leads would make you do awful things like work the register or use the easy pays.
I really can't think of any downsides except for having one manager who was completely unqualified and completely clueless. Some of their policies are quite strange as well. I once had a woman breastfeeding in the store and after another customer request that something be done to stop her, I had to tell the customer that she was allowed to do it in the store.
Occasionally I get slighted by my managers.
you will feel like a loser because you're working in retail. The hours will be terrible, and unless you're willing to devote all your time and energy, plus about 1.5 - 2 years, you won't ever be a full time employee.
Everyone is extremely gifted so it might be hard to shine. Even though its competitive, your greatest competition is yourself. You just have to push yourself harder and harder to get higher and higher.
it's retail environment can be very micro-managing
Demanding work, long hours. Hardly any career development and growth opportunity. Does not promote within in the Operations group. No work life balance.
Hard to maintain work-life balance, too much unnecessary secrecy, some groups are not up to par with the others
Management at the store has poor leadership and communication skills, making for a very unpleasant experience long-term. Not much room to grow within store structure. Little to no career advancement opportunities bridging between Apple Retail and Corporate.
Growth scope is quite limited
All of your hard earned expertise and well-honed instincts count for nothing. Some groups may be different but in many you are graded on how many bugs you fix how quickly, not how many you examine, or resolve in other ways but how many code is changed for. No matter what your expertise eveyone has to prove themselves in the same trenches. This is disaster if you are older but very experienced. Few 50+ or even 40+ software engineers can sling code as fast as their 20 or 30 year peers or self. There is little acknowledgment of different skills and needs. If you are at a more senior level you are also expected to do this while impressing Apple with you creativity and grasp of cross functional areas and cross-functional interaction. Never mind creativity takes time and experiments and management support you haven't earned in the salt mine yet.  As a software environment I found Apple very chaotic and poorly organized. Each release, every part of the software practically may change at once and throughout the entire period. Little or no layering or getting the base layers solid for the next level of development. Constant eating of dogfood. Sometimes you can't get your own work down for long stretches because of bad internal builds. Oh yeah, you are often expected to install and attempt to work on several new builds a month. There is little or no internal documentation or formal software design whatsoever. Just a lot of bright programmers flaying away for the most part. Sad, so much brain power wasted. The secrecy is so bad you are not allowed to know things that have direct bearing on your own area and even on your success. The only documentation of much of the software is in the bug tracking system and in mail and all ad hoc. As you struggle to fix your quota of bugs you learn to find the minimal patch that works without blowing things up. This leaves the software a shoddy non-cohesive patchwork over time.  Apple is arrogant as hell or rather some of its VPs and Jobs himself dictate how many things should be done that many of its senior engineers know is the wrong way to proceed. Apple has a serious phobia about using good database technology and shipping same. Core Data is good as far as it goes but that isn't all that far as far as db capabilities. It is oriented to one app only. In general Apple has a very App centric view. And senior management loves files. Lots and lots of little files - even one per record. It is the model they based Spotlight and to a decree, Time Machine on. The industry knows this is not the way to go but it seems Apple has to periodically reinvent the wheel badly and call it great.
long work hours and high stress
incompetent mgmt, uneducated, inmates running the asylum
The company is growing too fast and is not taking the appropriate steps to make sure they are staying in line with the core values that made Apple Retail a great place to work many years ago. Apple needs to provide more information to management to help us plan and run our business as opposed to simply reacting to to company announcements, while secrecy is important to the public, at times it is important to communicate information to streamline work flow and increase efficiency.
It's always hard to get the days that you want cleared because of the high volume of customers and the long hours that the store is open.
As in the rest of the valley (I assume), long hours and weekend work are expected. It's hard to shine next to engineers who will give their entire lives to the company.
Too Dynamic sometimes. You never know when or how long you may have to travel.
One of the hardest parts of working at Apple is how busy everyone is and how hard it can be to get time and resources from people. A lot of times you have to be very inventive and maybe take a less efficient route if it means not involving other teams that don't have the time to spend on your project. I imagine this gets easier as you advance in rank, but as an intern it can be hard. You could also look at that as an opportunity for growth. The other hard part of working there is not having a lot of freedom to actually take your products to market and test them out - there is a lot of filtration of ideas that occurs, even before Steve Jobs can slam an idea.
Much of what is perceived by potential employees is just an illusion that is further enhanced by managers during the hiring process.
Management stresses various opportunities for advancement and "everyone starts as specialists", but contradict themselves by bringing in less qualified individuals from competing retail outlets for higher positions. Management has poor communication with each other. For the amount you make for the company, your salary will be significantly lower than 10%. This is demeaning.
management leans towards those who lick _____, and not those who actually do their job. not fair when deciding who works what shift, as a result, the favorites work best hours, even if they are lazy.
so many employees, sometimes it felt easy to be overlooked. Some managers were very much into numbers and how employees sell solutions to customers.
Inflexibility in terms of work hours as a full time member. Constant barrage of upset customers. You are, after all, the customer service AND technician. Weak support from management. Poor pay in comparison to private consultants. High, sometimes unrealistic expectations from management and customers. As one of the more tech-savvy employees, you're bombarded with questions from coworkers.
It is very hard to become a full-time employee at Apple since it is an extremely competitive place filled with very competent and qualified people.
Disorganization in some departments. Lack of direction from management.
no face time with upper management no one knows who you are no way to get your name out no mobility never meet anyone that you work with. you are stuck at home for the whole time. this could be seen as a pro for some folks who have prior commitments or would rather stay home than meet new people or teammates.  stuck doing tech support for a good 5 years before management acknowledges you
They work you like there's no tomorrow
- secrecy, secrecy, secrecy - people refer to projects in code names - arrogant attitude towards applicants and new people - didn't feel integrated in my team
Poor management and development of employees. Politics rule who gets a promotion and who works on interesting assignments, even if the idea originated from someone else. A friend of mine was forced to leave after his bosses best friend was fired from another team. They had no extra headcount so his boss made mistakes and blamed them on him so he could be fired, and then replaced him with his friend. HR wouldn't do anything about it when they were told what happened. Similar stories abound there, and makes people want to leave.
Considerable thrash. Some inter-group politics. Some arrogant/difficult engineers. Secrecy. Histrionics rumored at top levels.
As a Mac Genius, you are fairly replaceable. When I started at Apple, being a Mac Genius was really special. But by the time I left, after the company had expanded rapidly and opened dozens of new stores, the talent level and expectations had dropped considerably. Therefore, it was not uncommon to get fired for minor offenses and starting salary had declined precipitously for MG's by the time I left (as much as $10/hr less).  Higher retail managers were often drafted from places like Gap/AF/B&N, etc so they had little technical skill and product knowledge. This diminished the culture somewhat for die-hard Mac heads like me and other MG's and salespeople. Management was overly self-congratulatory about their sales figures: anyone can look like a brilliant sales manager when the product is iPhones, Macbooks, and iPods--this stuff sells itself. Don't forget that, ladies and gents.  As a Mac Genius, there is little opportunity to move up. "Lead Mac Genius" is a supervisory position that very few attain and it carries little if any bump in pay. Like many companies, Apple has a bad habit of hiring management from outside the company (for some reason, someone from someplace else always seems more talented than the good soldiers you have in your own back yard). I still know extremely talented leaders who are MG's who have been passed over time and again for management positions.
few full time jobs per store
First and Foremost, the pay is not all that. I would think apple might want to reconsider their salary structure
Your a glorified Best Buy employee except that you work for Apple. You work every weekend and every holiday. Your treated to high attach standards when selling computers. You must sell 35% Mobile Me and 50% iWork and always be hitting your computer sales each week. You are constantly hounded on hitting sales/attaches and your only as good as your last week.  There is no upward track in this division of Apple. You basically have 15-25 people going for one associate regional manager positon which doesn't open up for multiple years. Moving up to corporate in Cupertino is difficult since our Managers don't know many people at headquarters. Its basically a dead end job folks. Don't get blinded by the pay its a waste of your time and your life. Also don't think this division is like Apple its not its more like best buy but with apple managers who are a bunch of old used car dealers.
This is with regards to AppleCare specifically (as opposed to those involved more directly with the company's internal goings-on). Having to tell a computer when and why you need to go to the bathroom or make any minute changes in your day is extremely Orwelian and the complete opposite of what one might expect from a company as "creative" as Apple.  As Apple has grown, so has AppleCare, which is now treated like any old call center. There is a severe lack of transparency between certain levels of management and the work-lives of "the underlings."
Lower salaries than other companies, so there is more churn than ideal. Getting time off can be a real problem when you are a Senior Advisor/Tier 2 because there just aren't many hours available. Your experience depends almost entirely on how good your manager is, and there are some bad managers. The extreme secrecy about everything can be counterproductive.
the secret environment can really be annoying some times. compared to other companies, not the the best compensation. a very large company.
- Low work life balance
-Pay is only ok -Metrics are pushed hard -Its hard to work our way to full time, part time employees stay that way for a long time
- Finance organization was decentralized, therefore no knowledge sharing. - Inefficient finance systems and processes. - Large company, but sometimes felt like a startup with the long work hours.
You cant be late or miss meetings even if you have a valid excuse. Managers are a bit tricky to deal with.
employees expendable, no inter-department transfer actually supported
a call center is still a call center, regardless if you're working at Apple or anywhere else
To my knowledge, the pay is not as substantial as other retail environments. That being said, you actually do get to be a part of one of the greatest retail experiences in the world, and that, combined with the experience you'll gain is certainly worthwhile.
Depending on the job, you may just get stuck implementing others' or management's decisions. You can get blind-sided by politics (re-orgs, program cuts, or even layoffs) No formal training available internally. Must learn on the job (if you are lucky) or find external means (classes, books, web) to learn or get experience with new technologies. Difficult to transfer internally to other positions - no career pathing this way -- you are on your own. HR offers little support in this area (perhaps they are powerless). Also, your boss can easily block a transfer if they choose.
You work. Life/work Balance Could be better, It is not uncommon to work 50+ hours a week on average.
It feels like the culture is more of who you know then what you know. The training is very well done unless you are in a department that is not in the core of Apple Care (example: Itunes and MobileMe). Certain Managers do not seem to care or learn what we are supporting. Makes it very difficult to explain when there are legit issues that customers are upset about.
long hours, demanding deadlines, subtly competitive employees, some managers can be brazen, product direction can be controlled by management, top secret projects
Perks could be better. Like more on site goodies. And for God sake, please make Caffe Macs free.
they put a large emphasis on certain metrics for their extended warranty and training program which are good for some people but not most but they push them anyway
Upper management (market managers) can be very bad. Becoming very much like other retailers which is very frustrating
Politics can be overwhelming sometimes
pervasive secrecy, and tight departmentalization.
I've worked as a contractor at a few Silicon Valley companies and was treated pretty much the same as staff employees. At Apple, that's not the case. They seem to make a point of differentiating between contract and FTE employees (badge only works certain hours, contractors excluded from events and small perks.) It feels petty when you can't attend team events that affect your work because you're on contract.
Salary Salary Salary Salary Salary Salary
Working with customers that look down on your because you work in a mall. The pay is not good for the same job elsewhere.
Large company that you can get lost in.
-Some co-workers have a false sense of entitlement -A large focus on sales numbers, instead of other measurable successes -There is a lot of talent - so you have to PUSH yourself to get noticed
General rule: You will not know if you really "fit" the culture until about a year on the job. Managers mostly work higher level projects and negotiate resources and priorities (as opposed to develop their people). Experience of working at Apple is hugely influenced by your direct manager and his/her style. Some buffer the craziness, others amplify it. Company is now huge but still trying to act lean like a start up. Teams are getting moved off main campus with little regard to who they need to interact with. "Campus" feeling only applies to core business groups. Work-life balance can quickly become terrible for those who really understand systems and processes and how to manage them. The better you are, the less balance you can expect. Management planning process - continual over-committing continues. Really stove-piped planning structure. Very little cross-functional planning below VP level. Regular surprises from project work in other areas for which you had no visibility.. Secrecy bordering on paranoia can be a pain in the neck especially when it delays notice on necessary (and unplanned) changes in other areas. High turnover in the areas I worked with. Less during the recession. Burn out is common. Fear of being the team/individual that delays or messes up a project is ever present. Absolutely no professional development outside a modest number of internal courses. Don't even think about trying to publish a paper, or speak at a conference! Growing inequity in business team perks and facilities is an annoyance.
Our managers was sometimes incompetent, always assuming that students had no real work experience. Treated the college students like incompetent employees.
Tough to advance, it seems they don't hire management from within, even if the employees have management experience. They always seem to look at places like the Gap, or Banana Republic.
You are just a number in my opinion. Not much focus from my manager on her employees. Too busy for your own employees
Boss was a good engineer who was promoted way to early so had NO people management skills whatsoever. I left after being tired of hearing him scream at us, including senior engineers he would get angry at when he was under stress. Boss was unable to manage any kind of stress even simple pressure coming from junior always nagging.
lack of flexibiities, just listening to Hutchison and 3 is a bad strategy and wasting the talents of the people.
I worked on average 65 hours per week.
Very competitive for advancement in retail division or company Hard to keep consistent amount of work hours when part time Managers can play favorites
Pushy about meeting sales goals. Upper management is mostly concerned about meeting goals, rather than employee development. Very busy atmosphere
extremely poor management. some managers and i mean a few are nice to your face and not so much behind your back. the company is based on open doors and when you were told thats how the company works the manager would say there calling role and what you were lead to believe is a total lie. ive had major issues with other co-technicians that would cause major animosity between each other and was treated indifferent. you are told by apple that if there are issues report it to your manager and was told by a manager "grow up" i have never been treated so low and have worked so hard for five years to gain knowledge to work there and was treated so wrong.
Too many secrets and people rarely share information that can help you when you ask. You have to fall on your face before someone says "well if you WOULD HAVE did it this way, that would have never happened". When you are new, some people will withhold information so that they remain most knowledgable.
1. Career advancement not great 2. Siloed in role 3. Too much secrecy 4. Base salary and bonus not competitve
Work hours are sometimes long but not unusual for a company that is doing so well. But the ROI is good.
The cons were sometimes I felt that management was very biased on who was to get promoted and it got some people mad.
Even though there are so many perks to working there, the requirements of the job are repetitive. Customers who are there are often impatient and unwilling to stick around for the full treatment. Leadership will impress upon you time after time that you must present everything with a slight undertone reminding you that it's not about the macs that you sell but about the attachments that you make.
Working on the weekends, no matter what you have to
The corporate culture for the engineers is to stay until at least dinner, with no overtime for salaried workers. The other con is the strange culture surrounding Steve Jobs. When he walks into and out of the cafeteria or around campus, the standard is to keep talking and ignore him, but discuss his health immediately after he is out of earshot. It seems as if the future of the company is uncertain and largely dependent on SJ's health and well-being.
Secrecy makes it hard to do my job Isolated nature of product teams means that more often than not multiple teams are producing nearly the same product
The store does get full and your managers will forget your brakes unless you remind them. Sometimes all the Apple confidentiality gets a bit annoying when speaking with customers.
there really aren't any bad things to say.
* The salary for the income you generate is negligible * Very limited openings to advance up to * If you let managers talk to you like a child they will take advantage of it
No work life balance. Average benefits package for a company that is doing so well. High stress environment. Low emphasis on family - no company event with family!
The hours are only delivered two weeks in advanced so if you have a strict schedule it can be hard.
Unclear career path for retail employees. Office politics and gossip are prevalent in most retail environments. Management often unfamiliar with culture/products.
Very high standards and high volume of customers. If you lack people skills, don't even bother applying
no internal job alternative process, management makes no effort to find ongoing projects for employees when re-structuring occurs - employees are on-their-own
If you sell $1,000,000 a year you still only make $10 an hour... No bonus for good sales...
You may find you're so flattered to be asked to join Apple, the "it" company of the moment, that you'll ignore the red flags. Does everyone talk about relentless work hours? Do they seem enthused? Happy?  The power of the Idea of Apple is so strong that even rational engineers get lost in the meta. "Are you worthy to work at Apple?" is the unspoken question that permeates the atmosphere, inciting, especially in the newer hires, a manic desire to prove themselves. Its power is amplified by the state of the economy. Employees voluntarily give away large swaths of their time and life energy, essentially subsidizing a corporation that is quarter-to-quarter hoarding billions in cash.  I can only speak for my small slice of the Apple pie, but I found it a tense, unfriendly place, with few glimpses of unguarded humanity.
Ivory tower management that tends to be in the way more than helping. They often make decisions that the people who do the work don't understand and hurts productivity. After cutting down benefits quite a bit during the lean years (mid 90's), has done nothing to bring any of them back now that we are making a killing.
No communication of ongoing issues with products. Not nearly enough staffing to meet customer demands, which also gives leaves no time for development. Lack of upward mobility, all managers are imported. Product and service demand seems to be growing far faster than the companies retail presence can support.
Training was a bit rushed due to it being the holiday season and them needing to get me out on the sales floor ASAP. Other than that, I was assigned back of house inventory duty for a good portion of the time I was there, even though my sales numbers were good. That was a bit frustrating.
Pay is low, but for the most part, so is most of retail. Tech positions are not paid well and often over worked.
Everything depends on the next hit product and of Steve Jobs staying ahead of the competition. Although there is lots to like in Apple's products, they have fallen behind before with Steve Jobs, and he will not be there forever.
Haven't found one, so far.
The pay and the hours
Long hours, many fire-drills. Constantly changing priorities. You might work for months on something just to see it disappear. Very little communication between groups, extreme emphasis on secrecy. Way too many meetings.
In some groups, work-life balance is non-existent. Working weekends for months on end is considered part of the job, and the attitude is, if you don't like your job, there are plenty out there who would take it. However, that isn't quite true because we've been having trouble getting quality interviewees for a while now.
Project cancellations, unreasonable requirements for implementing solutions. We do make some great stuff, but is that a good enough reason to burn people out?
Being a part-timer, your hours can fluctuate between 5 to 28 hours in a given week. Also, it sometimes hard to move from retail to corporate. There are no benefits, other than 401K plans, that are available to part-time employees.
The converse of everything I said above is that there's an extreme lack of planning (positive spin: "Our company can turn on a dime!") or policy (positive spin: "Work how you want, when you want."). As great as flexibility can be, sometimes set policies are good so people actually know what to do. It sure doesn't hurt to make solid plans more than a few days in advance when a project has a 6-12 month schedule. Last-minute changes are the norm, and many a hair-pulling night has been spent cleaning up messes created by others' lack of planning.
Sometimes very myopic about what the outside world really looks like and what competitors bring to market. Overly conservative and introspective in planning and strategy.
Working in retail. To much stuff I want to buy
If you are not in the cliche you will not go anywhere in company. Ran like a small company, lack of communication on basic knowledge every employee should know. Felt like it was ten years behind the time when you were suppose to be working in a cutting edge company.
Your availability has to be extremely open Difficult to move up No set schedule
Apple banks on its hip appeal to the extent that it doesn't offer the most equitable compensation in exchange for the work performed. It seems to pay lip service to one value it says it holds dear, the importance of its human resources. It can be difficult for career advancement.
seemingly arbitrary promotions to under qualified persons. outside of work, EVERYONE complains about their ipod or computer to you which you dont get paid for
Potentially long hours. Long lines at the cafeteria? But other than that, there's no apparent downside of working at Apple.
-Since the corporate retail folks had not been allowing retail stores to hire more people for a while, many of us have been scheduled to the edge of our availability.
constant changes in policies and procedures drove me nuts
Customers (complaints) NetPromoter Points system (call in sick, 1 point, more than 6 minutes late, 1 point. Accumulate too many points during a quarter and you're fired) Butt-kissing gets you promoted faster than doing actual work "GAPple" management Non-apple new-hires that don't get any training Lack of space
That said, your work / life balance will be absolutely terrible. Managers are demanded all the time, and its on you to make sure a roll out, launch, or initiative succeeds. Often times, a day off is a joke, with plenty of emails and phone calls for follow up or other things of the sort. Apple controls communications, so often times, you're making special trips to work to do things, and due to the secretive nature of the company, you're often given very little lead time to get things in place. Rearranged schedules are the norm. PTO is a pain in the ass to schedule. Tough to see the "next move" once you've reached management, the limited number of stores is also a built-in challenge to that.
can get pigeon holed fairly easily
Sweatshop Management culture - Team slogs and manager grows Hire junior resources to keep the cost low
Work hours can be tough
managememnt has a tendency to skew themselves to select people. This some times does not allow people to move like they should
No growing opportunities inside the company
I worked there for nearly a year and half and it is a good place to work, although if you need to raise a family it won't pay near enough. The only way to get out of the measly salary is through management and they don't have a clear path to follow if that is the direction you wish to pursue. If you move from one area to another they will not match your salary and will make you go through the interview process again. Also, they have gone from an easy going educational sort of salesperson to the entire concentration being on making your numbers (solutions). If you don't make your numbers (selling the ad on's) then you won't be promoted to full time and you will be subject to pressure from the bosses to sell, sell, sell those solutions! Even when you make it to full-time the pressure is intense to sell those ad on's. It's a major competition with no real rewards for making your numbers - other than the ASM's getting bonus' on your behalf. Of course, they won't share that with the employee's. Also, you need to enjoy working weekends and nights.
The products are determined by the executives at the top. Your job is to execute fast and correctly. A false move can be career ending. No regard for your personal time, just get the job done.
The place went from being a very lax work environment that cared about it's employees to a very much numbers and sales oriented operation that made employees cut-throat against one another. got rid of bonuses, and barely gave any free iPods or iphone away. I remember the days of bonuses, lots of free iPods, and even a free iPhone.  It's sad when it's employees can't even afford to own the products their selling.  Also, ? used to have a more rigid hiring process, now they'll pretty much take you off the street even if you don't know what a computer is.  Kind of a sexist, homophobic, racist environment to work in at times.
It's a huge pressure cooker! Soon you'll realize that you will have to pick either career or family, not both.
Apple's well known reputation for protecting information security is sometimes a hindrance in terms of getting things done. This is a shortcoming that requires some adjustment for new employees.
very hard to live up to all the hype they feed you, upper management sometimes lacks training, hard to get used to doing things so differently, don't seem to keep a lot of their promises
secrecy is a little discouraging at times. people get worked very hard, get burned out. employee discount could be better. office space is severely lacking.
Discount is a little meagre.
You are there to be kicked by the customer, while management holds you down. They never stop thinking of news ways to work you, while your paycheck stagnates. Communications of company policies is sporadic. You are expected to keep up with the technology on person, unpaid time by customers and management, which is too much to ask for a job paying at this level. Management can be arrogant, oblivious, and mean-spirited all at once. You are not allowed to miss time for an ill relative - not even for a day. If you have a real, full-time job other than Apple, Apple will hire you and then assume it is first. There is absolutely no concern for employee safety. Music that is racist, sexist against some employees is allowed to play in BOH (Back of House) with no intervention from management. Management has been known to throw things at employees.
a bit hard to stay on the ball. you need to be up to date on all of apple's products and their functions.
Very low pay for responsibilities given. Does not seem to be the case in all markets. I find this unfair and should be balanced company wide. If I didn't love the job and company so much I wouldn't put up with it.
There isn't a clearly defined career path. There can be favoritism shown at times. Most companies offer salary and commission when selling big ticket items, Apple doesn't.
Working in Retail can be stressful at times. We have to be ready to change gears at any time. There are different career paths in Apple Retail but some of them seem to have a dead end.
have to deal with alot of BS
Using most salary websites as a bar: pay is in the lower quarter percent. Without management assistance movement in the company tends to be lateral. Upward mobility is hard to come by. There had been a steadier push to try to make sales on order maintenance calls which a lot of times feels at odds with providing excellent customer service. The online store staff has a tendency to be pushed aside for both the technical support teams and the sales teams when it comes to praise and recognition.
You will probably disappoint at least one or two people a day. And trust me, those disappointed people will blame you for their phone or computer not working. Management can be a toss up from store to store. Product launch dates are ridiculous and long and it will carry over to the next week or two. Also holidays bring just as much traffic, so be ready for non-stop days.
culture of secrecy can impact cross divisional productivity
Just not enough benefits for employees.
It is a bit easy to get lost in the shuffle of such a large organization. but if you are able to work long hours, you can succeed
Lack of support is tough to handle, but a fun challenge once you get the hang of it. Never a dull moment.
Customers have come to expect so much of us, that, thank goodness, we have a team of colleagues to turn to when we don't have a ready answer to every customer query. Pressure to deliver is relentless, so it takes a certain kind of bold achiever to function in an Apple environment. It's not for the weak of heart.
too much customers running through the shop and asking crazy things
extremely long hours for people around me. I've heard some other groups are less stressful and work regular hours, but overall people work very hard and long hours.
Serious pressure, demands, and time requirements.
Irregular hours. Retail customers can sometimes be a pain. Unfair low compensation. Standing for eight hours is tough. Not really a long term career. Dead end job.
As a female engineer, it was impossible for me to develop or even stay up to date. There were "some" really great guys who treated me as an equal from the first moment. However, there were too many others who excluded me, talked down to me, and discounted or ignored what I had to say.  I was shut out from the projects and information that I needed to stay up to day or develop as an engineer. I did everything in my power to try to get around this, and was still shut out.  They have a diversity program, but are very naive about what is really going on.  I also got the distinct impression that the software engineers would never get the same respect and status as the hardware engineers.  In addition, certain people, would obstruct teamwork and information sharing presumably to preserve their job security.  The last thing that really bothered me was that certain teams were required to work seven days a week for 2 or 3 months straight, in order to get a product out.
Compensation is not directly related to quality of work. Company politics and favoritism seems to be a problem --management's favorable circle is promoted to the exclusion of other employees. The usual retail drag --weekends, difficult to obtain full time or ideal part time situation.
You have the deal with tons of people and some of them are nuts. Most people don't know how to really use a computer and assume it has to be the fault of the computer itself. Retail is its own downside - you deal with consumers who want everything now, with expectations that exceed reality.
Long hours, high pressure, limited opps for advancement.
Some of first level managers are bozos. Higher level management is too busy with "management" that they overlook even the obvious signs of bad management.
People are really not that smart. Most are middle aged. The young guys are the kind who are not very ambitious (yeah - I have a girlfriend so I want to get done with the work). It is the kind of place where if you were to suggest some startup idea over lunch, they (your colleagues) will shoot it down. Very uninspiring.
If you come from a windows background/experience, expect to be made fun of (jokingly). Management will almost always side with the customer no matter how poorly you were treated. Apple's #1 priority in their retail environment is to satisfy the customer, they don't have to be as conscious about the effect on the bottom line of giving services (and product) away for free.
One must be disciplined to maintain a work life balance. Apple moves fast and it's very easy to become overwhelmed.
It's retail so that in and of itself is bad. Standing on your feet all day sucks too.
Underpaid, overworked. Insane level of secrecy between management and employees.
It takes time to build the best products - long hours are the norm. Very fast paced and places a lot of stress mentally and physically. Personal life takes a backseat. Systems are one of the worst in the industry.
Many departments, and their VP's, directors, and managers have unrealistic expectations of their employees. Particularly on the hardware engineering side of Infinite Loop (buildings 5 and 6), people get driven very hard and are regularly expected to work weekends.  I've witnessed age discrimination. On multiple occasions, co-workers over 50 were laid off without warning. I assume this is a routine pruning to let go the people with the highest salaries, but it always feels kinda wrong to me. My department does regular layoffs, maybe 8-10 people get dropped every 2 years. At the same time, we're always hiring. Our use of layoffs seems like a disingenuous (disingenuous since we're hiring simultaneously) way to drop poor performers.
Long hours, poor work/life balance. If you have small children or other family obligations that limit your hours to the typical 9 to 5, this is not the company for you. That mindset is typical for Silicon Valley, however.
Like any company, apple sometimes gets stuck inside its own processes, despite having a reputation for being "outside the box" thinkers. Salary reviews could come with more frequency. Call center hours change frequently, and there doesn't appear to be an easily understandable way to explain how schedules are handed out.
It's retail. Dealing with The Public sucks. The store gets really busy- there was literally one single time where it was empty of customers, and it's almost always quite busy. Also, people have ridiculously silly expectations of warranty coverage, and take it out on you on an almost daily basis.
No growth oppurtunities for retail employees, aka "the redheaded stepchild"
Unable to work on any side projects in coding or software development no matter what part of the company you work at. Management does not always understand directives of the company and different levels of management are sometimes misaligned.
Busy-ness. Always something to do, may be a downside.
Although you control your destiny, Apple picks who they want to hire and retain...and they are VERY picky indeed!
working your butt off for the pay
Because of the size and number of people that work for each apple retail location, there can be a tendency to get lost in the shuffle on occasion. There is a high rate of turnover in the staff, which can lead to periods where the customers do not receive the best service which can reflect badly on people who are doing well at their jobs.  There can also be a large amount of bureaucracy in finding out about positions within the company, the application process for those positions, and what steps need to be taken to be considered for those positions.
A lot of egos. People flocking in from large corporates without the Apple spirit.
Management are just people good at their job, not good at management. Managers are also expected to continue do do their previous jobs in addition to managing.
The means of advancement are not clearly outlined, and in-store communication in general is somewhat lacking. It's understandable, though, based on the sheer number of employees per store (often 100-150).  I detest EasyPays, the horrid windows-based mobile cash registers. They cause me more missed sales and opportunities than anything else in the store.
Retail does not allow for promotion and management will work you to death to make their bonuses. Frequently due to the explosion of Apple's popularity stores are overworked. Apple has increased the sales staff in many stores but the tech support staff is often overwhelmed. Stores are doing double the business they did last year with no additional support. Pay increases are minimal considering the increased amount of work. Management however in order to meet their bonuses often push retail employees to work even harder. Stores often will fine that they are physically too small as well. You'll be forced to work mere inches away from your co-workers.
They should consider giving some type of time off for part time workers. Alot of younger people work at the stores so people tend to band together. Sometime the management tends to not schedule any learning time
Like any retail experience, the customers can range from great to horrific. I thank my lucky stars I wasn't a technician, where everyone who comes to you has a problem of some sort. I've been yelled at and insulted by customers.
Low pay and relatively slow promotion.
Of course not every job is perfect, and even apple is not an exception. One of the main issues is that we do not receive our schedules until a week or 4 days before we are scheduled and its hard to plan your life around that. Also, your schedule changes every week which makes it difficult to plan other things because you never know when you will be scheduled. It is also sometimes very redundant because we are selling all the same things to some very obnoxious customers!
Apple has no conception of employees as human beings. This is made evident through its incentive bonus plan. You can earn a max of about $500 per month based on customer feedback. Exact amount depends on customer ratings and number of reviews received. However, management makes it clear through periodic reminders that if you miss any time at work for any reason, you are displaying a poor work ethic and will lose your earned bonus. A sick day costs you the entire bonus for the month, even if it's the last day of the month and you were about to qualify for the maximum bonus. Lateness to work for any reason, even a legitimate one like a car accident costs you a significant portion of the bonus. I have been with mothers as they sobbed in the break room, because they have to leave work in the middle of the day to take care of a sick child, knowing that they will lose their bonus money and will struggle to be able to pay the child's doctor. Apple management actually states in writing that "it is always your choice if you don't come to work and you are showing a poor work ethic if you don't". Legitimate sickness, legitimate child care issues, any legitimate reason for absence is not accepted. Because of the significant drop in earnings, people usually don't stay out when they're sick, colds and flu are rampant in this workplace. Furthermore, the requests for feedback about your work that Apple e-mails to customers do not mention your name, or the topic that was discussed during the telephone call. Quite often the customer reviews someone other than you, e.g. a previous agent they were dissatisfied with, or a Mac Genius at the Apple Store you referred the caller to. So even if you did a great job, you get a bad review on your record. This reduces the percentage of good feedback for the month and drops your bonus. Apple does not remove these mistakes from your record. Management says "you get some good ones and some bad ones." In other words, tough s***. I have lost hundreds and hundreds of dollars because of this unconscionable attitude. Who has the poor ethic in this picture?
Hard to get promoted unless you are part of the "in" crowd. They don't look at a person's strengths only the opportunities and use that as a basis of your not ready to take the next level. Too much philosophy and not enough application of knowledge. You can read a book but then you must stop reading and apply what you are learning.
The usual retail blahs. Salary is not as high as it should be for genuinely skilled and knowledgeable employees. Customers occasionally make you want to pull your hair out, so it's not for people with a lack of patience.
Apple takes pride in keeping things confidential and this has huge marketing impact for them. Product releases are treated as news. The problem is that everything is confidential inside the organization too, which means its hard to get the information you need to do your job.  It's also a pretty ruthless place to work, with non-stop urgent deadlines and little appreciation for your work.
Older employee base means there aren't very many social opportunities (colleagues go home to families rather than meeting socially). Employee satisfaction is not a top priority among upper management because "You don't work here for the money". Short term product cycles get in the way of long term investing, for example offices are crammed with 2 or more people and the new campus has been delayed to start construction by 2 years.
Apple is very secretive. It can be difficult to know what's going on ahead of time, and then all of the sudden, you need to shift and adapt. Schedules are very rough and change a lot. Releases, and crunch-time seems omni-present. It can be overwhelming. If your strengths do not include constant adaptation to continuous change, then Apple will frustrate you.
Everything is always changing, management, people, policies, products.
You don't get paid what you're worth, there are no commissions, your discount is sub par to the say the least. Holidays are hell on earth.
Nothing it is very good
A lot of standing, a lot of walking, constant pressure from managers to make high sales even though there is no commission.
VERY POOR advancement possibilities for Geniuses at Apple Stores. You're basically topped out unless you want to be management. Few geniuses ever make it to corporate. Really crappy schedule, typical of retail is nights and weekends. As a Genius, you are a customer service rep, you take a lot of abuse from customers in person, and often get forced to try to sell things to customers who are not in a good mood to begin with.
Choke hold on company transparency. Conflicting must-do requirements from managers who have less technical knowledge than they advertise. Pay is retail, not tech company. Reality distortion field requires brain bleach Kool-Aid Working at Apple destroyed my love for it as a company. Misrepresenting company policies to customers. Essentially, AAPL puts as much effort into pretending it is a flawless company as it should into being honest and forward to customers.
Growth is hard. If you're gonna go into this job in retail, expect it to be temporary. You can't really move up in the company quickly. It's contradicting on how they work. If you're the best at your job, they try to keep you there to help store numbers. Yet if you're bad at your job, they say you need to improve to get the other positions available. Don't assume working for apple retail now gives you an advantage to get into apple corporate. It no longer works like that. Retail doesn't mean crap.
periods of overload contracting doesnt provide the benefits
Retail hours (including weekends and holidays), the occasional obnoxious customer, absolutely no transparency from management, expectations of work don't match the pay rate, promotions are based on manager preference rather than job performance, additional responsibilities without pay raises are given to people all the time so they get burnt out, summers and holidays are almost unbearably busy  At my location specifically, I'm not a big fan of my management. I think they're mostly inept. This doesn't reflect on the company as a whole, but it's the main reason I'm somewhat dissatisfied here. Beyond my local and market managers, it at least appears that there are some competent people, but then again we've never actually met them, either.
Turning into a big box retail. Bad pay.  Payroll hours are limited during slower times of year but company continues to increase staff which causes hours per employee to average around 10 per week during slower time periods, about half the year. This decreases morale considerably.  Management is overall very positive but can tend to value going outside the company for positions rather than promoting from within. This leads to a lot of senior and regional managers who don't share the culture of the company and who have a large learning curve to get up to speed.
Promotions are almost non-existent and even when they do come you have to fight tooth and nail for it. I've heard horror stories of my friends who trained a new comer and then that new comer took the full time job he was inline for! Promotions from inside the company are almost a joke.
The biggest downside to working from Apple has to be the overcrowding on the main campus. They're building another campus, and they've leased a bunch more space, but new hires are starting to double up and the on site cafeteria has become a madhouse. Apple no longer has a sabaatical program, which is something I'd hope they bring back in the future. With the economy being the way it is, Apple holds the cards as far as compensation, but I really have no complaints. They recently improved the coffee situation too. I wish they had a better employee purchase program.
Not one that i cant think of
Less hours lately but that is the same case nation wide. Hopefully with the economy improving we will see even this downside go away. One of the things I heard about working for Apple was that it is a great place to work for quick advancement in the company.
There's no commission. The pay is average. Company is very secretive of information.
A lot is done manually. We focus on the customer experience & do what we have to do on the back end to make it seamless, so things don't work as smoothly behind the curtains as you'd imagine. There are also some VERY interesting characters that work here - you've got to be someone that is flexible in your work style & can communicate with various personality types.
Project secrecy can be a hindrance, but also adds to the allure of working at Apple.
One word: Retail. If you already have a degree, and are hoping a job at the Apple Store will get you noticed in the corporate world, forget it. If you are a student and need a cool $10/per hour job, then go for it. Otherwise, expect to be treated as just a warm body - management may talk you up about opportunities, but they are only concerned with one thing: making a sale. Coworkers who toe-the-line in the surreal 1984-style atmosphere behind the polished steel and glass doors are rewarded while those who may have real-world experience but don't become the store manager's pet are not. Check your real world at the door when you take a job for Apple Retail, because you have just entered Ron Johnson's fantasy land domain where Apple Stores are synonymous to ivy league universities such as Stanford, but not surprisingly, salaries aren't!
Ridiculous working hours. NO work/life balance
Working out of a home office can make you feel isolated. I also don't have a lot of opportunities to expand my professional network within the company, making professional advancement outside of my division next to impossible. To move up in my career path would require far more travel, which seems absolutely backwards. Our Marketing department is absurdly oppressive, I often feel that creativity is sought only from Engineering and Product Marketing while conformity is dictatorially and unkindly mandated elsewhere.
I would have to say that the benefits are poor for part time employees. They really only hire part time employees and the couple of full time positions are for aspiring management. Nothing wrong with that per se, it is smart considering they are publicly traded. There was a lot of pressure for achieving numbers at the store and from corporate and this is pushed on down. It wasn't done in a negative way but there is a lot of rah rah rah and negative people really won't do well there (I was fairly negative at the time and didn't really last to be honest) but if you love Apple it is a fun retail environment and you will love your colleagues. SO many Apple geeks!!!  In addition I would say that there seemed to be ample opportunities for trainings and moving on up, however you had to take the initiative because no one was going to hold your hand through it. You have to raise your hand and take the first step, which was encouraged of course.
Most of the sales managers have been in their jobs for 10-20 inside Apple. My manager was promoted despite having no experience working outside of Apple for the last 20 years. The "good old boy" network was in full swing. There was zero tolerance for "out of the Apple box" approaches business development, which is highly ironic for a company known for innovation. Our team brought proven concepts borrowed from other industries, with documented ROI, yet every attempt to improve processes was crushed by people who had been in their jobs far too long. To make things worse, very poor performance is tolerated if the employee is a manager "favorite", while top performers suffered. Many members of our group went for several years without a performance review, which then eliminated their chances for salary increases and promotion.
Retail politics are present even in this industry leader
Change the world? If you mean feeding starving kids in Africa, that's Bill Gates. Apple makes slick products for yuppies. In exchange, you get huge work hours, medium pay and benefits. This is okay though, it's not so different essentially from other companies. Worst problem is some of mid-level management. I've never seen the level of pettiness and in a couple of cases, viciousness toward employees anywhere else that I've seen here. It's not throughout the whole company, but there are a couple of sectors that are really bad, and they have lost people because of it. You have to be very careful about the mid to senior level management you'll work for.
The structure for advancement is very basic. Retail takes a big hit given our current economic situation so it is difficult to balance a staff of the right size and keep a consistent schedule. Vacation time is not that great.
Demanding environment, constantly under pressure
working in a mall word
Imbedded administrative processes can be cumbersome. You have to have a strong personality to "sell" internally.
Work/Life balance is hard to achieve. Stressful work at a high pace as company was / is growing so much. People there are extremely smart and you have to keep up with high standards all the time. Too many undefined processes with various departments involved ( you often can't speak or understand their 'language' - technical), and no training is available for learning the processes (it's all hands-on. Can't really figure out with common sense either as processes are highly technical. ) If you don't have a technical background, you may be lost.
There is a lot of info that comes at you. It is ever changing.
Some of the downsides of working at apple range from a variety of things. The major concern I had was that apple is a big company, and with such a precedent, there is limitation of communication between lower employees and higher employees.
busy, hard work, you not paid much
The pay at Apple is quite a bit below industry standards. Apple leverages the name in every possible aspect including employee productivity. Management puts the constant "fear" that there are others that would love to have your job and that you are never trying hard enough or doing enough.
Apple is still a workaholic's paradise.
No work/life balance, HR ineffective in dealing with senior level managers who display questionable ethics
High expectations, at times, very great schedule pressure if your work is part of a new product, sometimes difficult to get upper management to respect needs for balance between work and the rest of one's life.
Time management can be difficult.
Nothing, great place to work i love it.
If you are in retail, you have to abide by the store's hours, which can be anywhere from 7am to midnight. Also, different stores may have different management ideas. Some management teams might be great, others might totally stink. There is a lot you might have to sacrifice if you consider a full time job with the company.
Demanding and extremely results driven.
I've found some employees in parallel organizations (such as the EPM's) to be overstaffed, overpaid, egotistical and incompetent while at the same time, certain teams in in more technical areas have been grossly understaffed and underpaid. The environment is very fast paced in some of the higher profile teams, and thus people tend to burn out
When looking to get promoted there are a lot of qualified applicants from within, not to mention the outside. Highly competitive for advancement. Other downsides include the air secrecy around product releases and what not. While I understand Apple's desire to create a marketing buzz, as employees, we are immediately bombarded with questions about new products the moment they are announced when we in fact have no prior knowledge of them.
Your work schedule is all about Apple. Not about you. So If you are use to working and having the weekends off forget that. You may have 2 days in the middle of the week off. In a way that could be helpful if you are running to the doctors office with kids. But if you are single, or just a married couple it can really put a damper on things - especially if you enjoy going to church or enjoy being with friends and family on the week-end.  The other thing is the hours. With the crazy schedule and hours changing, it can be a challenge working for this company.
If you are hired at, lets say $10 an hour, six months later, another employee can be hired at $10.50 an hour for the exact same position, and you won't get a raise because of that. Basically the person with less experience will get paid more just for getting hired later. When you argue with the higher management, they will deny it even happening, even if you show them your pay rate against another person's pay rate. Also, you would think that because one works for Apple, one would know when new products are going to come out before the public. Sadly, no. Apple runs around employees with the same amount of secrecy as it does with the general public. And a major turnoff is we as employees are not allowed to speculate at all about possible future Apple products and software. If you do, you face getting fired.
They think they're the best computer company because they are.
Workaholism is rampant. Lots of talk about work/life balance, but it's nonexistent for most key resources.
This may have changed since I worked at Apple retail, but my training concentrated a lot on customer service and sales, which is great. It did not concentrate too much on store procedures and policy, which isn't too great. I found, at least when I was working there, that there's a lot of "learn as you go" in terms of customer returns, which forms to fill out, who to direct questions to, where items are located in back-of-house (such as service items), etc. While it's not terribly difficult to figure these things out on your own, it would help tremendously if more time was spent on giving this basic information during training so when you encounter those types of situations, you're not left scratching your head or scrambling around to find someone who knows how to do what you need to be doing - it looks unprofessional to the customer.  Apple corporate also keeps employees in the dark just as much as the general public - when the iPhone was announced in January of 2007, the employees only knew as much as the general public did, and had to resort to looking at the website in order to figure out features, pricing, etc. in order to answer questions. I imagine it was the same a year and a half later for the iPhone 3G. While I can understand an amount of secrecy in order to create the necessary "wow" effect for when a product launches, there has to be some way to brief the employees in the retail channel that are going to be actually SELLING the thing so that they're not caught too off-guard - even just a "be prepared tomorrow, something's coming" would suffice so that people would be mentally prepared.  And when I mentioned earlier that retail employees aren't required to sell certain products, that's really a grey area, and the one place where I was able to keep myself grounded and remember that while Apple is a great place to work, you're still ultimately just selling computers. There are several add-ons or "attachments" that you're expected to at least TRY to sell (mobileme [formerly .mac, which is what I sold at the time], ProCare/One-on-One, and AppleCare). These attachments are included in the daily metrics alongside each system you sold, so you can see what you sell better and what you might need to work on. Management will sometimes just have a quick word with you about your attachment rate if it isn't too hot in some areas and ask if you need help in how to sell these products. That's the only real things that I every felt pressured to try to sell, because while it doesn't affect your employment or pay rate, you nonetheless feel that there is pressure to sell these products with the system, even if you think some of them are worthless add-ons (which I personally felt everything except AppleCare were).
Middle management can be very frustrating. There is a serious lack of communication from the bottom up and the top down. I would prefer an environment where every contributer is respected as an asset and not a commodity.
Because of the soaring popularity of Apple, the stores can get pretty crazy at times....
Apple is retail, and like any retail store the challenge of not selling your soul does exist. Remember to stay true to who you are, and keep in mind that there are plenty of people dying out there because they do not have access to enough food or clean water-- all the while customers will be pouring in and out of the store with brand new three-thousand dollar macbook Airs (so their wife can check her e-mail in the kitchen wtf).
Some customers can be very rude and/or hard to help. But that can be expected at any retail.
No health care of Part Time Employees, they do not like to promote from within especially to a manager position. They hire too many managers from Gap. No ongoing training for Mac Genius or specialist. No exchange programs between stores. No training, NO training, NO on going training
AppleCare can be a fun and rewarding place to work, but be prepared to be stuck in practically the same job forever. There are basically two levels: managers and everyone else. If you don't want to be a manager, you will find almost no opportunity for job growth at all. The large amount of cash Apple has accumulated over the last few years has not really been redistributed to the employees. In AppleCare, if you are an exceptional performer, the biggest raise you can expect is only about 5 or 6 percent. Though, they tend not to lay people off, which could be considered a nice trade off.
The company's expectations are very high. Product schedules are aggressive and the quality bar is high, so pushes to get releases out can be tough. Management is often willing to let you work as hard as you're willing to, which in retrospect can be more than you really wished you'd worked. Apple doesn't offer quite as much vacation time as some other companies (though Christmas through New Year's is a free vacation every year), and a bit more time off would help.  Also, the company is very fast-paced, so things can change quickly. Get used to decisions being made one day and changing the next, but on the plus side the final decision is nearly always the right one.
Steve makes almost all decisions, big or small, irrespective of others opinions and thoughts.  Very unforgiving. Mistakes, big or small, are not tolerated. Compensation is average at best. Benefits are mediocre for a company this size and profitable. Too many contractors that don't share the same pride for the work. Internal secrecy and lack of process makes things chaotic and thus you are always scrambling to meet deadlines. Work-life balance can be a major problem, you are always taking home work.
The hours are long, the salaries are not fantastic, and the benefits (health, 401k) are fairly average. I wouldn't rate these as necessarily downsides, but just areas where Apple doesn't shine.
It's a bit of a cattle call. Tons of employees, tons of customers. When you work in a zoo, you know you work in a zoo.
Competition for growth within the company is very strong. This means that what would be considered a small mistake at another job, may remain in the back of management's mind come promotion time.
Nothing company-specific. Of course you can run into micro-management, which happens everywhere. Sometimes the lack of information was annoying, although that's to be expected with product launches, etc.
Management definitely likes to micro-manage. If your a Genius be prepared to give up your pride whenever a customer isn't happy, your given policies and procedures on everything but if that doesn't work for a customer, your manager will make it work for them. It's fun being a Genius, but being in a retail environment will knock the wind right out of that sail.
I guess the only downsides of working in the stores would be not having any form of commission or bonuses. It would be nice getting some extra cash, especially after a long day of bringing in thousands of dollars and sometimes having to put up with some very irritable customers.  Another thing would have to be the constant reminder to upsell memberships. Sometimes, you know when your customer doesn't need or want it. It's not too bad with the managers, but just the fact that something as small as getting your customer to sign in for a "Personal Shopping" appointment to get points for corporate can be a little irritating.
Communication could be better but otherwise if you like long hours and can adapt to change at a moments notice you'll fit right in.
Middle management sometimes show little foresight.
The policies that they provide for you are intended to be used as a guideline. However, each manager has their own preference of service and it makes it very annoying to be told ten different preferences. Also the breaks that we are allowed tend to be very random and not given if theres too many people. I end up very tired due to being on my feet for a full 4 hours without any breaks nor time to cool down between customers.
bad balance between work and personal life, tons of internal politics, favoritism, etc which gets translated into management opportunities/promotions that may or may not be deserved. often, although they're wonderful people, it seems as if management is entirely clueless about key things going on.
You do not get recognized for your hard work.
Telecommuting is not encouraged. Some pressure to keep "innovating" and coming up with new ideas. Hard to keep with the fast pace and long hours. Burn out work schedule is expected for at least 2-3 months before every major release. Even during non-deadline time, the younger, fresh out of college students would volunteer to work nights and weekends for no apparent reasons. The culture makes the work/life balance harder for those who have family.
The downside to working there is that there are still a few of the people around who nearly ran Apple into the ground back in the Sculley/Spindler/Amelio days. Fortunately though, they are few and far between.
being asked tech questions all the time
You are expected to work 16 hour days and weekends.
Don't see any negatives except working holidays but that is the nature of retail.
hmmm work hard but heck what job is there you cant work hard
Can be stressful dealing with frustrated customers.
Repetitive. Limited growth for part-time.
Retail has no set work hours, they vary every week. Weekends off are a rare occurrence. Working with customers can be very stressful at times. Compensation is good but not great, it should be higher.
1) You are exposed to limited set of the product. you can not talk to some other team about the product. 2) It is same maintainance/feature enhancement kind of work on different products 3) As a summer intern you will not paid that much as compare to other companies 4) You will be limited to your sub modules. 5) Work environment is really boring. It feel really dull to work in such environment.
Mid-management could do a better job of listening to employees.
Poor raises somewhat offset by excellent other benefits. Difficult work schedules, brutal feedback. No matter what you do, Steve Jobs is the only name on the final product.
Lately, Apple has had a bad habit of hiring management from other retail ventures and these managers do not understand how to function properly within the Apple environment. Numbers are a big part of the game and some managers judge you based on your numbers, regardless of how good or bad your customer service skills and knowledge of the product is. Like any other retail job, some stores have better management teams than others. Generally, the stores run by internal Apple management, that is, ones who started out at a lower level and worked their way up, tend to have a more satisfying work environment.
Both management and customer demand cause problems in trying to get things done. Never enough time and some employees have to work off the clock and during breaks to keep management off of your back. No one wants to "look bad" to their bosses in the name of "accountability." In order to be promoted from Retail to Cupertino you have to "SHINE" compared with most, making it nearly impossible for advancement. Mostly single, younger, "eager beavers" under age 30 who are willing to sacrifice things to work at the "mothership" head there, nearly anyone else can forget it.
If you are hired at, lets say $10 an hour, six months later, another employee can be hired at $10.50 an hour for the exact same position, and you won't get a raise because of that. Basically the person with less experience will get paid more just for getting hired later. When you argue with the higher management, they will deny it even happening, even if you show them your pay rate against another person's pay rate. Also, you would think that because one works for Apple, one would know when new products are going to come out before the public. Sadly, no. Apple runs around employees with the same amount of secrecy as it does with the general public. And a major turnoff is we as employees are not allowed to speculate at all about possible future Apple products and software. If you do, you face getting fired.
Apple is very demanding and the customers are very needy. You need to be extremely patient and be able to deal with difficult people on a daily basis.
You have to use a Mac, not a PC. There is no right click button on the mouse, so you have to do a lot more work to get the same result a lot of times. The lack of dress code means some people come to work straight from the gym, so it can get a little smelly in the afternoons. And it is very very hard to keep your Mac shiny and pretty, especially when you have been kicking it all day for freezing every time you try to save something in Excel. Fortunately, the company does provide cleaners for this purpose.
Good old boy system. Lackluster upper management in retail channel. The values of Apple are suppose to carry over to the retail channel but there is no one for check and balance so they don't. Never think there is an open an door and a "safe environment"
No hours, even though it's always super packed. It's a fairly stressful working environment. The managers claim they don't want you to do any hard selling, but then get on your case about not meeting metric goals. The managers also claim that they always want you to get all of your breaks, but I'm often so busy on the floor that I only get to take a lunch break (If I'm even scheduled for enough hours in a shift to qualify for one).
People are quite annoying at times, after all it is still retail. Often times managers will promote friends or friends of friends over more competent individuals. The hip no nothing about computer, but Apple is cool crowd is annoying...
Management cannot/does not make consistent decisions. Working a constant shift is impossible. Standards for mac genius got lower and lower as the time passed. Employee suggestions were never taken into consideration. Management has little to no working knowledge about technology. The one bad customer can make the 100's of good ones disappear.
Management incessantly lying and taking credit for all the hard work the employees do. Even though I was promoted several times, most promotions were due to favoritism instead of people actually doing any work. Incompetent people that didn't know anything about Apple and the products kept getting hired (especially for management). It turned into a car dealership environment.
Too much pressure to sell add-ons, even if the customers don't need them. Store management is hired from the shoes & socks retail stores and don't really understand technology and the sales cycle. Management runs the store like a high school. Management under-estimates the talent of the employees. The store manager is king in this environment and if you don't make her happy, your job is over. Sad, very sad.
Fast changing product lines, No incentives to meet sales goals
Long hours as it typic with any tech company
Little empowerment from senior management. Little investment into personal and professional development. Meritocratic only to the extent that someone above you leaves (which happens infrequently). Politics can be nightmarish. Internal secrecy often conflicts with knowledge sharing and collaboration. Lack of process and structure. Need to aggressively manage your own career or you can end up staying in the same place forever.
12-16 hours/day. Secretecies. No process. No leadership below Steve.
Long hours and some of the craziest, fast-paced environments in retail from October to January 1. You can say goodbye to work/life balance during this time of the year.
It's a retail job. Plain and simple. While everyone loves their iPhone and Macbook as much as you do, at the end of the day, it's still retail, and pay, while better than most retailers, could always be better.
Work life balance. Very flat structure with few employee positions (atleast in my group). So less chance for promotions.
On the other hand, there are the add-ons. Although there is no commission, we are expected to sell applecare, procare, 1v1, and mobileme at certain percentages. I hate this because it almost is like working on commission because you are worried about your numbers, which they do look at pretty heavily. Applecare is fine, because hey you should buy applecare it is a good idea. On the nanos/touchs its a little iffy, but still a worthy investment. But procare? Very situational service, as is mobileme and 1v1. You pitch all these services and feel like you're pushing them, and sometimes you are harder than you should, because you start thinking man this could help my procare numbers! And everyonce in awhile, someone buys it and they never use it, but you made it sound good. 1v1 is great, if you need lessons. Mobile me is awesome, if you have multiple devices you want to sync, or would use the ilife sweet and storage space online. and procare is cool if you have an extra 100 bucks to plop down to be a VIP. But the fact of the matter is people do come in on budgets, and they shouldnt be treated any less well than others. If someone says hey, i have 1323 dollars, I'm going to buy a macbook, but I'll be back with that money. I know he/she is not getting applecare or any other service, so I don't paticularly want that sale. If they see me and come to me when they come in than thats that, but if they dont, ill be happy about that. That shouldn't be in my motivations. The reason you can buy applecare within a year, is because this is a huge investment and people sometimes don't have the money to throw down an extra 160 and up. Yes its worthy, but if you've been saving to get yourself this computer, and you just made 1300, you're not going to save up another couple weeks and come back to buy applecare and the computer at once, u'll buy it and tack it on later when you have the money. Theres nothing wrong with that, that person gets a great computer that they've been wanting and has the option of spacing out the spending on applecare. The problem, however, is we think shoot no applecare, and that person becomes slightly less important. They shouldn't but they do. If someone buys an ipod Touch from me, and they get applecare, I will go out of my way to put on a screen protector, I have a good chance of offering to do it. But if no applecare, than unless they ask I'm not putting on a screen protector. They didn't help my numbers. It just makes commission stress in a non-commissioned job, and sometimes that can get to be overwhelming. I should be excited for them and say, lets enjoy your new computer Ill show you cool things, have fun with it! And i do, but a little less enthusiastically because in the back of my mind I"m thinking, where can I put applecare into this sentence so they come back and buy it from me? Yes, some people just blow off applecare, but I'd rather pitch it my best, and then at least know they're very likely to get it in the near future. It is a great service, but some people are skeptical, and if they want to go home ask their friends, research it before they buy it, then they should be able to! I shouldnt be gunning for them to buy now! They'll find out its great, and they'll get it! If there were a way to link a particular computer to that sale, so that when applecare eventually is registered..that would be better, but still, we're being judged on how much money people have, and what they are willing to spend. somedays Ill get 100 percent applecare, somedays people jsut don't want it. I pitch it the same, and I'm good at it, but thats the way it is. I purposely avoid saying you have a year to sign up, because I know once I say that its game over...then they say oh we'll get it later. They should know that, they should have options upfront so they can make the best decision for them. For some people that just want to cruise, this isnt a problem. You won't get fired for your numbers unless they're really bad for a really long time. But for people like me, who hope to one day be a manager, the stress is unbearable. Every sale you want to improve you're numbers, you want to blow every one else out of the water, you want to be that successful stand out that is the only choice for manager. But sometimes its just the people that you get, and not how great, how helpful, and how good you are at pitching the services. I can go on for hours about how cool mobile me is, but if you don't want it/can't afford it, you're going to tune me out. If you don't have multiple devices, then I talk about iLife, if you don't use that, and have no interest, I talk about storage space and backups...if you just don't want it, and have no need for it, than I won't sell it to you or try any harder to sell it. And in the back of my mind I think, damn, there goes a little bit of my numbers. Another negative about working there is the occasional rude customer. At least once a week I get a foreign person that comes in, and tries to buy 3 iphones, with no applecare, mobileme etc. (ouch my numbers!) but the annoying part is it is because they are reselling them, and there is no point of having a personal connection with them, in fact they will resist it. All of them will lie straight to your face, and that is demeaning and depressing. On at least 3 occasions I've had someone tell me they are psyched to get an iphone, they tried their friends and loved it, they are buying one for themselves and one for their family member...I start ringing it up, get an error, call at&t and they say this account has purchased too many iphones. Then i go back out to the floor, and say to the person that literally just told me this is my first iphone, im excited!, that they have already had too many, and cannot buy another one. Once the guy continued with the act, said really on my account? that cant be, maybe my brother bought one....and I say, you need 10 to be limited, and he says no way....then says, i'll figure it out with at&t and come back. Clearly does not come back. That is a negative to working here, but its an acceptable annoyance for mostly genuinely good customers.
Location outside of the bay area
Long hours expected. Never worked this hard at a job in my life. Rapid turnover rate with management means it's hard to develop a mentoring-type relationship with a manager who helps you develop your career. I've had 5 managers in less than 2 years, and each time I work under a new one, I have to go through the whole learning curve of proving my worth and learning their style, all over again. Corporate culture also is big on secrecy, sometimes to the point of paranoia.
my manager can be very indirect and unforgiving. It is advised that you do not make any silly mistakes or your ass is on the line.
You are on your feet all day and there is no commission. If you are not a people person, forget about it. Sometimes others will get promoted faster than you.
1. CEO spends way too much time in some of the trivial things 2. Innovations of product are fine but innovation in managing people quality is not great 3. CIO is not treated like a C level executive 4. IT senior management is disappointing 5. In last few years many incompetent people got in as employee
can be poor communication in the store. they also focus too much on selling attachments to customers. They to do a better job of backing up their employees and and stand up for them when confronted with difficult customers
By teaching us how to ask open/close ended questions to every guest that purchases something in order to find an opening to suggest a relevant solution, they expect us to sell a certain amount of "add-ons" like Applecare, Procare, MobileMe and OnetoOne with every product sold. I would rather just like to have a genuine conversation with the guest and not have to worry about sale numbers especially since I don't make commission. Most guests are already on a budget when buying and I can tell they already feel pressured to buy if I bring up MobileMe and how well it works with iLife. And at that point, I still have to go over Applecare and OnetoOne. Oh yeah, I don't make commission.
For those who don't want to travel, Apple is not the company for them in an ops position. Travel is required and very frequent in order to be on top of issues that are pertinent to ones position.  A lack of structure is an obvious flaw which affects the team's ability to stay organized and to keep the lines of communication open.
Apple has a poor work/life balance. And the promotion schedule is generally too slow, as is the pace of salary increases. However, Apple Inc has amazing products, and is commitment to innovation unlike most companies. Cash flow to employees is fairly limited and based on what I know, no one will think themselves paid well until they make the jump into director level and beyond. However, there's amazing equity appreciation available in a company that carries such a high market valuation. People there are very smart and generally motivated. The "supporting" roles around the products are also motivated, but at times they may not be as committed as your team needs them to be. Ultimately, there's a poor work and life balance at Apple.
high expectations, not enough communication between departments
Long hours, little recognition. Cafeteria is a little expensive. It getting really crowded here also. Many people are now 2 to an office. Too many engineers turned managers that don't know how to manage people.
The company has left it's roots as the laid back and fun place. It has now become a company in the true sense. It's not terrible, but it went from being a fun place to be to being work. Still, a great place to work.
Work life balance, no perks, 25% off a computer, come on give your employees a break. Very little in compensation. They change policy constantly and really have no concept of how to treat people as humans (senior management)
The food is subsidized but not free, like other employers. And my commute is long. While Apple does provide free shuttle services to San Francisco, East Bay and San Jose, there is no shuttle service to my city. I wish there were better commute options for me.
You can burnout because a passion does not always seems like work but certain positions require you to constantly go over and above when it comes to your time and personal life . . . you have to make apple your life.
We are depending on the market like every one else. Apple tries really hard to make the work fun and we preach that every day to have fun helping people with a huge purchase in there life. Down side is most of the time you have to start of as a part time employee, but to move up its not hard.
a secretive environment and ridiculously busy people
As with any company that produces ground breaking products, hours can be long and work stressful. They seem to favor handing out stock options over cash bonuses which is great when the stock is going up, but cash would be nice.
I'm having a real difficulty thinking of any.
lack of communication between departments, constant internal policy changes, promotion through popularity or politics
In general, near perfection is the assumed performance that an employee will give. As a result, significant accomplishments are often taken for granted by managers with little recognition being given to the employee. Even though the monetary recognition is there, the importance of the old pat on back is often forgotten.
Secrecy, management style, transparency, or the lack thereof.
Long hours and demanding schedules are a downside for some. Limited flow of information.
Product knowledge of new releases have to be learned, generally, on the day of the release.
No commission, dealing with the "iPhone public." Lot of talk of promotions, but certain lower-level management was generally slow to act. Long hours sometimes, but company was never stingy about overtime pay (all depending on your store manager).
Fan boys and egos run a muck at the company. People forget the little tings and just good judgment. Too many people sometimes play favorites.
Becoming more corporate, compensation is weak
Crazy retail hours, never able to make everyone happy, poor pay
Secrecy hurts the company - employees are given limited information about important company news and events. Also, the tremendous volume of customers a store handles in a single day makes the pace incredibly stressful at times, and you are often forced to multi-task to the limit of your ability to comprehend. Customers can be extremely rude if they feel they've been slighted by the company, which seems to be frequent, as many people today have a sense of entitlement the size of California. The company also expects you to be a "team player" i.e. devote a generous portion of your free time to your work schedule.
Stucture needed for a growing company. As the organization get bigger, the organization will need to change how they go to market and the processes that the organization employs. The organization opposes this becauses it changes the company culture, but there is a way to balance maintaining the culture with structure needed for a growing organization.
Maniacal dictator leadership. Not particularly good at promoting a strong balance between work and personal life. Expectations (unspoken, of course) of a 50, 60, 70 hour work week are not unusual.
The caste system between engineers and all who are not. Includes pay, smugness, attitude. People who aren't engineers are sometimes regarded as less intellectual, even though the work might be very creative, very important, and very mind intensive. You have use the F-word, "flexible", more times than one cares to count.
Can be competitive at times, and everyone is very busy... almost too busy.
Too vague in terms of processes making it frustrating sometimes to get in touch with the right people.... sometimes I wonder at the inefficiences with which we operate in terms of operations and still get such a healthy margin.... what would happen if we can tighten our processes... somehow vagueness is a doubel-edged sword here at apple.. it fosters great ideas sometimes but leads to ad-hoc actions a lot of times making the company lot of money.....
In Retail - management. They hired people with no knowledge and gave them no training. Communication was next to nothing. Netpromoter feedback was only communicated it it was negative. Incompetent people were promoted. Policies were continually ignored, broken or sometimes outright imagined. Employee feedback was ignored, and if recognized, it was shot down or patronized. More attention was paid to sales numbers than customer satisfaction. Training provided was to "increase the sale" rather than find the best solution for the customer. Lack of inter-store communication left our market in the dark and the customer experience scattered and varied.
Too much work for engineering teams. Most Directors/VPs want to hire more engineers, but they fail to hire enough QA to support them. QA is strained to the hilt throughout, especially in Mac Engineering, iPod and iPhone. Though management promises to do better, projects generally end up demanding weekend after weekend of commitment, or risk being labeled "not a team player." Most entry-level QA positions pay below the market average, and demand more time. In the end, Steve Jobs stands up at a comm meeting and offers a round of applause for everyone's families, but no profit sharing.
Work life balance. A lot of tops down direction and not enough freedom to make decisions.
There are few full time entry level jobs in the retail side.
Most store managers or general managers are incompetent. They lack respect for the employees and treat the majority of the customers with little or no respect.
It is a personality driven organization, and only those personalities that match the screaming tantrum thrower at the top seem to get ahead. The secrecy is beyond fastidious and is in fact insultingly petty and political, and often is an impediment to actually getting one's work done. Communication is not a skill that is prized or rewarded and thus is naturally underdeveloped to the point of atrophy. We're remunerated well, but not as well as perhaps we might be.
For working in the AppleCare division: As with any call center there is the strictness to adherence and also to attendance. This has never become an issue for me as I've worked in call center environments for over 10 years now and that is really a downside to all call centers.
Oh, those high-traffic hours. Definitely a good but bad thing. Understandably, people get emotional about their technology products. When you are not the "Genius," you are often caught in the sticky situation of explaining product limitations or product issues with your customers while releasing very little information. Never expect your customers to know your limits. Working Apple retail requires a lot of patience and a lot of people skills. Apple used to be an almost boutique-y computer store, but more and more it's attracting people for whom the system and the company are foreign worlds. There's going to be a lot of hand-holding involved in your time as a Apple retail employee. Of course, you may also be faced with know-it-alls, in which case, you just gotta listen to their esoteric talk and grin.
If you think having a college education will get you ahead while working at apple retail..... you're wrong. Which is good for the regular joe... but sucks for the degree holders. I love my job... but when it kind of burns to see the 18 year old fresh out of high school working right along side a 30 year old with a Bachelors degree.
Overly secretive. Little to no room for advancement. The retail roles are extremely repetitive and at times nauseating. Great if you're a college student or something, but everyone else should steer clear (though to be fair, that's true of retail in general). I don't feel like I'm recognized for my hard work and am highly limited in the ways I can advance within the company.
If you don't work hard, you are unable to advance. The biggest issue is you have to wait for a new store to open in order to fully advance or for a stores popularity to pick up in order to allow the opening for a Creative or Genius position to open. The other issue is the transfer from Retail to corporate can be a bit more difficult since there isn't as close of a relationship between the retail and corporate divisions.
Baby managers, salary for part time, big turn over in staff.
Apple doesn't seem to be very sincere in the professional development of the Creatives. It is very difficult to find the time and motivation at the job to study for certifications. Apple uses the certification card as bait to attract you to work there, then there isn't much follow up. Also, Apple Retail is...RETAIL. It's easy going in to ignore that.
I believe that certain directors in Apple's Manufacturing Operations will burn out an employee to the point where the employee's ability to function is seriously impaired. The director can then drive them out of the company and get someone fresher. I believe that they often target an employee early as a candid for removal. Even a good performer who falls out of favor politically can look forward to intense scrutiny for many months or years.
The retail side of Apple is no different than other retails operations concerning pay, time off and scheduling. Apples policy for part time employees is they must be flexibiles and schedules are only know two weeks in advance.
having to spend your time selling cellphone service for iphone, association with AT & T, poor compensation and rewards for outstanding employees--pretty much everyone is equal, mixed messages from management about what is more important--helping customers or making sales quotas, too much emphasis on selling extras that new users don't need right away,
It seems that the pay is low. However, with the perks of personal flexibility, respect, and meaningful work, I'm not sure I would work anywhere else. The level of secrecy at Apple can also be irritating if you're in engineering.
Miserable hours, overworked, treated terrible by customers and no backup from management. The company doesnt tell their employees about any new product coming out to protect the product. You will be harassed for discounts more than you will ever know.
Trying to deal with problems with cutting edge technology while customer are upset at you for 8 hours a day. Standing on your feet all day while trying to solve complex problems is mentally and physically draining.
Where I worked, scheduling was a nightmare. I practically never had any weekend days off and, since the store hours were 24/7, I had to work much later than I would have liked. When you are scheduled to work from 11-8 or 1-10 on a regular basis, your job becomes your life. There's not enough time to do anything before work and by the time you get home its also too late to do anything. Also, Apple can oftentimes feel more like a cult than a company. There's only so much self-congratulating one can take before you start believing it. Don't! Remember, you are just a cog in their unfathomably large wheel. Yes, Apple may in fact be more selective than Princeton when it comes to new hires (something that was repeated many times during the hiring process), but maybe that's because most of their employees are low-level proles just trying to pay the rent. Only the top students in the world would even consider applying to Princeton, but anyone can fill out an Apple application. It only takes a few minutes and can be done one their website! I cannot stress this enough: Do not drink the Kool-Aid! This is just a job and you are just an employee.
Apple is essentially, a dictatorship. There are very few public companies that are so dominated by a single CEO, and Apple is probably the most extreme case. While everyone respects SJ, they also live in constant fear of him, and this trickles down to his senior management and so on throughout the entire company. Sometimes it seems like the entire management structure tries to mirror SJ, so you have a lot of VPs who are treated like royalty.  It is difficult to get things approved at Apple. Every major decision must go through multiple levels of decision and then up to SJ himself. No detail is too small for him to review - it is amazing how he has time look at everything.
Customers, understandably very sensitive about their computer-related investments, get a bit testy sometimes and take their anger out on you, when they are often the cause of their own problem.
This is a very high stress job as the customers can be some of the worst people ever born, especially first-time Apple customers who're under the impression that everything should "just work" without any kind of intelligent input from the user. We've got lots of brand-name recognition, and a very high reputation that isn't all that hard to live up to, but more and more, people expect much more than they are willing to accept as the truth of a situation.
Long hours. Each department is seriously understaffed. Big name, but runs like a start up (by design).
Secrecy is the cult tool of management. While secrecy is beneficial during development, and helps make a big splash on introduction of a product - the paranoia still runs deep after the product has shipped. The default answer to any question is "say nothing publicly", and this philosophy is driven out of fear, even for purely technical discussions.
Limited mobility within the retail structure. Pay rates for certain positions (specifically in the technical support field) can be significantly lower than those with equal qualifications. The retail architecture can at times feel strained and can work to distance employees feelings of belonging to the company as a whole.
The downsides of working for such a family oriented company is that everyone is in an intricate relationship with one another. It is like being in high school all over again complete with cliques: the popular kids and the nerds. Since it is such a relaxed environment where your personality is a huge part of your "uniform", there are people who clash with each other and others who take advantage of the lax environment and do not do any work. There are times when I do feel under appreciated for the work that I accomplish because it isn't a place to get reviewed and promoted too often.
the pace of the store along with sometimes being understaffed is a major downside
Sometimes people are given more work than can fit in a 40 or 50 hour work week. It makes it challenging to have work/life balance even though managers encourage work/life balance.
The retail environment is unruly. There is never a break in the day and management rarely supports your mental well-being by helping to breaks. Once you become a key member of the team (full time and are a leader in your department) or you have a particularly well-based exceptional knowledge-base, the questions never stop rolling in. Your role becomes much more similar to that of an Assistant Manager, who also get badgered quite a bit, but without the pay. Management has no problem assigning more responsibility but never compensates for it either in the way of a raise or in the form of preference for day off or scheduling requests. Lastly, there is no commission structure in place. Given the huge disparity in work ethic (which translates to sales), some kind of commission structure would make the mayhem worth it, but there isn't. There is nothing to reward me for working at a grueling pace all day to try and keep customers happy—I make the same as a peer who has figured out just how much work they need to get done to look busy and fly under the radar. Even a half of a percent commission would add up really quickly for me, particularly on days when I break 20k in sales. $100 in commission in a single day would double my salary. Management and corporate doesn't see to care about who sells their computers. To them, we are a renewable resource, once we burn out and leave, they'll get someone else to do it—and don't forget it's a privilege to work for Apple. What a joke!
Much like sausage making....you enjoy the end product but don't want to know how it was made. There often times can be a lot of thrash, or lack of communication that leads to more stress than is needed. And being part of a large company (even Apple) can leave you feeling like your just a cog in the machine somedays. Apple does not do a good job of reviews, or communicating to employees real feedback on their performance and what is needed to get to the next level. Promotions are often based more on working tons of hours or having completed a major task (much easier for developers to show than someone in QA). So often developers are promoted to be a manager not because they'd make a great manager but because they worked really hard, and did some great thing.
- Decisions are made by C-level executives. If you come to Apple, don't expect to be able to make the types of decisions, no matter how small, you made at other companies. Additional downsides to this are the amount of time that it takes to be able to get decisions made, then act on them. Jobs are generally more focused on execution so depending on the type of environment you come from, you may not feel that you are having any impact. Great jobs for people right out of school or those intending to stop at Apple for just a year or two to get the company on their resume. - Opportunity for advancement is minimal. If you are looking to be promoted, you will probably need to leave the company and then return later. Same goes for salary increases. - Outside of product development, people don't feel the need for change (there are lots of individuals who have been at the company 10-15 years+). People are very content with processes as they are. Get used to hearing "well, this is the way we have always done it..." No sense of urgency.
There can be a lot of long hours. It's important to set limits for yourself, particularly if you have a family. Training in new technology is often lacking. And when it is provided, there is often no opportunity to use it without transferring to another team. In moving to other positions, it's important to be ENTHUSIASTIC about the job. I don't know whether that means doing somersaults across the floor -- but you can't just have the talent without showing enthusiasm.  Still wish there were at least free drinks and maybe a complementary breakfast for early birds coming in to work. Some managers still haven't grasped the benefits of telecommuting.
Hard to get a full-time job there.  The secrecy is a big negative. Even when you are an employee, you are still kept in the dark, especially about the "coolest" and newest R&D. There is a lot of research going on there, but since it never gets out, it's worthless.  Long term -- it's not clear what will happen when Steve Jobs leaves. It seems unlikely he will continue to lead Apple for another two decades. It's possible the "magic" will go when he does.
At the retail stores it can be difficult dealing with political garbage of moving up. Even worse sometimes the stores really do hire incompetent kids and you have to deal with their immaturity, lack of professionalism and overall lack of knowledge.
NO OVERTIME, and long hours. it is true that we don't get payed overtime and that is why I left. I worked there after high school and had an awesome time working there but i didn't make much money (well, it's not very high in the company, so i can see why it wouldn't pay much but 19k is not enough!) I also had to work for extremely long shifts, one time i worked 12 hours straight! and when i went on vacation it wasn't paid and i was on call which was stupid.
At times, a lot of foot traffic, a multitasker's home. Maybe some rude folks, but great for the most part.
As a an Apple Retail employee, you're replaceable. And they don't hesitate to remind you of that. Pay is high for retail, low for technical jobs. There's a lot of strife between the store and regional levels, and between the stores themselves. There's lots of drama.
if you're not working on the hot product, such as iphone or ipod, you're nothing. bonus and profit sharing only go to director level.
Salary is low. Stock options given only after multiple yrs of experience.
Middle management didn't really impress me much. SJobs is clearly awesome but I think that the trickle-down has caused a bunch of 'yes men' to end up in the lower ranks.
It can get tiring. It is crowded, and there are so many customers trying to find someone to help them. No matter how many employees are on the floor, there could always be more. The first month I worked there I lost my voice
none at the moment, my work experience with apple has just begun.
No life/work balance Expectation of being on-call 24 hours a day/ 7 days a week No standing processes, manual paper report driven Need for constant non-value add communication required from management Very stressful work
- compensation and benefits are less than other similar companies in the area - long death marches to the final release or major milestone, expect to work late nights and weekends for several months before a product is shipped or before a conference
Stagnant growth in certain market fields. "Short" business structure in retail leadership , results in overwhelmed leadership who tend to let the details slip through the cracks. Certain job titles are under paid considering what a comparable professional would be making outside of the store.
Not the best at motivating those with goals outside of working in retail, however that is to be expected. While it is a "retail revolution" it cannot escape the fact that it is, indeed, retail. The downsides are thus everything typical of any other retail job.
opportunities to advance upward are limited, due to the large amount of people here
The fact that there is no over time, and that there are obvious favorites chosen by the management team. Inadequate training opportunities, sometimes a little too laid back, elder employees are allowed to slack off more than new employees which have higher expectations.
Lack of process in certain areas, high pressure environment, long hours. All offset by the best reasons to work for Apple. Some areas of the business don't feel world class in terms of operations, feel sometimes like we are still operating as we did when we were a MUCH smaller company in the late 80's or early 90's.
Some of the people are not nice. They're effective in what they do, but they're not nice. It's one thing to be no-nonsense, but in my opinion one can still be polite and professional about things. There's a lot of politics, too much for my taste. But that's not the real problem, the problem is they see it as, at worst, a neutral attribute, and, at best, a good feature, which is puzzling to me. The biggest problem is the lack of process. The work gets done, but it's extremely inefficient, and, as with politics, some people actually see this as a feature rather than a problem. People spend a lot of time doing things that, were good processes in place, would not even be necessary. While people are hard working and put in a lot of time, they don't stop and ask themselves if they're doing things the right way. In a way, they're "disciplined" in doing many of the wrong things. The result is they keep hiring people, and they get burned out. In the words of one manager, every project is like a "moon shot". They're proud of this, instead of seeing it as a problem. After 30 years, making products should not be anything like moon shots.
It makes me regret not having come here much earlier.
The compensation isn't as high as it is at some places.
At the Retail stores, as a tech, growth is minimal, albeit a unique and novel environment to occupy, the pay (which is competitive) is NOT worth the stress. To Apple's credit, the pay is actually fair but in my opinion, the demands put on the techs or Genii are not fair in comparison.
There is this overall 'secrecy' feel that is weird - and I think it permeates many many aspects of the company from engineering to marketing to sales - so you are often wondering if you are supposed to know something and not talk about it, etc. and it makes for a sometimes uncomfortable environment. Not all mangers are great (some are egomaniacs intent on self-promotion and 'kissing up' and/or micromangers) and if one of them is your boss, bummer for you. Work hours can be significant (its not an HP 9-5 type of place to work).
First level management is usually unqualified and just puppets to middle management. Usually not capable of asserting themselves when needed. Pay is average to below average compared to similar jobs with other companies. Moving up is difficult, but sideways is easy. Most people leave the company and then comeback for a promotion. Raises are mediocre when they happen, even when the company is beating records year after year and accumulating massed of wealth.
Job security is sometimes lacking. No pay raises are the rule of thumb - pay increase only comes with promotion or movement to another department or division. Some senior managers are disconnected from our jobs and unwilling to listen to feedback. Our goals can be inconsistent or sometimes unattainable. Layoffs happen without rhyme or reason even when the company is doing well.
Apple pays a low salary relative to the same job at other companies. Engineers work very long hours with very little to no reward. Weekend work is assumed for months at a time. Often the management takes no account for the engineering staff or time required to complete a project when picking a release date.
Doesn't seem like everyone is motivated to really bring great products and services to the marketplace. Everyone is okay with the status quo. Right now we've been focused on maintaining services at a bear minimum. No one is actively looking to move the needle and do something bold and creative. The product areas always are lagging the competition.
It is a completely dysfunctional organization with almost no memory of lessons learned. The products are very challenging to complete when given minimal time and subpar resources. If you're not in the iMac or iPhone groups, then count on being the last priority when it comes to resources.
can be very corporate, but depends on the store. Lots of pressure to sell certain goods/services, no comission
The scheduling is the worst, there is so many people working that its hard to get anything set and dated. I worked part time trying to just work one certain time a week or time and couldn't ever. I would love to have a set schedule but there is so many people working there. Other than that, the pay is great but the wait time for going full time is a little long.
People stay for too long and its hard to get a promotion in a saturated environment.
Less perks than anticipated. Granted, Google has raised the bar to near-impossible standards, but come on Apple, you could at least feed us a little bit!
At times, it was challenging to be part of something so great, but with little opportunity for advancement beyond the world of retail. Seems like the iPod represented the second-coming of Apple, but it also brought in Windows-users, and a realization (from above) that Apple could sell more if it lowered it's standards across the board.
They know you're addicted, and they'll work you to the bone. You'll get paid less, and you'll be underappreciated. If you're in a role that's traditionally underappreciated (e.g., system administration,) this can really wear on you. Everyone in the management chain is afraid of bringing bad news to Steve, so the reality of what makes it upstream is questionable sometimes. But then... it's Apple. You know it, and they know you know it, so they don't care.
no life outside of work. Communication sometimes can be tough. too many meetings.
Management frequently passes up talented employees for promotion. Store is frequently very, very busy so it's definitely not for the faint of heart. You need to be able to adapt in a quick-paced environment. Plus, customers who have problems are sometimes upset - it helps to have good people skills when dealing with customers who have problems.
Management has a tendency to use "cookie-cutter" catch phrases when attempting to motivate employees. Has a tendency to hire managers that have mostly retail experience. These managers take the best practices from other companies and attempt to implement these practices in a great organization.
You are expected to put in hours at the office.
Addiction to the culture makes considering working anywhere else nearly impossible.
The level of secrecy, while nothing compared to government secrets, is a huge impediment to getting work done. You aren't given the freedom to just go ask the most knowledgeable employee on a particular subject for advice if that employee has not be "disclosed" on a project.
Working for Apple as a Mac Genius can be extremely frustrating sometimes. As a genius you are expected to be an expert technician for every brand new product released. The problem is you don't have any prior info about these new products until the day they are released. Many, many times customers know more about brand new products than you do since you are forbidden to read rumor sites or speculate about new products. Customers think you are lying when they ask you a question about when a new product is going to be released and you tell them you don't know.  Most management is from either Starbucks, Gap, Pottery Barn, etc. They mostly are great with people but don't know the 1st thing about the service business but are assigned to supervise over the entire operation. So imagine a 22 year old, fresh off the floor from Holister, walking in and giving you advice about the workflow and techniques in the repair room you have b een working in for 3 years. Management styles vary greatly store by store and can be really stifling sometimes. I have heard some stores will not allow employees to wear jeans. NOTE: CEO wears jeans every day. Many managers get on a power trip and can really just be assholes for no reason. Management at the store I worked for were very sneaky and would occasionally lie to your face about something just to see how you will respond.  Pay is much less than it should be for the amount of responsibility entailed with the job.
One of the downsides of working for apple is that you never get any information before the public. I can understand why, but it can still be frustrating not to know.
The workload is intense. Very high expectations. Long hours.
Some sacrifices in terms of time and must work hard to advance.
Apple is very compartmentalized and this secrecy affects and sometimes hurts Apple and the employees who work in different engineering areas of the company. You're not going to get filthy rich working at Apple on stock or options, but will get reasonably compensated.
In larger locations, you can get lost in the shuffle, unless you make your presence known. I've seen some people get passed over, and some managers lead them to believe they will advance. Very competitive, if you've got what it takes, you can move up quickly.
nothing much. Things have been good
Too much time required at work, no clear path for advancement. Advancement is slow, and customrer interaction can be onerous. Even though a retail job requires a smiling face, Apple neds to provide some better training for dealing with stupid customers.
The major downside is that the salary is low compared to my peers whom I graduated with, who now work at other companies. Bonuses are on an ad hoc basis and also usually less than what my peers get. The benefits are not good either, in terms of health care and vacation time, etc. The stock purchase plan, and sometimes stock options, are nice, and the stock has really gone up, but that doesn't make up for everything else. Another negative aspect of working at Apple is that communication with the outside is very limited. We don't have any blogs or anything like that(aside from Surfin' Safari), and generally nobody outside of Apple knows who works on what. The engineers are sort of a faceless mass.
Often unrealistic project schedules lead to semi-permanent crunch mode. Unproductive employees can carve out a niche and stick around way too long without contributing- this leeches from morale. Caffe Macs is largely mediocre, although it has seen some improvements as of late. Compensation and bonuses are uninspiring because they know you don't want to work anywhere else, which is understandable but still unfortunate.
The workload is incredible high.
Poor pay working for in a retail store at this level of service I provide. No real future within the retail network at Apple.
very busy place to be. you dont want to be any where around there if you are afraid of people. they will be all up in your biz-ness and such, but it is cool. the brand is getting better and this comes with the area.
You get treated like crap.  "SWEATSHOP!!! YOU HAVE A FAMILY? YOU WON'T NOTICE IT" The schedule during the iPod release was working from 10am to 3am every single day of the week for 3 months (Wife was furious). You may think that they would compensate with a nice fat BONUS for doing SO much work, but think again. We received roughly 5% of our salary as a bonus for the year. If you count your salary per hour, it's not pretty. Expect to do a LOT of overtime with little compensation for it.  "YEARLY RAISES = INFLATION" The yearly raises are such that the managers get 4% of the employee's salaries as a raise. They are then free to distribute the money however they feel like. So on average, people tend to get ~4% increase/year (this isn't necessarily bad, but it's also not necessarily good).  "IT'S A ONE MAN SHOW" It's ALL about Steve. He dictates everything from the corporate vision down to the position of the pixels. Although it's a great thing to have him there. Don't expect that your ideas will really make any headway into the products. You're more of monkey than a thinker (and that's a good thing for Apple as an investor, but a really bad thing as an employee).  "VACATION TIME? WE'LL THINK ABOUT IT" You really have to plan around Apple when you take vacation. Forget about taking anything longer than 2.5 weeks straight. They simply can't have you outside of Apple for that long even if you do have the time off. Every year, Apple has this plan where you can cash in 1 day of vacation if you take one day of vacation. ie: -2 days of vacations, you get paid for one day on your paycheck. A lot of people end up taking a day off (although still working on that day) only because they would otherwise have too many hours (it's just that hard to get vacation there). If the product is about to launch in a couple of months, don't even bother taking time off.
Tough to get time off around holidays and keynotes, but heck that's retail everywhere. At least the employees you work with are generally a fun group and you're all in the same boat. Managers try very hard to be fair. It's hard sometimes to deal with all the secrecy, but well-worth it when it generates excitement at launches.
The hours you likely work.
It's a secret. I can't tell you. Also slightly lower pay relative to other high tech companies. Benefits are average. Main campus is overcrowded and a tourist attraction. Hiring has skyrocketed and kinda makes you think about the quality of those being hired (no evidence, just makes one think about it).
its a small company, things can be annoyingly secret.
Lack of good advancement paths from the retail store to higher opportunities in the company. Lots and lots of talented individuals already work for the company, but getting to a better job is not an option for most. Pay is lower than comparable jobs outside the company.
Limited career advancement possibilities for a Mac Genius. Advancement path is to Lead Genius. Beyond that management is the only opening which is not a logical direction to pursue. Crossover from Retail to Corporate is notoriously difficult and likely requires re-locating. Low salaries compared to the rest of the industry.
If you're a hard worker you'll quickly find yourself giving more to the company than to your life outside of work. The compensation should not be your primary driver if you are below Director level. Also, given the organization is fairly flat, titles should not be the only motivator, especially if you are a Director or VP at another organization.
I would say that there are two. The first is that the work/life balance really *can* suck. Part of this is an individual employee's responsibility -- you need to fend for yourself and unplug when you can. Part of it, however, is a culture of workaholics and burning out.  The other downside is the top-heavy management and proliferation of needless meetings and email. It's a drag on everyone's time and a constant annoyance.
Slightly older demographic, Low churn rate can make it hard to rise quickly. Most large scale design and strategy decisions are left entirely out of the hands of engineers, which can be frustrating. Aggressive culture can be off-putting to some. Work-life balance can get out of whack after high profile deadlines.
Pricey to live at corp. HQ in cupertino
People are working very long hours at Apple, especially in crucial projects where delays are simply not acceptable. It's a job to live for, and if you're not willing to do that, you're probably not going to have a great time at Apple. Raising a family while working at Apple is a hard thing, and I'd recommend anyone thinking about it to either have a partner that is not working, or getting some help taking care of your kids. Also, the compensation isn't great. The AAPL rally lately have compensated for that, but that won't last forever. But Apple management knows they can get away with paying lower salaries because of the hype surrounding the company.
Compensation is well below industry standard. No stock options unless you're management level or greater. Profit sharing is apparently non-existent. Even though the company is doing well, you don't get to take some of that success home with you. If you're not directly working on a major product, it's very easy to feel unappreciated.
Occasional politics. Big drain on your time, hard to balance work and life.
With the growth of Apple Retail, Apple, like most retail companies, wants to hire hundreds of employees all at low part-time hours. That way, they can filter turnover easily while not extending valuable benefits to all or most of its employees.
There are alot of people who work their and it is difficult to get face time with management sometimes.
long hours, lots is expected of you, and what you do must be perfect. that is the standard, which is a double-edged sword.
While having a large amount of autonomy to direct what you are working on, sometimes it would be nice to have someone make those decisions for you. It's a company for high-flyers who like to swim in the deep-end...and while that's invigorating sometimes...it sometimes makes you feel exhausted.  There are no traditional corporate concepts like years-served-seniority etc. which means equal & small severance regardless of your years at the company. This is a bit stressful because in the event of being laid off, you won't be able to find something that matches the culture and enjoyment.  There's virtually no way to get to the upper management jobs without being a rockstar in some capacity and usually, once you are in the corporation, you aren't as desirable as outsiders. But at the same time, the people they bring in are actually damn talented and the day Apple starts hiring within to be "nice" to their old employees is the day we should worry. It would be nice if there better programs for "grooming" people who want to be rockstars because I feel that with a little bit of guidance, some would be stellar. In reality though, every is too busy to mentor/groom others...it's a fast moving belt that you have to jump on at full-speed. I can see both sides.  The bar is high and some of us weren't born with the talent to be above where we are. We could be rockstars at smaller companies (which might be the proper career path) but the prospect of working with morons (or on a PC) isn't desirable. It's sometimes like being married to a rich and attractive, yet abusive husband.
they work you like a dog. If you aren't the smartest person you know or willing to learn everything you need to know with no regard to how this affects your life, you won't move ahead.
Pay was not great, and raises were small and spread far apart. If you work at a small retail store, opportunities for advancement are not great. Slow stores are not very exciting to work in. Unless you want to be a manager, there are not great opportunities for large pay or salary, that I'm aware off, minus going to work at corporate, which was pretty much everyone's dream. Retail seemed like a small offshoot of corporate and a gateway for many of my fellow employees. Focus on sales and metrics was not very fun for workers who were more technically or creatively gifted, but unfortunately the metrics drove too much of the job.
busy, busy, busy, loud, chaotic, crowded, claustrophobic, screaming customers, crying customers.
My work/life balance could be considerably better. Since I'm working on their website, and we have fairly frequent releases, I feel like I'm constantly putting out fires. As a result, the job can be very stressful. Some of the people that I work with are up-tight, so this also adds to the stress.
Lack of care for work/life balance, lack of process, management will bow to Steve Job's every whim. If you're going to work on a 'hot product' be ready to leave your life at the door and know you are expected to drop your life for Steve Jobs.
the process of getting to the final product is gruelling and inefficient. Lots of politics leading to strange partnerships and promotions based not on quality but on starstruck management caving to external parties.not paid as well as other companies in Silicon Valley, with long hours, never really being "off" work, strange management hierarchy… iTunes in particular seems to be chaotic and suffers from a noticeable lack of competent management on the upper levels, with a lot of grandfathering-in of people with no music industry background and promotions seemingly based solely on seniority and random luck.
Long working hours, working like a dog at times
Career path will be limited if you are not working in Cupertino
Benefits good, but not as good as they could be. The product secrecy gets to some people. Insufficient stock compensation for lower-grade employees.
Lean staffing means there's usually no backup. Heard many stories of senior folks who were burning out but there was no one to take over for them. The "crunch time" for OS development could be long, with folks eating dinner on campus for multiple months straight.
Hard work, lots of pressure. You really can't sit back and coast, because everyone here is driven. Because of company secrecy, you often won't even know what you coworker is working on. Some people might find this kind of environment hard to work in. Many people I know have issues getting time off because of the breakneck speed. Some of our benefits are not as good as other companies -- for example no free lunches, and United Healthcare and Kaiser don't make me feel warm and fuzzy. This is a fairly lame complaint however, the coverage is still better than 90% of the companies I have worked for.
While we earn one sick day per month, we are not always able to use it. This is only in my department however, where attendance is key. I have co-workers who have over 100 sick hours saved, but have accepted that they will never get to use them. Many come to work sick. If four days are missed in a six month period, you get marked up. It can also be difficult to schedule vacation - you can only request it six months in advance, however you might be denied for reasons they can't give you, even if you do ask off far ahead of time. Lastly, upper management are slow to get things taken care of - it can take months to get something business critical fixed, and our department is often stretched too thin.
Work-life balance is non-existent. You must give your all for the company. Many people end up divorced when working at Apple. Want a vacation? Sorry, not now. Not ever. Apple thinks of employees as "disposable". They burn people out, and discard their empty shells.
The secrecy is what makes Apple work. But at the same time it means that you often have no idea what's coming around the corner, even for products you're working on. Apple also doesn't care about developing young talent, so if you're looking to be coddled or given any type of structure, this is not the place for you.
The management can be messy, and unorganized. Many times, managers will talk about something, with a sense of urgency and importance, but that frequently doesn't happen. Many times managers will not follow through with what tey want to do in the store, and have horrible communication. Many days, two or three managers will all give me day long tasks, not realizing the other already has.
Apple corporate memory is very spotty at best strewn across emails and bug reports and the occassional standalone blog. It is very difficult to come up to speed. Information is also highly restricted by project rather than cross-functional which makes work difficult and design from foresight very difficult. Every part of the entire software stack is modified at once throughout a new OS product / version cycle including dev tools. QA is much, much too sparse and Apple depends on all devs eating the dog food while trying to meet their own very aggressive schedules. In the groups I experienced their is very little real design except in the heads of individual engineers. Their software stack sucks. Objective C is archaic and long of tooth as a dev environment. Every developer regardless of seniority and experience is expected to sling fixed bugs (radars) at a certain rate to be seen as worth keeping around. Everyone has to prove they are a good Apple drone before they can do anything creative. And/or they have to work nights and weekends (if they don't already have to to even keep up) to do something that gets them beyond drone mode and have some measure of control over their time and destiny. The people that make it seem to all work 60 hours or more a week.
micro management, unrealistic schedule.. push everyone to the limits
Pay, secrecy, commute from San Francisco, perks.
On a bad day, you may get yelled at by several different customers, even while you are trying to get them everything they want.
Engineers are overworked! Please hire more!
Sometimes you can end up working long hours, and it can be difficult to move up from within the company.
We work very hard, all year long.
Over abundance of secrecy at all levels of the company.
no work life balance here
Management can be personality driven and chaotic. Practically zero support for career development - basically sink or swim. Too much churn and burn mentality with regards to staff retention.
work hours can last too long
Always busy, not really any room for improvement. You always have stupid people coming into the store that think they know what they are talking about because they read it on some discussion board or they know someone who is a 'computer expert' and then they try to stump the Geniuses.
Long hours are certainly a downside if you have a family, but at least the hours are flexible. The offices are not as colorful as Google's, but feel more natural and less forced-cute.
Too hush-hush...everything's on a need-to-know basis, makes learning and being resourceful difficult. Buildings are not linked together and makes getting around a bit difficult.
Apple expects a lot from it's employees, often more than competing firms do. The demands can be tough to meet, but are rarely outside the scope of what you are able to accomplish. The biggest problem is that the company is very compartmentalized for privacy reasons and this can be very isolating, especially since you usually can't talk about what you are working on with anyone.
Company does not encourage innovation from within. If the idea doesn't come from Steve Jobs, it's not worth looking in to.  Vacation is WEAK. Start with 12 days of time off, with a week shutdown at Christmas. You must be there for three years before you begin to accrue 15 days of vacation a year.  For a company that is basically printing money in Cupertino and making a ton of profit, the fact that there is no profit sharing is a very glaring flaw.
I can't think of a single one.
High pressure situations, disconnected management, never knowing what projects might be real or which might be a waste of everyone's time. Lots of extra hours with low or no compensation. Possibility of getting pigeonholed into pretty specific functional areas that you'll grow to despise.
None. I enjoy it and the products rock
They work you like a dog and for the vast majority of the employees, management has the mindset that you can easily be replaced.
lack of good leadership in Marketing (product marketing, corporate communication and marcom). People never get credit or praise. Plus, everyone is drinking the Kool-Aid
Working for the AppleCare division, upper management did not treat people like people, but numbers. It was all about numbers, never human beings, whether it be the employee or the customer on the other end of the phone. When you treat technical support agents like humans, who can be taught and deserve respect, that will be reflected in the way they treat customers. Working for AppleCare does not leave much room for advancement in the way of career moves. They don't offer much mobility within AppleCare, nor within Apple itself. Apparently unless you are an engineer with 3 PhDs, you are completely expendable.
Apple is extremely penny-wise and pound-foolish, which is not uncommon at many companies, but in particular, they are ridiculously stingy at providing adequate hardware for engineers. It's sad because we make the hardware. Many people have 3rd party CRTs and LCDs because they can't get Apple LCD monitors. Many hours are wasted when every engineer should have at least one loaded top-of-the-line Mac Pro to build and debug as quickly as possible.  Apple also only rewards it very top people for the successes of the last 7 years. Even employees that get exceptional reviews get raises that are barely more than cost-of-living (5% is considered a large raise and same goes for bonuses). Many engineers are hired with no stock options and few are ever given out after that. Long-time employees made great sacrifices during the lean years, giving up benefits on an almost yearly basis. Now that Apple is successful, none of those benefits have been restored, although lately there has been a renewed emphasis on adding some new benefits, so perhaps they are finally seeing the light (or the increased attrition of late).  Compensation is average for the industry (they will even tell you this is their goal), which is sad given they should be trying to attract the best and brightest and allowing them to share in the successes they create. At the same time, senior managment (deservedly so!) gets 50-100% bonuses every year and millions of shares in stock. It wouldn't kill them to hand out a few hundred options a year to highly performing individuals.
It's exhausting and leaves one prone to burnout. There is a start-up culture in a what is now a large corporation, and that can become tiresome, if you know that you have no chance of vesting shares at an IPO.
Apple is hyper-secretive, which is both frustrating in principle and make it difficult to do your job. (1) A lot of wheels get reinvented every week. (2) The feeling that you (as an engineer) aren't trusted *really* bothers me. Besides, all the leaks come from marketing and ops anyway.
As above, there is extremely little R&D, if that is your interest. Also from above, every part of the company makes a profit *including the cafeteria*. This is not a company likely to get a free menu (like at several other Silicon Valley companies). Additionally, the culture of overwork pervades Apple as it does many Bay Area technology companies. I have many friends there that can not be relied on to be available on weekends. Lastly, Cupertino is not a particularly fun place to spend time. It's by far the most suburban and sprawl-y of the cities and towns in the Valley.
Low pay for how extremely picky they are about hiring people. They expect you to be ok with anything since, after all, you are so lucky to have this job!....even though the pay is relatively low, you only work part time, have no benefits as such, and have to know most everything about the Mac. I would lost my part-time job with Apple if I got a full time job to supplement because they want to schedule me whenever they want regardless of having requested off or having limited availability. Yes, they will schedule you for shifts during hours you are not available after they said they would not. Then you get written up if you can't find someone to cover for you.
Seriously underpaid, not much room for advancement, very few full-time opportunities, lack of management support, insane secrecy/paranoia, pathetic salary (it's so bad it was worth mentioning twice!). Salary info was accidentally posted on iCommunicate a while back (taken down within an hour or so) and I was shocked to see the huge difference in salary between management and the genius staff. The specialists didn't make much above minimum wage. The lack of training is surprising as well. We have to access ASTO (Apple Sales Training Online) from home, off the clock, to get new information about products. Management does not give us time to do it at work.
Apple is run on a very tight budget, so there are a lot of things that Apple doesn't do that other employer might. For instance, charitable contribution matching no longer exists. There are a few areas like that that would really improve the overall atmosphere.
Work too hard. Little financial incentives.
Parts of the company are disorganized and management is not very respectful of people.
It's a big place, and there are sometimes inefficiencies due to the number of people involved with a project. There is a significant amount of politics involved with promotions and a significant amount of empire-building, with teams growing unnecessarily to bolster the team managements' prestige. Projects that are not visible to upper management suffer from quality problems typical of any organization, but everyone is very confident about the superiority of their work regardless of their actual performance and the actual quality of what they produce. Arrogance is rampant and encouraged by management and the corporate culture.
It can be highly stressful and unpredictable.
Limited growth, and again you begin to feel like just another number in the system.
While they're not necessarily stingy with hours, they could certainly to with opening up more full time positions. It's very difficult to concentrate on doing your job when you don't feel valued enough to be given a full time slot. The promotion system is a little convoluted, as well. The interview is informal, especially when they've already decided on who they'll be promoting. It almost seems as though they interview the other so-called candidates just for show. The people who truly do deserve the full time positions aren't the ones who receive them - it seems that the ones who get them are the ones who made "friends" so that they'd get it, with or without an interview.
Benefits package could provide more assistance to the employee
no work life balance and tremendous amount of travel in certain positions
Sometimes long hours are expected but when you are doing what you love I don't find it to be an issue.
The logistics group that I am with is down right the worst. Not only the managers (regardless at what level) are incompetent. Most of the team members are also incompetent. They are just getting by. There are some dead weight, but the management team is too incompetent to get an action out of these people. Too much backstabbing. No team work. People that you work with will "throw you under the bus" whenever they can. You get punished by your manager for not participating screwing other team. There is no feedback on your performance. Just punishments. You learn very quickly not to trust anyone. If you are dealing with the group in Cupertino, you better know how to kiss up because the big guy is the GOD and he is the only one in this world knows logistics.
Sweatshop through and through. They like to keep teams very lean, the hiring process is so gruelling that few make it through. This makes for very long days, usually 12-14 hours. Very confrontational interactions between teams, by this I mean the normally collaborative atmosphere between teams is more like in-laws fighting at Christmas. Traveling to China 6+ times a year.
The downsides of working at Apple are that you are tight-lipped about just about everything. That's not the worst part. As a Mac Specialist, I looked for either a promotion to Full Time or Genius, and after being there for over one year, got looked over. I think it's more of a popularity contest than anything. Management doesn't look for who can complete the job well in terms of technical abilities, but who can make it look the best. The thing is that the qualifications don't mean anything to management and I hope that they see that it is a problem and fix it before they lose valuable candidates for certain positions.
It is a big company and at the end of the day you're nobody. A hard core conservative Republican or other similarly conservative types might not feel very at home in a place like this. It is a rainbow of fruit flavors at Apple.
If you like working on exciting, innovative products and you don't mind doing it for free — and you're happy with crappy food and horrible hours — you'll love Apple. Oh, make sure you're under 27 and a guy. As John Rubinstein (a former VP) once said, "Alwyas hire them right out of college. They're cheap, you can feed them pizza, and when they burn we kick 'em out."  Apple consistently underpays relative to other major players in the industry. To be fair, they say the salaries are "competitive". Sure, they compete, they just never win.
The biggest problem comes if you're not in a group that is contributing directly to current projects. If you don't have the visibility, if your group is in some more pedestrian area like support or fulfillment, you won't get your share of resources or headcount. If you're not located on the Loop, and you're not turning out new product, be prepared to be an afterthought in the mind of the company at large. It's also extraordinarily difficult to move around within the organization, it almost seems easier to leave and come back than to apply internally for new positions in other groups.
I think the company needs to improve part-time employee benefits. Also, my particular store manager tends to base promotions on her personal feelings toward the employees, which leads to very biased decisions. I think there should be a more uniform manner of applying for higher positions.
No personal Life. Very poor benefits. If you manage to compensate those poor benefits initially in your package. then its good. Other wise it sucks big time.
Working IT in Apple is much like working as a member of the janitorial staff in the basement of a really cool club. Very rarely do you ever get to surface and get a taste of the good life. It's lots of hard work, and they do definitely get away with paying less for employees than other B.A. companies... at least in IT. But ultimately I was proud to work for a place that creates such kewl products.
A lot of pressure from management to work long hours and to sacrifice family life. There is a lack of understand for having a home life. Steve Jobs is one of the most controlling individuals and that attitude permeates the organization. He is hot tempered and you don't want to be in a room when he's looking for someone to blame.
Coperate vs. retail completely different. The culture in retail is great as long as your ok being the best in retail. If you want to be the best in the country find something only you can give to the company until then you trading time for dollars in retail.
It can be a bit overwhelming sometimes and a bit hectic, but it comes with the territory and can be rewarding for the most part.
Well one of the downsides to my position as a Technician is dealing with some of the unruly customers and getting paid less than I should for the amount of "internal jobs" that I have to do. Be it customer support, repairing things, being extra nice and letting people get what they want because they curse and yell. It's stressful as hell, but I guess that's what you get when you work for one of the largest computer companies in the world mixed with people paying way too much for a computer they don't know how to use properly. Another downside is the lack of allowed overtime, I'd really appreciate that, considering that it costs a lot to live on your own these days.
Nothing. Always positive to work in such a wonderful environment.
Salaries are not as competitive as it should be.
All work and no play makes great Apple technology.
Lack of reporting systems and processes. More structure to drive the business and increased need for business continuity.
People wanting to know when the new iphone/ cpu will be out/ every 1 out of every 100 customers will be bitchy, but other than that, enriching peoples lives everyday and helping people with the tools that they need to accomplish amazing feats always feels good. INFORMATION. Knowing all of the stats of everything, how much memory, how much ram, whats applecare? Whats 1-to-1? needing to know the ins and outs of everything is tough, but its worth it. And learning all of the job titles and the roles of the store are kind of hard, but when you know the way that it works better, it helps you do your job much more efficiently.
The work pace is always fast and furious.
Long hours, no life outside of work.
With the open policies, Apple does not prohibit Managers from going out and even dating employees or rather the particular store Saddle Creek Memphis does not prohibit employees from hanging out with managers. This results in managers playing favorites. Also Apple employees are not allowed to know about new products which result in angry customers.
Politics, managers who do not manage, changing of managers frequently
There's a decided lack of creative freedom, very little room for advancement, and atrociously bad management. Only certain people are allowed to have ideas, and many of us who were hired because of our creative background have to stifle our experience and just do what we're told. It also has the worst management I've ever experienced. I had 5 different managers in 18 months and not one of them every held a one-on-one with me. Even when I requested time with a new manager, they were too busy impressing their own manager to deal with the people who reported to them. It's sad to see so many great ideas never get off the ground because the people who came up with them weren't "important" enough. Plus there's this huge "high school clique" mentality of the cool kids vs. everyone else. If you aren't one of the cool kids, you don't get to work on the interesting projects, get noticed my management, or have any chance to prove what you can do.
Management burns through employees with no regard to their long-term value—many management decisions seem to be based upon how long the employees involved will put up with the demands placed on them.  Depending on your exact job and how little time is left in the product cycle, vacation time and even weekends are privileges that you may not be given the opportunity to afford. If WWDC is rescheduled at the last minute, for example, hundreds of engineers will be asked to change their vacations, even if they've already made plans (and paid for tickets).  At the end of a cycle, a $20 bottle of wine or a $50 iPod shuffle reflect the gratitude you'll receive, and the value of your work to your management. It is against Apple policy for your name to be recognized externally, only Steve Jobs' name, or the names of those he picks to introduce them, can be associated with a product release.  At least one division was giving less than 3% in average yearly salary increases to critical senior engineers, while the company's profits soared. And if you're a manager, it's not discouraged for you to go several years without accepting a raise, just so you can use the budget savings for your staff's salaries.  It's a well-known secret that the best way to get a large raise and promotion at Apple is to leave and be hired back a few years later into the new position.
There has been a consensus for a long time, even its among top engineers, that Apple does not tend to promote people or compensate them fairly. Have you ever seen Apple on the Forbes 100 Best Places to Work?' Enough said. You will be just a number to them if you decide to join their ranks. The focus is purely on product and the bottom line, which of course is no surprise in the corporate world. But if you're a corporate hooch, I guess you won't mind that. 'Think Different!' Ahem. And here's some juicy gossip: Steve is afraid of donuts! How do I know? Because he banned them, along with balloons from Macs cafe. He also has a fear of buttons. Origin of this phobia - unknown. But here is what you should be afraid of my friends, the tendency that Apple and just about every company these days has to keep Permatemps. You may want to board the Mother Ship so badly it hurts, but take my advice and do it the regular way, through the Apple hiring process. Don't go through an 'agency.' Basically they are in the business of laundering...people. These are shady operations that are not even real companies and are in cahoots with Apple to deny you benefits or any basic rights, all while forcing you to do the same work and keep exactly the same hours as employees. For what? Surely not for your benefit.
There are an unusually high number of individuals at Apple (both management and individual contributors, at various levels), who would clearly NOT be successful at any other company or period of time. But that's not the problem. The problem is that many of those individuals genuinely believe in their own talent, capabilities, and accomplishments and make ridiculous decisions based off these fundamental dillusions.  Bozo cancer has also reached Stage III levels.
Secrets. If you let something out of the bag, you could be gone the next day
There are no downsides, really.
No benefits if you work under 30 hours a week.
Retail salaries means quick turnover for the strongest workers
Working in apple retail is time consuming, and it is often challenging to balance personal time and work requirements. This is mostly because there are too few stores in many area's, and an always growing amount of customers. Christmas season and back to school shopping are some of the busiest times of the year, as well as whenever there is a new apple product on the shelf. Sometimes the management had slightly unrealistic idea's about the extent to which Apple employee's could commit themselves to their job. As a student as well as an employee I have had to choose between work or school, and at the end of the day pressure for the management wanted me to choose work instead.
Its too bad the retail management is absolutely terrible. When I was in training to become a Mac Genius, our trainer referred to them as turning Apple into "Gapple" because so much management had such little knowledge about computers and came from retail environments. Our store manager was a college dropout (albeit from Stanford) who originally came from Starbucks and had never been a manager before. Two of our assistant managers also came from Starbucks, and one came from Wal-Mart. Our Senior Assistant manager encouraged a young employee that college was "pointless" and she should drop out to become a creative. The retail job used to be very different with much better benefits, but sadly has now turned into just another mall jobs, just prettier on the outside than others. Benefits were slowly stripped, from turning a quarterly bonus into a ~$.75 raise for everyone, to the removal of the "free iPod" for every employee plan, to just making the job seem less like working for a cool company that cared about you and well, just another job.
The pay does not match the level of work that is asked of you. The stores are understaffed. There is minimal support from the management. The pay is horrible so the people that work there are horrible also. The customers are frequently nasty to employees (mostly because of the chaos of the store and the lack of staff) The Mac Genius position is a dead end.
The downside with working at a retail store for Apple are the same downsides in any retail environment: employees must inevitably deal with down time on the nice weather days, endure the unreasonable and selfish customer issues, and start low on the totem poll in terms of wages. Aside from the normal retail items, one must be comfortable with being referred to as a member of the Apple "cult." This is a common statement from many people who aren't involved in the company. Additionally, one must be comfortable with secrecy and a lack of communication from Apple corporate - all new inventions, upgrades, shipment information, changes in staffing, etc. is kept incredibly secret (ie: very often don't have any information on a new product until it arrives at the door 10 minutes before the store opens.)
Management can be a pain sometimes. Most of them don't even know about the products, I am amazed about that. The worst thing I can say about apple is about their unfair attendance. You can be fired just for showing up a little late. Sure they give you 3 days you can call out, but if there is an emergency, it doesn't matter. So many people have been fired from there, and most of it was from the attendance policy. If I am very sick, I have to suck it up and go to work with a fever. Other than that it would be great.
The job can be quite rewarding, but I do find that many employees are having difficult balancing work time and other time. I myself have been in a few situations where the calendar for my work-schedule overrides my life schedule, and that shouldn't happen. Some employees often look towards others to share shifts, but everything usually works out in the end.
While there really aren't many, I think Apple needs to do a little better of a job distributing work hours among its employees and be a little more lenient when it comes to college students because unexpected events always come up. It was always tough to get hours and they kept hiring people so it felt like they were just giving hours away to new people. Also, scheduling was a bit off in the way that they usually always schedule to you have the least amount for lunch and break as possible. For instance, at 6 hours you have to take a 30 minute lunch break, so they will schedule (managers, not Apple itself) most people to work 5 hours and a half or 5 hours and forty-five minutes to avoid that.
very high profile, high expectations from customers
There is not enough training on products and procedures. Often because of low staffing and high retail turnover, new employees are thrown out on the floor to fend for themselves. There is also too much dependency on management, which make employees and customers have to wait longer than they should. There is also too much focus on metrics (add-ons of the extended warranty, .mac, etc) that it doesn't matter how much you sell, just your percentage of the metrics that matter. This leads to some employees cheating by giving credit for sales that didn't meet any metrics to house instead of their own name. There is also not enough promotion from within, which leads to disgruntled employees. The high amount of work and stress I have to put up with on a regular basis doesn't not match the petty wage I make.
managers promoted without proper training
secrecy and visibility to the company is causing not-so-friendly environment
Employees are nothing but pawns to the management and only used to generate profits with no regard to their needs.
It is essentially a dictatorship, and not a benevolent one. At the exec level, the leadership style is unequivocally domineering and unforgiving -- driven by fear of Steve. And many of them are just plain mean. Lower-level managers have very little control, they may be nice, but they're often irrelevant.
The pay is slightly below what other technology groups are paying, but the benefit of having job security makes up for that. Sometimes I wish that we had the free meals like Google and that we could spend so many hours a week working on our own 'pet' projects, but I can totally understand Apple's reasoning against such thought. The secrecy thing is also kind of a downside. Unless you're directly involved in an upcoming product, you know nothing until the absolute last moment. This can make things really difficult when it comes to working on related products. It also leaves a lot of us feeling as though we can't be trusted.
The only downside is the occasional customer who makes life difficult by making a scene, but the management quickly and calmly helps the customer cool down, and helps everytime.
Depending on which store you land in, you may have to fight for justifiable pay. The smaller market stores have a tendency to operate on sales to win the attention of corporate. They focus solely on numbers and not so much the concepts and ideas of Apple. They serve out the Kool Aid and it's not bad but it's certainly not the same Kool Aid larger market stores are serving up to their staff. Beware of smaller stores.
The pay isn't that great. I haven't worked their for a year now, but I was only getting 11 dollars an hour. I guess that isn't so bad considering i was 18 and 19 years old when I worked there. Sometimes you feel that you don't get compensated justly because your on an hourly wage. I would routinely outperform other mac specialist in terms of sales volume each day, but still would get the same hourly rate. There should be some kind of commission reimbursement to compensate those that sell more. Also the managers could sometimes over look your individual performance and only concentrate on sore performance.
The downside of Apple Retail is that it's not really "Apple," the innovative computer and consumer electronics company. It's the same DNA, which can be frustrating for those who are really passionate about Apple and want to advance within the company. It's much easier to advance in Apple Corporate than from Apple Retail to Apple Corporate, although opportunities do exist. The other downside for working at Apple is once you've worked for Apple, the culture at other companies can seem rather uninspiring.
retail hours suck but the management has an easy and responsive system in place to help scheduling conflicts.
The downside to working at Apple? Everyone wants you to fix their iPod! But seriously, There is one thing that I think really could use improvement, which is providing scheduled time to study material on iLearn or the the Grown Your Own programs. I am in the Grow Your Own Creative program and I find it very difficult to find time to study the GYO material while I am scheduled to work in the store. When I am on the clock I am supposed to be on the floor working with customers. Things are rarely slow enough to leave the floor to study in Back of House for more than a few minutes. We are not supposed to review study materials on our lunch break because we are not on the clock and should not be engaged in any work related activity. It's a bit of a catch-22. Btw, when I say that we should have scheduled study time, I'm thinking of maybe an hour a week. Nothing extreme.
While there are a lot of positions open for career development, it is too hard of a goal to achieve if you don't fall into the "hipster" category of people in order to be considered. Tattoos, unnaturally colored hair, hippie clothes, and a penchant for reading comic books and playing Dungeons and Dragons puts you in contention for higher positions in the store over virtues like positive attitude, good conduct, hard work, and reliability. There have been instances I've seen where people have been promoted because they had the right "look" rather than the right attitude for the job. It really makes you dissatisfied with your work experience when a company that will literally do anything for their customers do so little for their employees.
One of the downsides of working at Apple is that at times many people feel like they're being pressured to sell certain things. The fact is, Apple is only trying to make sure every customer gets the most out of the product. They encourage us to ask lots and lots of questions to find out what the customer's needs are. Our job is to let others know of the different services available to them. If the customer finds that service useful, then they can use it. Other employees feel like they are pushing people to buy stuff when they mention the services because they are not asking the right questions. If I know a customer has been a Mac user for a number of years, then there might be some things I leave out that wouldn't really pertain to their needs. If you make it a habit of talking to all your customers and mentioning everything, then the metrics take care of themselves. I used to think it wasn't true, but it really is. That's how I got about three raises in less than 2 years. The only other thing I don't like about Apple is the fact that starting in November (around Thanksgiving), requesting time off is strongly discouraged until after January (because of Macworld). I understand they need people to be selling and that they holidays are coming up, but we do have family and friends we like to spend time with. A weekend off during the holiday season will not hurt anybody.
I don't believe metrics, although I do well, is an appropriate measure for me. I have trouble at times providing the complete solution when there simply are things customers don't need. I am confident as I relate to customers, I know if we are building a relationship with someone. In doing so, some things should be evolutionary, which is why I am such a big .Mac and one to one proponent. APP is a no brainer, but it is sometimes hard to position Pro Care.
Apple is a very exclusive company to work for and they know it. The pay isn't as high as one could get elsewhere, and sometimes minor infractions, like talking about a possible upcoming product launch, are enough to get you dismissed. Also, while my training, expertise, and career path lie with either repair of computers or education of users, I'm stuck in a sales job until a manager determines that I've met some benchmark that seems, at this time, to be completely arbitrary.
If your management team isn't competent or trusting, just like any job, it can become difficult. At Apple, there's a lot of self-motivation. Meaning, for things to work well, you need to be able to take initiative. However, if the manager seems like he or she might be a micro-manager, then it doesn't go as smoothly as it might at another Apple Retail Store. Another downside of working at an Apple Retail Store is that it is a great job and a lot of people want to work there. Unfortunately, with such popularity comes a few bad apples (no pun intended) who can ruin the fun for others. There's been a lot of recent limitations instituted against Mac Specialists and it takes away from the atmosphere of trust. My main recommendation to an interested Mac Specialist would be to check out how the other employees are doing to see if that exciting and fun atmosphere still exists.
Retail hours aren't for everyone, prepare for working 10 days in a row on occasion, and working most weekends as well. Get used to dealing with customers on at all levels of expertise, or lack thereof, you know nothing, get used to many heckling your job title as well. As a Mac Genius you're expected to know everything Apple, be able to fix everything instantaneously without even touching it, and make everything happen right here right now.
the career mobility, the hours at a call center are rough and there is not much flexibility. you have to plan your life around your work, pretty soon your life becomes your work and not much else. it can be draining at times and if you are not careful you can slip into that mundane routine without anyway out. the communication pathways to escalate up and down needed work. if management needed to do something it would take some time before it would go up the pipeline or something would come down it.
It is a sales job. We do not do "hard" sales, but your ultimate goal is still to sell the product. It is a very, very busy place. As a part time employee, my schedule varies a lot from one week to the next.
The schedules swap every 2 months, so you can't plan too much in advance, and sometimes you get phone skilled into departments you have some knowledge in, but not as much as you'd prefer to have when providing the customers support
the hours and the misinformed customers
Because of the small business mindset, and the decentralized nature of the decision making and product direction, Apple at times lacks the structure that other companies have set up. There are very few departments that are isolated from their customers - so the process and structure that each group attempts to establish can be heavily influenced or even ignored by those who need to use a back door method of getting work done. It is possible that project managers may pressure engineers or other staff to complete work faster than their managers agreed upon, where in larger companies this behavior would be frowned upon, or forbidden. Some structure is necessary to keep a happy medium, and at times Apple could use more structure.
Depending on the store, management can make your life HELL. All the customer accolades, positive co-worker relationships, job competence, product knowledge, and above-average goal/metric achievement in the world will mean SQUAT if someone in management dislikes you. There's no recourse when it's your word against theirs, and the Apple concept of "Fearless Feedback" is a complete joke when your supervisor's favorite phrases include "I'm not going to discuss that with you", "This isn't a conversation", and "I am not opening this to dialogue". That said, I also know that leadership teams at some stores take a much different approach with their staff, and as such, a much more pleasant, positive work experience is provided. It's difficult to communicate effectively as a part-timer, as there is a company-wide moratorium on external communications. This is especially problematic when changes are made to the schedule mid-week, and you're notified only by email that can only be accessed from within the store, and you're not due in before your newly-scheduled shift. This could potentially be solved with the implementation of a secure, password-protected employee website that would be accessible from anywhere, wherein an employee could be notified of schedule changes or other crucial information.
As part of their intensive training, there are a few mandatory meetings every month that could possibly conflict with time off. The retail store is a customer service job, so you do have to interact with customers. Most of them are happy and are thrilled to see the awesome products, but occasionally you'll get some really pissy customers who have just had their computer fried and think you're to blame. Working at the front as a greeter can be pretty stressful and hectic, which really wear an employee out after a few hours. There really aren't too many downsides to the job, I really do love working there.
There are not too many downsides. When inventory runs out on hot items (e.g. iPhones or Macbook Airs), explaining that they are out of stock or that other stocks don't have them is sometimes challenging to explain. Even when the weekend crowds get busy, it still is enjoyable because of the overall vibe and atmosphere of the store and the crowd. Everyone is excited about Apple and the new products.
Due to the secretive nature of the Company, employees sometimes won't know exactly what they are working on will be informed about a lot of important difficult work they have to do at the last possible minute they would need to be informed about it. The hands-off management style can lead sometimes lead to a lack of feedback. Becasue the attiude aroudn here is "do whatever it takes to get it done" thee can be a lack of work-life balance -- you can take whatever personal time you might need, but you still have to get stuff done on time.
Strickt policy handling, lack of communication amongst floor management, Biased floor managment.
There is always more work than time - it seems that Apple tends to run lean rather than risk having more employees than it needs. Because of that, demands can be higher, stress can be higher, and the average pay seems worth less compared to other market positions.
Really can't think of anything concrete... lots of change, but I like that! Some of our sales tools are arcane and difficult, but they are constantly being updated.
The atmosphere at Apple is never dull, and on days when most stores in the mall are dead, Apple is overflowing with people. This is great, but is often hard to keep up with, making for a challenging working atmosphere. The training process, though long, is at times not thorough enough, putting people on the floor to sell and answer questions who don't have a solid enough working knowledge of the product. Another huge downside is Apple's "closed-lip" policy about its product development. People expect us to know the latest scoop about what's coming out next or how something is changing, and it's frustrating that Apple works so hard to ensure that we're in fact the last ones to know. In those terms, the lines of communication are unsettling. Another disturbing thing to me is the fact that Mac Specialists are forced to compete in the "numbers" game with regards to the "attachments" that they sell with the computers. This is how the company determines an employee's worth.
The only time I felt there was a downside to working at Apple was when it came for a promotion. Granted, working at Apple means growth and moving up. However, I felt that there were several times that there was favoritism going on, as far as promotions. There have been a couple of instances were those being promoted were very close with management, and many felt that the promotion was more deserved to another employee who worked longer or harder. Another similar situation that has happened before would be when an employee is promised a certain promotion or is "next in line" for an opening position, and then it is given to someone else.
Apple's a popular place with plenty of skeptics and crazy "I want to know the inside story" fanatics. Like any retail job, you've got to deal with some pretty offbeat and belligerent customers every once in a while. A popular question is "So when is X coming out?" Sometimes you feel like a holder of secrets because you just can't give information to customers. Other times, prospective customers treat you as if you are on a commission (which Mac Specialists are not), and their attitudes and pursuit for cheaper prices are geared to put you on the defensive. Working with those customers isn't a whole lot of fun, but it is a good challenge. Once when I was finished working with a difficult customer for two hours straight, my manager took me for a walk and bought me some tea to get it off my mind.
In the end it is still retail. So, there are odd hours, working nights, weekends and holidays. A little bit of the retail "numbers" game creeps in as well, but not anything like the rest of the retail world.
The management is completely horrible! Like I said before, the managers used to be good, but now Apple is hiring anyone and everyone with retail experience, which completely goes against Apple's plan for their retail stores. Ron Johnson, head of Apple retail, originally designed the stores after luxury hotel chains in order to give quality service to its employees, but unfortunately, things have changed drastically. I was even told by my manager that we had to start hiring people who used Dells and owned an iPod because "we had exhausted all possible routes" to find other Mac users who would be interested in working in the retail stores. This was completely bogus because I know tons of people who use Macs and don't work at Apple.  The recent employees hired and the management are all wrong for Apple. My management even started distancing the true Mac users, like me, from working there. Despite my full time availability, I was only given about 10-16 hours per week right before I left. I was also told that other people would receive full time before me, even though I had been there longer than the other person being considered. Talk about no motivation.  Everyone also felt extremely overworked and underpaid. The raises were completely arbitrary, and the new hires weren't trained to sell Macs, just iPods and iPhones, so there were still the same number of people to help people who wanted to buy Macs, which just weren't enough.  Also, one of my managers had a problem with physicality. This manager touched people inappropriately, and even physicially threatened to harm another employee..and still works there!
Jerk customers who think the world revolves around them. They bring such a terrible negative energy to the store and hurt other customer's experiences.
You're at the tow of local managers, who themselves often don't live up to Apple's mission or culture. Often times, the managers of the local retail stores will present themselves to their corporate managers as if they're all about the Apple culture, and then turn around to be the meanest people in the world. In my experience, the workers at my store were consistently appalled at how viscous our general manager was to customers and fellow employees alike. He would do or say anything to keep somebody from returning something, even if it was a blatant mis-statement of Apple policy. Management is in a unique position to distort Apple policy and culture on the ground, and it was shocking to see. It is ultimately why I decided to leave.
Long Long Long Long hours.
For all the positives, it can be an incredibly frustrating place to work, too. Most obviously, but least importantly, some of the customer interactions can be intimidating, and scares off some people from the job. Actually, this didn't bother me so much -- when a customer is agitated, it's rarely *you* they have a problem with, so much as their frustration with the company as a whole and the product specifically. Focusing on the specific problems & needs usually quickly gets you past such customer frustrations, allowing you to come to a resolution to the problem that brought them in to begin with. That's fine, and you either get used to it immediately, or customer service isn't your best line of work.  The bigger frustrations all had to do with the company itself.  Lots of specialists try to get promoted to Mac Genius (or Creative), but there really isn't any credible way for most Geniuses to move up with a technical role within the company, other than to try for a rare job at corporate offices in California or Texas.  The company's secrecy is pervasive, and all information comes down from On High -- you often have a dim idea of where your own store is headed, nevermind the company as a whole. There's little opportunity for good ideas to trickle up from the ranks, or for peers to collaborate with each other across the chain -- rather, marching orders come down from the top and everyone expected to get on board.  For a technology company, they're startlingly reluctant to "eat their own dogfood" -- you often end up being officially instructed to do things in a "sneaker net" kind of low-tech, labor-intensive way when some of the company's own products could have potentially been making aspects of the job much easier.
Too much confidentiality. You couldn't even fart without getting reprimanded in some way. It felt like working for Big Brother at some points because of everything going on.
As employees we are constantly expected to add on to every computer sale, there is AppleCare (three year "protection plan"), ProCare (V.I.P. service for technical support), One 2 One (Personal Training membership), and .mac (online membership to share photos and store data). Not every person will want one, let alone three, of these services that we offer. Yet we are expected to have 60% AppleCare, 25% .mac, and 30% One 2 One and ProCare combined. To top that off, there is no benefit to the employee by getting any of these services, except a photo taken of you if you receive a "Trifecta" (having 3 out of the four services). Having another job that pay commission on every sale, it really bothers me to have no motivation to sell these services, that definitely a majority of people do not need.
The people at Apple are living on the bleeding edge, we don't know what the future holds until we invent it.
I suppose that a con would be that there is a very hard balance here between work and home life.
You have to be careful because this job can take over your life if you are not careful. You need to learn to seperate the 2 and learn to say no when it is necessary.
If you work in a store, even within technical support, its still very much extended retail hours. So expect to work late/ very early sometimes. Can be very very busy too at any hour of the day but there's always enough employees to deal with it!
some people think they know better
workflow, customers, assessments, constantly under review
Nice company for me and very happy to work this company.
hard to be promoted, career growth take times, managers changed often
i was a pro apps trainer so maybe a bit too noisy as a training environment and being in a retail space i was asked to work weekends and holidays
for some people it may not be a career.
As with all large global business, there can be a hierarchy and certain areas but this can be overcome if you're able to build relationships and see around corners effectively.
Because my creativity have not limit, Steve Jobs known it very well, and the Company in this momento need to continue with my creativity for new ideas.
Most employees are too comfortable at their current position/area, which is kind of discouraging for someone who needs a challenging work environment in order to grow as an employee/person. People lack a little bit of ambition.
Unavoidable but the customers really take a toll when working on the genius bar.
While it was a good experience, retail is retail.
lack of opportunity at corporate
The most authentic yet inauthentic company I have ever worked for. Everything seemed superficial and nothing was really real. Amazing but cliquey co-workers
Can be elitist in some departments
Not much to mention. A great organisation
Apple brand company leaning my life .it's myself very love
no negative comment so far
Bathroom breaks were always timed
Customers/grown adults yelling at you in public will get to you, especially when you have the most positive intent to help their issue. But that’s the reality of all retail no matter where you go.
there is no cons at all
Long Shifts, Little Breaks. Work Ethos Strange. Temp Staff Hired
None I can think of
Career progression was very slow due to the lack of available positions
None at all - I loved everything about apple!
feeling of isolation no social interaction
It may become to stressful
stressful work with intense targets
Politics, it’s unavoidable. Just play the game
Work life balance and quality of management.
Little room for career progression
Slow hierarchical growth compared to competitors
none at this time to submit
Less money and not rally
Heavy volume of calls. Few consideration for T1s
Management can be difficult, depends on your location
highly competitive environment and no life work balance
could be very busy and loud depending on the store you work at
Goal posts are constantly moved on expectations of employees.  Booking holidays is problematic
I cannot think of any cons.
Management are cliquey and they do not go the extra mile to help develop you as an individual. No one inspires me from management and it feels robotic at times. It is too stressful in AppeCare and mental well-being is not taken care of enough considering we have the most emotionally exhausting job in AppleCare.
Huge company with too many d
You only get 15 minute break-times. Can be stressful- angry clients
No year end bonus and too much micro-management. Too high expectations from Management to hit KPI
Honesty, none. If you are in a great team with a good manager, there will be no problem at all.
Nothing really it was pretty good
Not much room to grow if working in the retail sector
working from home not easy
Expect inconsistent rosters if working part time and no set days off.
Close-knit colleagues, always wanting to socialise
Stress level, turn over
Small team, nowhere to advance.
temporary contractor, not permanent, job security
None that I can think of.
1: Over communication 2: Strong confidential - add transaction cost - time and money
All are good, no cons
- not flexible - management annoying please please change
Occasionally difficult customers, confusing product protocols
i worked in Asean and Asia operations, and they are full of foreign hire at managerial level. Will like to see more local mgr ideally.
*Salary needs to be improved *Moving to another role due to past experiences should be a lot easier, stuck in position held is very possible
- Hard to progress and senior roles are typically not advertised internally but external candidates are preferred.
Factory settings, not enough cultural melting pot, each section has its own language.
Advancement in retail can be difficult
No work life balance Too much politics and possees in certain verticals Review system needs to be updated to avoid full control from the direct manager (-> some managers are bullies...)
Managers play favourites. Male members of staff have exhibited incredibly gross and inappropriate behaviour towards female staff. This ranges from Leads, Experts, to Creatives. No action is ever taken is due to demands of loads of evidence. Very cult-like mindset. The GR is a toxic place to be in. Very toxic environment through out the store. Managers will say there is no “hierarchy” but there is. Zero work/life balance. No career path to corporate despite being told there is.
Overall Repetitive nature of job
- Low salary - No commission politic - High pressure based on customer review metrics: we tend to behave with "too much smile", not natural anymore. Customers notice it. - Depending on managers, naturally stressed employees may have difficulties to work with no pressure. As employees, we can notice our managers are also stressed from their top managers and do not know how to perform their job without sharing their own pressure.
Followed at the second on everything.
No good opportunity for talents
I don't see any cons.
- Technical specialists get the same pay as sales staff despite undergoing more training and putting up with a lot of customer abuse. - Hard to "drink to kool-aid" when you're in a retail environment, have to deal with a fair bit of cringe.
None, I could not imagine one
Hard work while on the job
high work pressure. require a lot multi-tasking skills
No work life balance. You have to also work during weekends.
Fast paced, can be stressful work environment.
Poor management and supervisors replace the lot
A bit of pressure to sell add-on's like AppleCare
- Retail can be quite draining
- Kinda crappy management - Long Hours
Poor engagement on a personal level
Work life balance wasnt great. But the team was great so it compensated for that.
I like work independent with no stress
- Got way more hours than I wanted - Impossible to get someone to cover shifts because everyone had more hours than they wanted.
Work is tedious so the worker gets tired
“Working from home is more and more of a hot topic because of how tight the marketplace is,” says Dawn Fay, senior district president for Robert Half, a recruitment and staffing company. One winning way companies can compete for top talent is by luring would-be employees and retain existing ones with creature comforts. “Companies will do all sorts of things to entice employees, including offering flex time and work-from-home options,” says Fay. Indeed, according to a survey by Robert Half, 77% of workers said they’d be more likely to accept a job if it offered the ability to work from home at least some of the time.  Or course, while working from your couch (or bed) sounds great in theory, like everything else, it’s important to understand the pros and cons before you start picking out home office furniture. In fact, 81% of workers in the survey admit there are downsides to working remotely.  If you’re considering a telecommuting gig, here are some of the potential advantages and pitfalls to think about before you log in from home:
Ambiguous, can be repetitive, no growth in Specialist roles
There isn't much flexibility around working hours and if you're unable to work overtime it's frowned upon
Shift working hour zzz z ..
Schedules and family/work balance, coaching is an opportunity and développement.
It's a lot of work.
Very secretive and can be stressful
It can get really busy at times.
Demanding environment, challenging to fit in initially
Work life balance is poor, and few career opportunities exist if you are not in Cupertino. Confidentiality rules are far too strict and lead to inefficiencies and duplication of effort
Can be repetitive and stressful at times.
Very little upward mobility. Prefer external candidates for management positions.
Need to consider shift bid process a bit more.
Retail Retail Retail Retail Retail
long hours, little communication between people customer who think your nothing but the scum of the earth and wont listen to your advise.
Very american company, which is to be expected. Too much clapping. Can seem like a cult every now and then.
customers can get annoying and bothersome
Long hours during launch
no specific drawbacks to mention
not really, feels pretty good
Hard work, management, stress, loud
You work in a mall or plaza.  You ultimately work retail and therefore have to deal with retail hours and customer entitlement.  Management talk about work/life balance but you never really get a proper weekend. Usually one day off some more work days an then another day off.  You work for Apple Retail not Apple Corporate. There is a giant divide. Less benefits. Less involvement. Less pride.  It feels like it would take a miracle to ever transfer to Corporate even if you had relevant skills.  Pretty extreme expectations in terms of Work Reviews. Very very good workers did not seem to get rewarded for their behaviour due to arbitrary and unrealistic customer-review expectations.
Huge company Flat structure Everyone drunk on the “kool aid”
Micromanagement and sales are the primary focus.
If you have a child or a life no point working here. you could be 30 seconds late and its an issue. All sales sales sales focused. Only care about targets and not your wellbeing.
The pay is inline with retail but the work is well above average retail
long hours busy store always working weekends
Nothing in particular to say
Push for sale targets especially Apple Care insurance policy. Painful legs because you stand too long.
But when you work there it can be tough at times. Working at Apple can be a very tough job and can get overwhelming. It is very difficult to have a work-life balance with retail hours, but that's the nature of retail. Seems to be a disconnect between corporate ideas and the actual implementations in a retail environment.
No cons as such, it was fun to learn so many things.
Immature staff as they hire a lot of part time and young people Works you hard, stores get unbelievably busy Doesn't pay as much as other jobs would, for same role
Growth in company is very less Opportunities are very less.
Diverse environment. High expectations. Knowledge key
Work you tithe bone! Many hours after clocking out
Taxes, low foreign hire benefits, no travel benefits to home country
Constantly busy and crowded environment, not a lot of room to breathe
Very average pay, work is not very fulfilling.
fast pace environment, steep learning curve
Angry customers if you’re a technical advisor, pay can be slightly better for the work produced and definitely there should be a clear path for individuals looking to progress into corporate!!
Location is outside of the city
People tend to stick to this company.
Don’t do zero hour contract which are needed for students
low paid, not that high friendly staff
hours hard time holiday pay
Strict inside policies, lack of career opportunities.
Terrible micromanagement, days can be very monotonous
The politics behind moving up in role and favouritism - just like most workplaces.
Customers are generally not nice to you. Company culture has a facade of niceness and honesty but it's incredibly secretive and passive-aggressive. No commission, which apparently makes you trustworthy but in reality, it just makes somebody else very rich off your sales work.
Long Retail hours, especially during holidays - aside from that not much!
high expectations and targets but nothing that cannot be achieved.
Work life balance - it’s just life. It’s retail, you know what your signing up for!
I would say nothing to be honest
less of career development and too much work load
Awkward hours ( 20 hours per week plus college) Aggressive customers Having to deal with long wait times while transferring to other departments
Sometimes too big for its own good. Nepotism and clique mentality in certain departments.
Too much work life balance, not much learnings and personal development Too political, only people who are outspoken gets the recognition
Not very clear career progression path Cyclical workload
Bad politics, less work life balance.
Really disappinted On how they have preferences with some people.  Even though you did a better job than someone else, that other person will have a better raise than you because he was the manager’s favorite.
To much expensive for normal person
Bad boss, bad atmosphere, no promotion possibilities
Retail stores are always busy
Really busy all the time, especially holiday periods -- can be very stressful
The position has really gone downhill quickly. From being quite different from a general AppleCare job, it's now being incredibly micromanaged.  Meetings, trainings, offline time is cancelled constantly due to service levels and management is sending out emails to the department threatening with disciplinary actions for small mistakes to people.  The department has been understaffed for a very long time and it's only getting worse. There's a very big difference on how managers are approaching advisors - some are ok with people being off the phone to work on cases, even in busy times, while others are micromanaging them and asking them to go available to take calls all the time.
Can't think of any at this time
Can feel a little uncomfortable at times with the pride for the brand.
The uncomfortable atmosphere during work, the psychological discomfort, the number of hours and pressure on the workers.
very busy every day
It can be frustrating watching unreasonable customers yell and get their way with management.
It's very easy to get so involved within Apple's journey you may have little time for person growth out side of Apple which is perfectly OK if you are 110% committed to Apple had map.
No time for family, money come in and goes out.
Procedure for everything. Target driven. Not as many opportunities for AHA
poor management and also hard for promotion.
- Management picks favourites - Hard to move around - Work life balance not the best
Business need, schedule is what it is
Little job responsibility, makes it difficult to have motivation Little progression for part time roles
Great company to work for
Retail is far lower value than corporate
challenging on long term | and promotion difficult outside the department
Workload can be challenging at times.
Could have more carrear opportunities, autonomy, empowerment.
little scope for progression really
Often need to leave and come back for upward mobility.
The job can get a little repetitive and the public isn't always an easy one. It's a luxury call center, but still a call center. The schedules can get a little hard sometime.
Shifts very repetitive. America do scheduling so you could be on lates for a year.
Can be difficult to get time off at short notice, depends on holiday allowance for you and your team. Management changes frequently, don't be surprised if you have a new manager every 6 mths.
Getting big and development is slowing down
Only 3 weeks rota
A bit micro-management, don’t have much team building within the team
Some co-workers pushed me to the edge
Management don't give a damn if you're sick and will bully you into leaving. Complaints to upper management don't go anywhere. Extremely stressful for very low pay. Can get lonely. Equipment provided for call work (headsets) are painful to wear, you can buy your own but if you're found out management goes ballistic. You are not provided with the most up to date technology and as such it can be difficult to provide support - you are expected to buy products yourself. No opportunity for promotion. If you have a bad manager they will bully you into cancelling any overtime you have scheduled if you receive a bad review from a customer.
there are no cons, a very positive place to work
People want to be better then others
long working hours all the days
Long working hours sometimes weekend work
Unless you're a vocal and a good presenter, there's limited chance for career growth. Also very limited opportunity to learn new technologies.
too much travel and secretive culture
Seems like a pointless role with the business structure
None but political sometimes
No social life, long hours
Long hours, shift hours vary through the week. Possibly a weekend shift too.
Limit of promotion within technical service department
Retail stores can be a crazy busy place to work. Some stores, such as the one in Amsterdam is understaffed. This leads to high turnover and a high sickness rate.  Other downsides is the scheduling, due to long opening hours there is quite bad work life balance. It can happen that you have a late shift on tuesday, early on wednesday, late on thursday, early on friday. Because of this it is almost inpossible to create a social life or to commit to things such as teamsports.  It can also be difficult to take holidays or even a weekend off. Since the schedule is made 5 weeks in advance a last minute birthday can be a nightmare to attend since taking time off is no longer possible. The so called shift swap system doesn't work, and often employees have to manually search for people who are able to change a shift.
Work hours can be long and minimum 4 days required. If part time must give weekends.
Stressful, poor management, shifts, useless meetings
It takes very long to progress within the company
None really everything is really cool
There is no cons really
It is a big hard to go above, if you are interesting to apply for operations or finance, even if you have a good background, it is hard.
Might take time to adjust as people as fast-paced and sometimes reluctant to involve you in a team.
Not much work life balance and hard to move from the retail level. Management came from other retail store and did not know much about the technology.
hours are usually short and christmas time is hectic
No orange and no worries
A few months ago or so, I discovered an interesting article called ‘Work for Loyal Employers. Life is too short for anything else!’. I asked myself, are there still employers worth working for, if so where are they because let’s face it around 99% of the people just go to work because they have to in order to pay rent, mortgage, etc. and they’re not working for supervisors or company who treat them right. This inspired me to write an honest review about one of the biggest companies of our time, a company everyone seems to have in high esteem, too high in my opinion, and always looks the other way when they do something hideous - I’m talking about Apple. There might be similar or worse conditions in other of their offices but this is regarding the office in London. I started to work for Apple as a contractor via an agency (I might write a separate review about them) and remember well, how full of dreams and innocent I was when I started my first day at Apple and now after having worked there for almost a year I have come out of there with my dreams crushed and a nearly dead mind because of the job - both of them thankfully recovering, albeit slowly. At first, all supervisors are friendly, although some faked it so strongly that it cringes and are pretty passive-aggressive to the point that it can make you sick to your stomach. If you’re a contractor and have an issue with your employer (the agency), such as late payment or no payment at all, don’t have any hopes that Apple will help you sort this out, because they won’t even acknowledge you or the issue and prefer to do like it never happened or just say they’re your employer. Apple’s way of saying we do not care whether you get paid or not as long as you get the job done. Also, Apple didn’t do any in-depth research about the agency they hired and turned out that one of the biggest issues - inaccurate payment/no payment - was happening in all their branches across the country. From the beginning, Apple will tell you that no matter if you’re a contractor or not, you’re part of the team and welcome any feedback. However, the truth is that you’ll always be at the bottom of the food chain and the only type of feedback they welcome is the positive one. If you want to succeed and move forward in the company, keep the real constructive feedback to yourself, and if you don’t mind informing on your work colleagues for silly things as well. There’s a strict separatism regime like in the Middle Ages (the common folk and royalty) but at Apple, it’s between the permanent staff and the contractors. This starts from the very beginning with the ID being a different colour compared to that of the permanent staff, first sign you’re not really part of the team. Forget about having any interaction with colleagues from other departments. In their eyes, you don’t exist and they won’t even acknowledge your existence. I’m not suggesting to talk about work because it’s not allowed and I fully understand this, but not having the decency to say ‘good morning, how are you?’ back to someone who is talking to you and just treats you like you’re invisible/beneath them is disgusting, also the managers won’t sit and eat at the same table as you and this is not a joke, they’ll sit at their own table without any contractors in sight. You’ll also be excluded from the company’s parties and they keep them highly classified, this one was a first for me. I’ve had my fair share of fixed-term jobs for many companies (big and small ones) and they all welcomed me to their parties, whether I had recently started or been there for years, whether I was a contractor, part-time, full-time, etc. e.g. during one of my FTC jobs, my senior told me the company was invited to an event (and it was quite a luxurious one too) and asked me if I wanted to assist as well and I was barely a week at the job! You can say that they've got the right not to invite you but it shows that they don’t consider you part of the company. Moreover, you’re not allowed to send parcels to the office. If you do, they’ll “kindly” ask you to not send any personal post/parcels to the office as they only can receive parcels related to Apple work as it’s “Apple’s policy”. Nonetheless, the permanent staff will constantly send stuff to the office, like clothes from H&M, gym products, things from Amazon, etc. So much for products only Apple-related... The first time, you’ll get a warning but if it happens again they’ll refuse to take the parcel and it’ll be returned. As a contractor, I spent 40 hours a week at the company with only half an hour lunch break and some people have a long home journey and wouldn’t make it on time to pick up the parcel because the post offices are closed after work. If you require specific work equipment due to a medical condition or similar no matter whether you were born with it or due to an accident, then strongly avoid Apple to work as a contractor. They’ll beat around the bush for months with back and forth emails, so that you eventually give up and forget about it, no matter if you’ve got a doctor’s letter stating you require it. They’ll find an excuse so as not to approve it, much less provide it, and go as far as saying ‘I think the doctor meant to say that you need something else’. If someone has a doctor’s letter confirming you’ve got a medical condition and for said condition, you require special equipment, what on Earth more do you require? And how do you know what the doctor meant? Are you a doctor too now? Can you read minds? Firstly, it’s very hard to get an appointment, most of them are in 3 to 4 weeks’ time (if you’re lucky unless you can afford private medical healthcare) and until then you’re supposed to work as usual while being in constant pain? Secondly, if diverse body areas are affected you’ve to go to different doctors in the UK, meaning to book an appointment for each speciality doctor you’ve to see, and by the time you’ve got all documents they “require” months have already passed. No wonder that there isn’t a single person with a disability working at the company, so much for diversity at their workplace. In addition, keeping up morale is the responsibility of the contractor ONLY, not of the company you work for too. You’ve to come up with ideas to improve the relationships - little info for Apple, the relationships between contractors are not the problem, it’s the lack of relationship, understanding, and support between contractor and Apple that is lacking, if not completely non-existent. It’s not surprising that the company DOES NOT care about you, even if you’re a great and hardworking employee and exceed in the assignments given, for them YOU ARE REPLACEABLE. About the job itself. The job is easy, like incredibly easy. It’s so easy that your brain will reach a state similar to a coma while still being awake after only a few weeks (if not days) due to the constant repetition and lack of innovation/improvement for the tasks. However, policies can change rapidly and frequently even contradict themselves and if you ask for further clarification they’ll dismiss you or tell you the exact same information given by the policies you already read and make no sense. Now to the part on how you succeed on becoming a permanent employee, even though they say this is impossible from day one. Well, if you really want to be part of the cult then follow these guidelines: don’t think outside the box, don’t look left or right and be close-minded, don’t ask for deeper clarification or further questions about a topic, go with their flow, become best buddies with the managers, inform on your colleagues – e.g. a work colleague is making a constructive comment about work, company, etc. or checking their phone while sitting on their desk while waiting for the work tools to load (which take ages by the way), then go and have a tête-à-tête with a manager about them, make sure to mention the employee’s name. At a certain stage, they’ll approach you and praise you for all your great espionage data, I mean feedback and “hard work” followed by an interview with other permanent staff from other countries where your ego will be moulded to their vision and tell you that from now on you’re part of the higher-up and given the great power of prying on your colleagues and patrol the office to make sure only work-related tools are on display and the same for conversations - after all, this is kindergarten and someone has to breathe down your neck at all times. No wonder when I was watching ‘The Circle’ the first thing that came to my mind was ‘they should’ve called it Apple’. You can be as hard-working and punctual, kind and honest, always helping out others, even taking the responsibility of training others which is actually the managers’ job, and even excel at work and in all your tasks all you want because if you’re not ready to be submissive, forget your principles, and backstab your colleagues you will never be one of them. These reasons might seem petty to some, particularly to those who think alike as Apple and are already under the spell of Apple’s indoctrination. Nevertheless, if you put them all together and imagine yourself going to work five days a week during a daily eight-hour shift where you see and experience these factors and many more day after day after day, you’ll realise that a job at Apple nor Apple itself is truly worth it and also shows, the bigger the company the less value an employee/contractor will have. Please don’t think this review is coming from someone who is envious (yes, envious not jealous there’s a difference) for not being promoted or made permanent, and I know that my review might be fairly derogatory and too much for some to handle (probably for Apple too), but I don’t sugarcoat things particularly when it comes to the truth and Apple deserves it. I can happily and proudly say that I got a much better and permanent job offer at a company that highly values and greatly rewards their employees as well as gives them the opportunity to develop themselves and I don’t have to be an unscrupulous lowlife and can keep a clear conscience. On the other hand, if you’re looking for backstabbing, two-faced politics, lies, hypocrisy, lack of recognition for hard work and dedication, no real employee value, and modernised and legal slavery, then by all means, Apple is your company. Apple, your slogan is ‘think different’ but where is that different? You are a company that generates a revenue between $50-55 (or more) billion a year and pays only around 10% taxes on said amount (you might even surpass the trillion dollars soon), so why not bother in improving your work conditions and relationships among your permanent staff and contractors? Peace out!
routine only french colleagues clients hard sometimes management to improve timer
Still looking and experiencing as I am newly being with Apple
Wow where do I start!  You are micro managed so much. Believe me it’s like being in a real life call of duty game managers would constantly be on the radios checking where you are if your supposed to be where you should be.  You are told in training that it’s all about customer service and there are no targets. That’s all a big lie you are measured on things like how much revenue you make for the store, how many business customers you introduce, how many iups you do.  If your someone who speaks up and says what you believe working in an Apple store is not for you. Managers will bully you out and try and make you resign yourself by doing things like not promoting you, making you do stock room duties, make you do cleaning etc.  Management don’t care about your happiness if your unhappy they will pretend like they care and listen to you but they won’t do anything about it. There facial expressions will just say it all. Managers know that they can replace you easily so they do not care if your feeling happy or down.  This is an honest review of a very busy mall store in London I work in. The turnover rate of staff here is so high because they use and abuse people if your good at your job but don’t have a sucking up relationship with your manager get ready to get managed out. Someone resigns here every week because it’s just such a horrible atmosphere to be in
Can sometimes be lonely working from home
There were not any oranges.
Your quality of life will vary greatly depending on the team you get assigned to. Your impact feels very small in the grand scheme of things (even if, in absolute values, it affects millions of people).
Very dynamic company and requires ability to adapt in fast paced environment.
Not always on the right side of the employee. If you have a 'bad' manager, you are expecting to be ok with that.
If you don't like people this is not the job for you!
None really some days are stressful like any other job
Political no good career development opportunities
Due to their "Good is the enemy of Great" phylosophy, that means that you will never do a good enough job. There is never the feeling of satisfaction and, if there is, it lasts very very short time. You will always feel unsettle. Although there are good benefits, you always feel you belong to the company without time limit.
have to drink the koolaid scheduling, availability and getting time off was a pain and so poor work life balance because of it
Front line job can sometimes ruin one's image of the brand/industry
Challenging job scope, tough interview.
Definitely a strong company culture that encourages disingenuous political behaviour from employees. Also, the hours are pretty stressful for part-time work as they want you to work pretty well all weekend since that's when they are most busy.
Management structure is all wrong. Managers receive too much pressure from above and do not take enough pressure from below. Employees are given more responsibilities every quarter without any pressure being lifted, or salary raise etc. Management do no take ownership of this, try to change or apologise. There is no responsibility taken for issues that affect the lower tiers, management believe that all issues come from above. This is unfortunate because Apple otherwise have a great culture, but I had 5 managers in 2 departments in the time I worked with Apple and it is all the same - no matter how nice the manager - the minute you have a problem they do not want to hear from you. This can quickly turn any team into an hostile environment.  It is difficult to experience any professional growth. There is no support for self-driven learning, you can only follow one of the pre-defined career paths and navigate through the Apple chain of advancement.
- Moving up can be very tricky, you'll hit your glass ceiling very fast if you're good at your role. - Promotions or experiences are usually given to those who abide to the "game" leadership have set out. It is out based on your work. - Long hours and little to almost no recognition. It's almost expected from you. - Work/life balance is poor
No cons everything is great
long hours, shift bidding, stress, loneliness,
Low wages. But otherwise none.
The company has changed a lot since Steve Jobs died. Been in the company over 10 years and I feel we are now working for the sole purpose of delighting the shareholders.
Low pay, high staff turnover
hard work, lot of effort required
Retail standard just like the others
- Only during holiday season when it gets too busy
There is a lot of politics
None, brilliant job and would recommend
I don’t reallt have any negative things to say about the company. Everything is great if you’re a part time worker.
Being Patient all the no matter the level of stress with positive thinking and open minded attitude.
Stress and managers that base everything ok stats and numbers don’t taking in consideration that we are human beings
Team morale disappeared. Only those who are a friend of management can last long even if they don't work at all. That's why the turnover rate is high in this team.
Stuck at home all the time Bad shifts unless your performance is top 10% of advisors in your region Poor life/work balance
non-flexible schedule (hard to get a vacation)
Hard to build a career
Incompetent and unfeeling first line management, “mandatory” overtime, and high productivity targets.
none none none none none
Very fast paced environment, customers can be unrelenting at times
You need to have an open availability
lots of political happens, hard to maintain a relationship
Learning, good skills, challenging, new things to learn
nope nope nope nope nope
High Targets from early days in the role
Making some expensive to improve the company
- lacking bonus payout - international internal transfer
Middle management is not standardized. Some middle managers only work for meeting company's expectations. They didn't give enough support to the staff who wants to learn more.
-No commission - Too easy to fail
No Bonus, develop decline, different from the abroad
Challenging customers that often get abusive, difficult to get a good shift.
My team was hired by a contractor, so we were dealing with 2 managers. Our manager was never at work and didn't manage even the basic duties, like holidays and shifts. Two excellent supervisors were running the project instead of her. Training was not adequate.
Retail hours ... I wish there was a better schedule
People management practices are shambolic
- hard to move up in the company - retail positions can feel kind of complacent
long work hours less vacation
Leaders are too inspiring that sometimes employees are being brainwashed to do their best. In a span of 1 year, employees are falling sick, getting injured physically due to the high velocity of the work.  employees are not given the opportunity to rest and reflect. We dont even get opportunity to go for upgrading courses.
- I'm living quite far from the city so it takes a very long time to get to work but it's just a personal problem.
Hard to rise up the ranks
Most of the time, you'll be promoted based on who you know and how much they like you (especially in Retail)
Retail schedule may be sometimes very pleasing.
nothing to really complain about
Pockets of arrogant culture, but overall people are humble and excellent at what they do.
Majority of the customers are ignorant. People expect too much out of free appointment. People have wrong expectations.
very competitive with other peers
Really struggle to comment. Many people who are in Apple Retail may say otherwise. But everyone I know and work with have come to work here and never want to leave.
There are no cons, Apple is truly amazing
-Hard to get promoted -Can be very stressful dealing with angry customers
A lot of the time you're made to feel as if Apple is something special, but really you'll still just selling stuff for low pay. Don't be deceived.
Retail environment with many odd hours
retail hours, busy all the time
bad management, bad opportunities of career
If you’re excelling at your job at the bottom of the picking list, they don’t like to promote or give a pay rise.
Delay in response from management, KPI set is not correct
nothing, everything good work in apple
Long working hours & rude customers
Very busy environment to work in
Customers have ridiculously high expectations of Apple. So you gotta deal with that. 90% of Managers are ex Gap / Forever 21 Managers so they don’t know ANYTHING technical and are in charge of technicians or tech departments
Despite how much they tell you this is an educational role, be prepared to work a retail job with metrics and some targets. Store team are incredibly two faced and suck up to management, if you aren't in with the in crowd then forget about moving up the ranks. You are working with literal children and the patronising management reflect this regardless of your age. Members of staff are willing to climb over each other for 'positive feedback' in order to climb the ladder and gain that all powerful personal connection with management. Managers only have interest in figures and comparing to others in the market, as long as they are seen to be hitting targets thats all they care about. Learning workshops and facilitating them are generally fun but remember you are 100 percent at the mercy of the general public, who despite getting a free service will literally complain about everything. Management will use this against you time and time again and work you till you feel like dropping dead no matter how well you deliver.  Also watch out for the PC brigade, definitely a skewed culture on this. Some can get away with saying and doing whatever they feel is suitable and others can't do anything without someone being offended. Serious amount of hypocrisy and entitlement.
Low salary and limited wage raise
big competition among the staff
-The Genius Bar is a draining place to work -Being part time you find yourself missing out on training that can take place during your days off
I can't think of any
Fast paced, continual change and reshuffling
Lack of predictability of schedule.
-Not too flexible in work hours / shifts
Office politics situation is serious.
Lack of level 1 and 2 management quality
Constantly standing and on your feet
I have many years customer service experience before starting at Apple Now where do I start. Pay is AVERAGE. Who can survive on the beginning wage with a family and a mortgage is what I’d like to know, and at the same time have to put up with the atrocious customers that call in. Work to life balance is a spit in the face! Shifts change every 3 months and even if you get their ridiculous metrics consistently on point you still get horrid shifts. They constantly lie to to get more work out of you. 8 minutes each day to go to the loo..I’d like to meet the simpleton who made this rule!! Even seeing on the reviews from the head office in Cork this is the same. What are we school kids??? Overtime forced onto you every 3-4 months yet it’s voluntary in the contract??? Management are an absolute disgrace!!!Care only about their own backs and just about give you leeway within the guidelines of the company. That’s after begging! You can’t book holidays when there is less than 8 hrs in group allowance yet some days have -45hrs already booked!!!Who the hell is getting the days off???.. The management and the favorites that’s who.  Having to work all public and festive holidays just like the overworked yanks. And I wonder why people go mad in America. Probably from this type of widespread,force fed,metric corporate management structure.  Micromanagement on steroids!! I’m a consistent achiever, yet it took me nearly 4 yrs to get to somewhat senior level. Getting 95-100% and yet still not good enough.. managers find some lies to make themselves look like they are coaching you when all they are doing is ticking their boxes for their peers. No empathy at a human level at all!!! Managers one week find something to pick at, you fix that issue and suddenly there is another problem when there wasn’t one to begin with. I have never been belittled by a manager in my entire working career. If anything previous managers were caring and helpful in most cases. The ones at Apple leave a lot to be desired.  No movement AT ALL in the company. They lie to you with “Loads of opportunity” when there is zero. European customers don’t give a damn about “Here to help” scripted from American culture if you can’t even get a store appointment for a week... like what is going on with this place!!! Don’t bother wasting your time coming to work for Apple if you want to keep your sanity. Told we would look after Ireland/UK . In 4 yrs I’ve taken 5-6 calls from Ireland, the rest were from the lowest IQ race on the planet. I’d say 80% of calls are user error, People that are on their 6th iPhone and still don’t know how and are too lazy to learn how to even reset a password. It’s not my fault the people on the other side of the phone don’t understand their own language and my AHT is high.. I’ve never left a job because of how it was managed in my life but I’m an Apple user a long time and can’t wait to leave before I poison my thoughts using my own Apple products for my own needs.
They hire based on personality Policy and procedures are horrendous
Politics - gotta be a managers pet to get promoted Work/life balance is brutal. 9 hour days with random hours
It takes a long time to climb up the ladder
no negative views for such excellent work
nothing really just overall good I suppose
Can be stressful at times Same thing every day
Just doing this cos I have to
money isnt as good as you would expect. Large gap between management and staff, especially when management do not know half of the technical information you would expect them to.
None for me really so far
Worklife balance - you get sucked into the ecosystem.  It’s retail - everything that comes with it.
- Few opportunity for promotion or growth - No incentive - Working under stress and pressure
- Hard to move up - Management can conspire against you - Super busy
Stressful, Loud, Rude customers, Product launches are highly stressful
Their are no cons to working here
none for now. maybe organization on the floor of how things run
Slow career progression - especially in the retail stores The full time base salary could be better for such a large company Your contracted hours can be spread thin over the week. Slightly irritating if you're part time
Development, personal satisfaction, mobilty, monotony
different challenge every day can be intense
Work Holiday hours Can't transition to corporate
high workload and a lot of stress
No cons to speak of.
the workload can become out of hand from time to time.
They don't have too much
long hours, difficult customers, needs energy
Work life balance sucks!
There is no downside here
Way too many politics. Terrible upper management. Can be a very toxic environment, customers and staff. Favouritism is very clear. A lot of scandals take place amongst management, that they simply sweep under the rug. Drug testing is highly recommended!!!! So many staff Including management do drugs. It’s a joke.
If you have a degree with no experience, it is real tough to get into corporate. Only way is to try out through "experiences/paid internships". You usually have to go through two to get in and they last 6 months in California or Austin. Position is not guaranteed afterward. Watch out for in-store manager favoritism.
- Felt isolated working from home
Saw hard working employees get bullied by managers with HR doing nothing about it, complained about sexist comments from a male manager to HR and was 'conveniently' made redundant 6 weeks later. Happens all the time within the AU HO, and HR do nothing about it. This person then went on to take over my role, which in the end I discovered he was stabbing me in the back the whole time to get it, it's a toxic culture where people walk over you to be promoted and will steal your ideas to make themselves look good. Don't work here, it's soul destroying.
Hectic work , poor work life balance for parents
Long days Stressful times Living in the area is very expensive
Schedules not flexible, more flexible work scheduled
you learn to position more than solve problems you have to search the " thinking out of the box " feeling stats are the Holy Grail
nothing, really maybe sometimes long hours
They do expect a lot from employee's. Leaving on time is around upon !!!
n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a
Can be stressful speaking to difficult customers with difficult problems face to face.
Advancement is difficult because it's very competitive, and positions are often occupied for a long period of time. But there is a lot of different options for movement within the workplace
Experience outside of Apple has no weight Lack of consistency Not much opportunity to grow within the business Development takes years Management make work difficult if they don't like you
Inconsistent policies and cultures depending on division and departments
- Gets a bit isolating, constantly being by yourself
No much cons as such, you would feel a little scared once you join but they welcome you and treat you with respect
Bad management, bad part time job
Working in retail store is tough cause we're always busy. Low income is another problem.
Stressful micromanagement and not the best salaries
Sometimes management aren't aware of certain things being communicated, or things weren't communicated properly and end up delivering poor customer service through missing data.
Bad progression and really busy
Australia has a limited opportunity to grow careers due to size and scale
There were no cons at all !
Micro-Managing Manager practises and encourages Workplace Bullying Low salary increment No free meals from the richest tech company in the world.
Bad Salary Long working hours Night meetings Bad office conditions Bad management
Standing all day can become real tiring especially as a FT employee. You sometimes have to “pucker” up to get where you are going and friends of higher ups will get a position over you that’s been giving it your all
long shifts and angry customer
Too hectic and work life balance is never possible
Demanding metrics to be met.
1. Work-life balance is not that good. Leaders ask you not to work for extra time but you have endless work to do all the time.
Customers can be very demanding. Sometime difficult to find time for self development and reflection.
Nothing that I can think of.
Retail Hours for the stores, part time is still restricting when raising a family
- Hard to progress - Can be quite cliquey
• managers are just that, managers... since the current Store “leader” has been on board it’s gone from leaders that inspire to a glorified EE shop, targets, targets, targets. This is not the middle managers fault, they have the pressure and mentality of a car room sales man manager above them. • After induction you are pretty much left to it and at that point just a tick box. • very cliche, need to be in the right group, or be able to brown nose like the best. JS... • pay is average and no consistency, get told not to talk to others about your pay... and that’s why... • fake fulfilment, managers try to buy love and respect with sweets and other childish materials (don’t get me wrong it’s great fun, however not when you know their real intentions) • The People manager at this particular store, I think aspires to be detective columbo, which in turn, puts you off wanting to go into 20 meter diameter of her. Not the best attribute for a “people” manager.
The workload was crazy for the near minimum wage pay. Most of the time you literally didn't have a free minute after a call. You'd get in to work, log into your account for time-tracking, accept the first call, and when a call finished, you could count up to five and the next caller was in your ear, literally! 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, Beep: "AppleCare, how can I help you?" Just enough time to drink a sip of water real quick to moisten your throat. And the target for calls was no more than 10 minutes per call on average, which was managable after a while and with experience, but you can count how many people you will have spoken to at the end of the day with this workload. And even like that, I frequently had people on the line who were already in the waiting queue for 20-30 minutes already, before I got their call, making many of them impatient to begin with, understandably. Calls would also get recorded and you'd be rated conistently for your work and following internal guidelines, and customer satisfaction, adding to your pressure.  I don't know if this changed meanwhile, but if not, beware, this is a high-stress position for near minimum wage.
Work life balance during peak working season
Bad pay in the job
The secretiveness can take some getting used to.
Can't think of any. It's honestly the best company i've ever worked with!
Cant think of anything at the moment
interview takes a lot of time and the process is long
Not a lot of room to climb up the corporate ladder.
lack of professional progression, unless you're well loved and want to work towards management
a little too american for me.
- Compare to companies as Google, Facebook or Salesforces which are based in Ireland too, they all do free food, sport and free transport. Apple makes its employees pay for food, sport and transport. - Poor transport : bus are always late, bus are not regular, it’s so expensive for its service. Apple should get its own bus for its employees. It would reduce daily stress.
Retail hours aren’t so great, but that’s how retail is
Good benefit with family care leave
American Company, rigid on holiday leave, punctuality
buy sometimes with bunch of people
Salary is just average compare to market rate. With the earnings on quarterly basis and always emphasize ‘staff is an important asset’, but hardly see how much they are willing to show appreciation to their staff.
Expectation to cover quite a bit of overtime throughout the year
-Development not as good as they would like you to think -Stressful
- progression (particularly on product zone) is slow slow slow - seems very “right place right time”.  - If you’re interested in a creative position, Good Luck, those very rarely come up, and positions seem to be universally taken up by people who’ve worked for the company for 5+ years  - to continue the above point, things can feel like a bit of an Old Boys Club - but steps were being made to change that.  - at the end of the day, it is a retail job so you’re still dealing with general public! I think it’s particularly bad if you’re stuck in a mall rather than a stand alone store - but we had some Weird As Heck regulars to deal with, particularly notable at our store: a young autistic man with a penchant for harrassing young female memebers of staff.  - if you get sucked into Visual Merchandising (like I did) prepare to be very frustrated! It’ll keep you busy, but honestly VM can attract some very bossy, nuerotic people. The vibe from management is very if something is broken “why is this broken, why aren’t you fixing it” then, if you are fixing it “why aren’t you on the shop floor” Would I say avoid VM at all costs? No! Fab oppourtunities with new store openings and becoming a global mentor, but it might be more of a pain than it’s worth.  - it’s hard to stand out in such a big company, and hard to develop your Stock Competancies beyond “I can give extremely good customer Service.” There are very few oppourtunities for you to pick up niche little responsabilities (ie: at a previous retail job where the team was tiny, I wrote all the copy emails for our store) to keep you busy or pad out your experience beyond standard customer service. I’ve gotten a new job in marketing, and all of my examples at interview I had to pull from working in smaller business, or side projects (and if you want to get out of retail while working at apple I’m afraid you will need side projects)  - I really struggled with boredom on PZ during off seasons (ie: January - July), honestly I basically ended up taking over Visual Merchandising, not because I Love Fixing Display Cables but because I was so out of my mind bored.  - I appreciated the guesture but clapouts are absolutely mortifying. This varies store to store, but I hate clapping on command (makes me feel like trained animal) and some stores have a prescribed DOUBLE CLAP! For the staff - occasionally the mentality at apple can feel a little Cult-Like and the clapping really doesn’t help.  - People from corporate and people trying to go corporate are normally kind of Awful - robotic, brushed aluminium, humourless droids.
- Work Leaves hard to get
Long time work may be required
Micro management on a gigantic scale Extreme pressure to get rid of all customers as fast as possible. Management would literally start breathing down your neck if the duration any appointment exceeds 10 mins. Favoritism. Management unapproachable and mostly unavailable when help is needed. Explanation of each and every minute on the job is expected, even if stepping out for 1 minute to go to toilet (really!!!) Team night outs are MANDATORY. If missed, it is noted by management as an absence from work!!! The list could go on....
Not much innovative about the products
Management in any retail environment is usually the downfall to a good experience. No matter what iteration of a leadership team there is/was
-Not much progression -Get a lot of angry people speaking to you which can be quite off putting
- Very minimal opportunity to became management/corporate
to much politics in work all of them wants to be number 1
Firstly, the facility is quite isolated on top of a massive hill - there are a couple of busses (usually packed) going up there. There are no nearby shops that you could reach during your lunch break. Lunch break for the Call Centre Agents - 30 minutes. My colleagues were quite optimistic at the beginning, I saw them walk up to the cafeteria, queue for their food, then sit down for five minutes before running back downstairs. After a while, everyone decided to just eat at their desks or nearby. You have 8 minutes to do whatever you want to do during your day. That includes bathroom time. Be prepared to receive messages from a team that monitors your time keeping. You've exceeded your bathroom time? You went a little too far for your lunch break and are not back on time? Get prepared to justify why so. The "office" you will work in is a massive open space, countless people on the phone, which creates quite a noise at times.  These are all things I could have lived with - but: The Wellness centre doctors are completely useless. If you have a medical condition and need to urgently see a specialist, get comfortable. You will wait at least half a year. You think you need urgent medical assistance? You probably don't, according to the doctors there. Referral to specialists because you suspect an allergy or have developped weird symptoms? Feel like you need to see a psychologist? Don't expect them to offer you a referral. Also, make sure you book your appointments OUTSIDE your work time - if you can. Or book a holiday to see a doctor. Don't expect any special treatment if you have a medical condition that would require you to leave your desk sometimes. DO NOT listen to any promises you are made by any recruiter regarding health care and medical care if you have a medical condition. I had to find out the hard way. The recruiter's selling point is the "added benefits" but also their "relocation package" where you will be offered some money to move, just enough to make your way up here and start a living. By the way, you have to pay all that back once you decide to leave. After you have been recruited and have made your way to the headquarters, you will never hear from your recruiter again. You are angry because nobody is there to talk to? Nobody is there to answer your questions? To take responsibility for what you have been promised? To refer you to a doctor or tell you how to get started? Sorry, that's not included in Apple's generous benefit package.  Oh, and good luck finding accommodation in Cork!
Working at home can be lonely and isolating
Management is a bit disorganised. Career opportunities are limited beyond the store. So many overqualified people work there  There were times where the employees could see something was wrong and needed fixing but managers would just ignore it
- work becomes a routine, but that is expected with most jobs
Salary in retail environment is pretty average with career progression is limited
it might be hard to progress inside the company (a lot of competition)
- Work-life balance is a myth for some departments - Salary does not always match up to workload - Customer satisfaction obsessed
Draining and mentally exhausting job with no room for growth.
There wasnt much upward mobility
Not many positions to step up
working in support, hours can be exhausting.
some touch personalities, but that's given with any work place
no independent so there will be misunderstanding between managers
Job is stressful when it comes to senior level
Management (friend of a friend)
-Values can shift and differ depending on management. Started the job being told that numbers/metrics do not matter, and a year later it became the most important part of our employee development - crazy!
It is a retail job at the end of the day and progression is limited.
Stress can be unbearable and you need to find a balance because the benefits are amazing. Can feel like you aren’t contributing as the work gets done if you’re there or not.
None that I can think of, as the team and management keep all channels of communication open, allowing for a fantastic experience!
Hard to have a work life balance, underpaid job for a company as big as Apple, you have to deal with all kinds of customers and you'll have at least one rude customer a day. Schedules vary a lot and it's quite hard to have a weekend off.
Difficult to progress Intense retail environment
Punitive scheduling, cult like work culture, company uses pressure to motivate, criticising company procedures or work issues is career suicide.  Management quality varies wildly from extreme bullies to very talented
Next to impossible to move out of retail. The culture is often overly positive, management are often too soft on underperforming employees. Star performers picking up the slack for those that are either unskilled, lazy or both.
Highly competitive and sometimes take a lot of time
People often prompted without roles being advertised. Very hard to get a Corporate role from within retail.
Not a lot of opportunities to grow
Work & life balance Shiftwork Set break times
- They give you all this assistance because they know you'll eventually need it, especially anything mental - Obvious Favouritism, promises that never see fruition - Pigeonholing your own employees yet expecting them to execute every given task? - Not setting you up for success when it comes to Quarterly Connects - Managers often mob you and single you out - Their culture is getting old (secrecy, videos, clapping, etc) - Barely, if any, work-life balance
no life-work balance -very hard work
Can be come repetitive, a lot of competition to develop
Because company is so large, progression is slow and frustrating. Benefits are great but end of day pay can seem a little underwhelming considering how rich the company is and how hard we have to work, when sales assistants in other luxury retail roles are sometimes paid more.
Glass ceiling, nearly impossible to get a promotion.
- challenging to grow whether into other retail roles or to corporate
depending if you work in a mall that's open during the holidays, you will work crazy hours
Managment at the CR department is really bad I have never seen anything like it before. Been working for this company for so many years, moved then to CR and OMG, bulling, micromanagement, no trust in an employee. You can use the toilet when needed you have only max 10 min per day if you go above you are in trouble. This place it's like a working camp. They don't care about you, what they care about is their numbers!!! that's why the rotation at this department is huge they are always hiring because people are leaving or people are on sick leave or let go.
Gets super repetitive, not the place to make a good buck
Okay there will be a few -  • The management is awful. Apple really needs to work at employing managers who actually care about people and don’t just treat them as a number  • Certain availability - FORGET IT! You are working regardless of what you have planned  • Lack of windows in the shop, you never see sunlight  • THE MONEY. The job isn’t commissioned based and the money is crap. You deal with so many customers and know so much yet again get paid the same amount as probably a Superdrug worker  • I have visited many stores that I have worked in and I must say Brighton is the worst. AVOID AT ALL COST  • Prepare yourself for depression
not able to move horizontally
presssure not sure long time to get hires
Limited projects. No return offer. A lot ad-hoc work.
empowerment can be a bit better
Ever changing direction. Very top down driven
It has a very competitive management
Computers can also not be there.
Ridiculous goals, ignores sales targets but then has other targets hidden in everything a specialist does. They talk about innovation but that is only for customers not employees. Some managers are fantastic but the upper echelons do not care in the slightest. Your performance reviews are exceedingly difficult to do more than achieve expectations which is their baseline and almost impossible to exceed since they start with 100% and go up from there.
Apple should work more at there salary
Growth, other than that cannot think
Lack of Growth Average Compensation Highly Corporate
Maybe not a con and may be true for other workplaces as well, but you really have to put yourself out there to get noticed if you want to move positions.
Lot of duties, changes of decisions, promotions
None. Most of the people that aren’t satisfied aren’t willing to put in the time and effort to excel. If you are not ready to be fully transparent with your opportunities then this is not the place for you.
Lots of work, very busy
there is not very much money in it
part-timers end up working full-time hours but still maintain that title. paid sick days and vacation would be helpful.
Work Pressure Not much of Cons
- Keep changing work policies for management-side, almost forcibly (well-packaging as democratic) - Very excessive and strict policy to restrict information approaching (It makes me hard to feel that I am a member of the company.) - Very few career opportunities, including transfer or promotion
Shift work, working long hours during launch and Christmas
not challenging enough, no career opportunities outside of retail
Monitoring so closely breaks and lunch time
Tedious work, somewhat difficult to move into different sectors
yes this was a con
No work life balance
The management has little idea of what they are doing. They don't manage and they barely work. Simply collecting a check would be better than the meddling and gossiping they engage in to have employees compete with each other. A truly disappointing experience.
I wish there were more holidays
I don't have any idea about the challenges in this field because its my first time exposure but i will work hard to deal with it.
No work life balance
Progression to new roles is non existent. Management is really poor not in line to other employees . Hard work not noticed, full of yes man that make company culture non existent.
Not much to complain about...
- Serious favouritism by management, especially when it comes to promotions. There's a lot of talk about all these opportunities to move up, but if you're not one of the hardcore kool-aid drinkers, you won't get to move up no matter how good your results are. The jobs for higher positions are few and far between, and always go to the person who sucks up the most. You need to get permission to apply for new positions in the store. There's not really any retail to corporate growth (at least in my city). - Like all retail, customers can be really challenging, especially because they have absurdly high expectations for Apple. - Training on products was pretty poor. More service-based than technical or products based, which made interactions with customers very challenging. - Scheduling is a mess. Tough to get 2 days off in a row sometimes. Hours fluctuate a lot, some weeks you get 35, some weeks you get 8. NO paid sick days for part-timers, so if you're scheduled an 8 hour shift and its one of your only shifts that week, its either lose your paycheck or go into work sick. - Not much work-life balance on the retail schedule.
Retail hours, poor shift choices, 9 hour shifts with unpaid break instead of 8 hour with paid break, not allowed to have life outside of the company as their needs and hours come first (since it's not 9 to 5 this is difficult)
The progression can be quite slow. When wanting to Move into a role, others seem to be favoured at times.
you're never going to advance
Try to improve even its is already improved according to the human not as a human
I cannot recommend anybody to work at Apple whether as an Apple Home Advisor or working in Cork in Customer Service. Many things went wrong for me there. Below is the list:  - I was confirmed that I was hired by mail, then I was highly praised by the recruiter on the phone for that (it really sounded like fake congrats to me). I was told I would be contacted in the next 2 days. I got no news for 3 weeks. I kept calling and I could only reach the voice mail. Then when I wrote an email, I was told I should contact another contact person which I did. The new person in charge of my integration apologized. I didn’t know at that time it would not be the only problem I would have with Apple.  - Then came the equipment delivery story. As I wanted to take holidays before starting I wanted to know when the equipment would be delivered. I always got vague answers per mail like “we will send it next week” without further information. The problem in the company is that the recruiters (except the Recruitment Managers) calls with concealed numbers so you cannot reach them on the phone.  - Then, only a couple of days before starting the job I was asked if I could work with German language instead of French as they had a big need for German speakers. I refused as I started to be pissed with the lack of professionalism there.  - When I started there, even if I hadn’t high expectations, I could not expect that I would have such social outcasts for colleagues. I know how bad it is to talk badly about colleagues, I don’t like that, but it is good to know with whom you will potentially work if you take the job. In our team, one third of the team were very fat people (I do not make fun of them), one third are poor geeks crazy about Apple and other people who just look suspicious when you see them on camera (some appear with hoods, or other just refuse to appear on camera, etc). You just have the feeling that they decided to work from home to hide from the outside world. Most of them made me feel quite uncomfortable sometimes. We were trained by colleagues and managers based at Cork office, they were just like the same I had for colleagues (see above), people who have been living in Ireland over 6 years and who still speak an awful English…  - It is also important to mention that the job itself is completely uninteresting, extremely repetitive and that you do not have any leeway. Everything is scripted. We are quite far from the so-called creativity touted by Apple. This is just fiction.  - Then came the payslips problem. At Apple you are paid monthly. I was not paid for 2 months, yes it is! And it seems it happens sometimes there, so be prepared if you go there, get enough savings or you may end up on the streets!  The reason why I was not paid on time was because I entered the bank details too late. That was the first explanation from a not nice guy from HR which refused to give his first name that I asked only for a follow-up and not for complaining about him... Calling a second time I was informed that “Too late” meant that I entered the bank details only 1 month before due date… Yes, 1 month is not enough… They recognized that it was not normal, they apologized, they told me they would investigate blablabla… All this is not really serious but nothing is really taken seriously at Apple it seems.  - I was paid on Emergency Tax because I did not enter the PPS number in the proper format. I was informed about it but I could not get a fix about what the proper format is, nobody could tell me even when I was still working there. Nobody thinks outside the box. Scripts. Scripts. Scripts...  - Otherwise, I am still struggling to get all my money back and it takes a lot of effort calling Revenue to explain them that weird case.  The problem with Apple is that they are based in Cork and not so many people want to go there, so they have to go with what they can get.  Some bad reviews disappeared since when I saw them before applying for Apple at Home Advisor. I cannot say why. However, many companies in Ireland ask their employees to make nice reviews on Glassdoor so...  This review only reflects my experience, it may be different for you.
salary, limited contract, necessity to wake up too early
Environment can become stale Management can micromanage too much
I can say that when I work under pressure I do not communicate my concerns. But I think that is good.
Absurd shift patterns. The online store likes to test the limits of employment law in relation to rest periods. Upper management have become notoriously pressurising and like to mirco manage to the extent that it is hard to tell whether it is for the the good of the company or just plain bullying. I would not recommend working for Apple unless you have experience being treated as a number.
Long working hours as you get more responsibility. As they recognize and offer many opportunities for career progression, some managers in the non customer support departments may lack in leadership skills leading to less supervision for the team.
not the best leadership, they are only focus on results but they don't tell you
Pizza maker or butcher can be your manager(no offense but people who is no capable to manage their personal schedule can be your manager)
micro - management due to the natural of the role, limited positions available in Australia
Zero work life Balance. If you get a bad shift your stuck with it for three months. Very stressful job, taking up to 80 calls per day. No real support for the senior team. Its a call centre job like every other one but they try to tell you you're better as this is for "Apple"
hard work, requires exceptional people skills, negotiating skills, and composure, not amazing work life balance
the salary was not as good as antispicated
Over worked, underpaid. Micromanagement the definition. Daily discrimination. Tenure means nothing, years in service mean nothing. Pay structure flawed to a point career progression was not an option. Favouritism is rife and if you ain't willing to get your nose dirty then good luck!
Sometimes can be a bit toooo busy at weekends Some customers sometimes want us to do things that are out of our control or we can’t do for them.
Pressure cooker environment, top down driven, horrible tools and processes
I cannot think of any cons.
Poor management, poor further improvemt
none at the moment to share
nothing bad to add
Career development is highly competitive, however, the moment you express interest in a particular pathway, you will be given all the tools, training and experience required to be endorsed for when an opportunity arises.
- low salary compared to the work you need to do - most of the managers are mediocre - management's attitude towards employees vs. customers - a lot of falsehood going around
relatively the salaries are low compared to other MNCs like google and microsoft.
A lot of blind corporate trust
racial discrimination within the office. not so comfortable with some people in the management team that works in China but looks down on Chinese people.
Let me start by saying that the position has very little enterprise left in it due to the fact that Apple is making very little money from their professional products and some of them have been discontinued/phased out or replaced with their consumer counterpart. This is a glorified consumer support nowadays, with ALL the implications of it. I would not be surprised if they will outsource it too.  When I started, we were supposed to support Pro apps/servers/SOHO integration. By the end of the first year, 1 pro app was discontinued, the other two had very little call volume (meaning that only people using them privately knew how to support them), training for servers was left to people's goodwill (or naivety, depending on the point of view) since apple did not care about their servers and SOHO was a sorry joke about assisting old people resetting their routers. If you have any skills, this position is a slap in the face, if not an hindrance to your career. Unsurprisingly, by the end of my second year, 94% of my team of 15 people had been replaced with much less skilled advisors, which are also payed less.  During the week, 90% of your daily activity at apple will be trying to "convince" people with blocked phones that the consumer- hostile policy you are trying to push their way makes sense, all the while repeating nonsensical pre-written statements about how happy you are the customer is using apple. And don't forget to ALIGN! whatever that means. You work on Saturday/Sunday for no reason, since the kind of service does not require availability, and you get maximum two calls (about locked phones). Enjoy sitting there for hours doing nothing on the weekend.  Nowadays, it is just call after call from angry people forcefully transferred by the outsourced t1, which uses every possible excuse to transfer enraged people your way, just to avoid getting a bad survey.  The training provided is cheap, in particular after the few experts have been forced to leave, and also totally for your own development useless you want to stay in that same position your entire life. You can get their certifications but you will not really be able to use them outside of apple. You should really put all your efforts into taking a couple more expensive certifications from other vendors and then just leave.  Due to the fact that many people are buying into the rationale that being part of a big company gives them prestige or personal value, apple will always have a cohort of drones ready to replace the ones that open their eyes and leave. Having some sort of public persona (like being part of some public organization or organizing public events) will boost your career incredibly, since apple will be able to put their hat on it, while doing 0 for it. In that case, you will be promoted as soon as it is technically possible, which means 6 months. As a consequence, career paths are 100% reliant on your social skills and 0 or your actual skills/work ethic. It has become a recurring joke with one of my ex colleagues (an engineer) which applied to a position, only to have a guy flipping burgers in mcDonalds being hired instead of him.  The people working there are among the worst I have ever met. Cronyism is rampant, with people referring relatives/friends and then giving each others kudos in the end of the year review or abusing the WOW, to boost their stats and be promoted.  Some will go out of their way to downplay others, quite often starting real wars between teams to either make themselves look better or to diminish other people's results. Managers using WhatsApp to discuss work related matters.  Team nights were relatives/partners are invited.  One thing I have never seen anywhere else that often happens in apple is that someone will make up an issue and its solution, and then go around advertising the fake issue as the most important and critical of all. Then of course they come up with the solution and they get credited by their managers, which are not going to waste time trying to double check facts.  Some other people have built their careers by rewriting public facing articles in the internal wiki and "selling" them as their own original work to their managers.  Unless you want to live in Cork, which is a nice city but does not offer much, you can only work from home. If you work from home, your career chance reaches negative values. You are going to be cut off from any social activity and be checked for every action. There is no way for you to be moved to the office unless you move to another department, which will not consider your application unless you are already in Cork. Just don't do it.  Any kind of criticism is heresy and will turn you into an outcast.  The salary is lower than the market average, which they try to even out by giving you a discount on their product every 3 years and a couple of shares every year.  One of their benefits should be paying for your training/certifications, but they only pay you Apple certifications from Pearsonvue, which they later do not allow you to have on your personal account, so keep that piece of paper safe since there is no way to get a duplicate or a link to it.  They will use leftovers from the kitchen to have "free food" events for employees. Enjoy your diarrhea. The food is expensive and the quality is poor.  You are forced to watch their boring commercials during team meetings and pretend you like them.
No cons as of now
Often too much structure and a tendency to micro-manage, overly hierarchical. Too much fuss about Agile and sprints. Not exactly supportive for creative ideas for the majority
- Not much RSUs if you are not in a certain grade - Most decisions are made by teams in US and have to be complied to - Tough hiring process
Occasional long hours, but not too bad
No loyalty, new hires received higher compensation whilst current employee salaries stagnated.
Workload, expectations impossible to achieve in regular work week. Insufficient staffing levels.
Customers would sometimes come in with the most ridiculous of requests for their own mistakes and Apple would cover for it, but for the customer with a normal issue, they sometimes would be turned away with a fat cost to pay for their device. Didn't think that was fair. Also, it was always incredibly busy.
Low reward ,no incentives, no information admist any ajustment on worker performance.
- unless you were consistently kissing up to managers, you had no hope of moving up. - coworkers will through you under the bus to make themselves look better. - there is a complete lack of support from management to help achieve goals. - targets were often set higher than the amount of stock provided in your region, making it completely unobtainable. - salary is no longer competitive in the market whatsoever, retail workers earn more than ASCs do. - working Wednesday to Sunday means you will never NEVER have a stable work life balance. - God forbid you “be yourself”. You can be you, but only if it’s a watered down, apple approved version of you.
Customer service, low pay, difficult to move from store to corporate, although career experiences are regularly offered.
Hiring process is really long . Takes forever.
shift work, work alone, difficult to get whole weekend off, can be stuck on late shifts with finish at 20:00-20:30, no partial days can be taken, cutomers have big expectations, not too many options for developing carrier further if not willing to locate to Cork.
So many but here goes-  - most employees are brainwashed, to the extent that you have to question whether you are talking to a real human being with feelings and emotions or someone you know is so manipulated that you have to watch every word you say.  - you have to join conference calls at 11pm, 1am, 3am, 4am, 6am. You have to join them. They tried to curb it but nothing changed and if you don't join you'd be told off for it. No matter the circumstances.  - you are called into meetings or have to attend other people's meetings. I calculated the hours per week in meetings and on average it worked out at around 25 hours per week. Most of the time it's just another employee glorifying their own project which is nothing to do with you.  - there is an awful culture of micro-management, everything is micro-managed. It makes you question whether it would be quicker if the manager just did the job, but they're too busy so you're just there to handle the projects that trickle down that your manager should be doing.  - the pay is competitive, but competitive just means they're paying the same as other corporates that are under paying there staff.  - there is no social life to this job. No one goes for drinks or socialises with each other. They're too busy or too tired from work. It's quite depressing really.  - once a week you get called into an all hands meeting where someone talks about how great we're all doing and every one stands there and claps in a righteous way, it's like North Korea.  - you need to be on emails from 6am to 12am. Everyday. If you leave work at 6pm, you better get home, have dinner and be expected to answer emails by 7pm. You will be cautioned if you don't answer emails outside of office hours. It still haunts me "you never work outside of office hours", "well yes I do because I'm on 4 hours of conference calls between 6pm and 6am, and you don't pay for me working outside of office hours"  - if you step 3 meters away from your computer without locking it you will be cautioned.  - if you go to the sound system and pick a playlist that isn't Katy Perry or the Weeknd, then someone will scuttle over and change it within 30 seconds, and I mean scuttle...like a little crab.  - the meeting room booking system is convoluted. There are about 59 meeting rooms, but you can't use them because they are restricted for more important people who don't use them.  - I remember in the early days they said "don't use linkedin or update your profile otherwise we'll know you're looking for a new job"  - everyone is busy and stressed all the time. It's not a nice environment to be in.  - the Christmas party was more like a funeral.  - the churn rate is shocking, people you just start to get along with just disappear and they can't say they're leaving, so all of a sudden you're left with the old timers, again.  - whenever there is a live stream from cupertino you have to stay late and watch, which would be fine if they attempted to make an effort to keep us in until 8:30pm. But they don't, you sit there in these really uncomfortable chairs, and there's this one person who goes "woo" when something is announced when most of us just want to get home to our families.  - everyone is so serious all the time.  - HR should stand for horrendous robot. Because that is what it is. You log a ticket then if you're lucky you get an email from someone who didn't read your ticket and can't speak to them and it takes about 10 days for a reply every time. Remember, you are just another cog in the machine so you don't have the right to one on one support for HR.  - for a company that has the most money in the world you'd expect the best benefits in the world. But if anything they're average at best. When you read a review saying the benefits are good, it's because they're better than some laundrette in Kansas.  - if you have a family, please don't bother. They don't care that you have anything else important in your own life but Apple.  - I probably don't have to mention this but I'm putting it in for the keywords. There is no work/life balance. There's work and work. I've seen Apple employees at a gig sneak off to be on a conference call.
Everything. No social life, bid shift process a joke
Working from home, pro at first until you begin to lose your mind after about 6 months, Taking a massive amount of phone calls up to 50 a day can be extremely stressfull no real help only a Skype chat with other agents in the same boat, short break time 15mins in the morn, 30 mins lunch and 15mins in the evening, working day Varys 12-8 8-4.30 9-5.30, If you have weekends off you are likley going to be working 12-8 during the week,
Job is stressful and atmosphere is suffocating.
I found there wasn’t enough support for employees in this particular position
Direct manager unprofessional,didn't know how to do her job and instead of calming down employees she did the opposite. Even during companies events she got very wasted.. other than that,all ok.
Management is not that good, you are treat as a person, you are just a number and you work.
Working from home can be challenging
- Scheduling is an issue with any retail job, they try their best to balance your schedule but its hectic when some of your days go from 9 to 6 and the next day is 12 to 9
Fast paced Too many customers
flat organization, less movement vertically,
- KPIs are VERY FREQUENTLY changed. It's like management cannot make up their minds what they want. It really makes our life tough having to hear negative performance reviews month on month when we try so hard.  -No annual bonuses and no performance bonuses either. They provide yearly measly increment. This happens once a year at between no increment at all to a maximum of $200.  -Not many opportunities for growth if you want to move from a technical or customer service department to an internal department.
short contracts and can be left go with a weeks notice. no job security. Also applied thinking it was a 3 day shift, got there told sorry its 5, suck it up or list of people behind you who will take it.
Only cons are the contracts
NO work life balance. Run you into the ground until you mentally & physically breakdown. Lacking awareness around women in the work environment and how we are spoken too. I think they are afraid to have the crucial conversations around hard topics. A lot of internal politics
Fast paced environment for some people.
No move into corporate/graduate schemes. If you don't want to inevitably end up managing a shop selling electronics to get results then don't work here. This will end up a retail trap that employees cannot escape.
Micromanaging leaders who don't listen/take feedback/are quick to say no, toxic environment, unequal pay, favoritism, penny pinching on hours and overtime
You will be stuck in this position
zero chance of promotion from genius (managers were all external hires, who used to be store or regional managers elsewhere)
Would have given 0 stars if possible.  Downright abusive and biased managers Non-existent HR Lack of transparency to staff on decision making Political games between high level management
Can have more scope for technology
Only want profit. The admin only deny and don’t care. They’re there to oppress you. Their goal is profit and going further up. They’re not even really happy with their lives.
not so many opportunities to progress when working at home
Leave training, mentors and you find your manager is the worst bully you have ever had to deal with. Intimidating, nothing positive or motivating to say just one constant nit pick after another all about how they want to be seen by management.  The bullying by some managers is disgusting Remove them they have no place at Apple..  They are quite clearly poor sods with low self esteem trying to make themselves look more powerful by being on a power trip.. Apple take note this is extremely destructive to your reputation..  Other than that it’s a great job
The retail arm of the business has become arrogant and bloated. Politics is rife and 'perception' is the main message of success. It often looks like a popularity context. Steve's message of 'simplify, simplify, simplify' has been forgotten. A product line up where you can't justify why there are so many SKUs in a line up? 1990s Apple without the financials?
- High stress job, employee's should be paid MUCH more for the work they do. - Cult like company values, if you don't LOVE apple, (or pretend too) do not expect to go very far. - In order to climb the ladder and get promoted, an employee MUST act as if the company can do no wrong. - No commission, very little day-to-day incentive to sell products or go the extra mile. - Terrible work life balance. (for full-time employee's) - Tends to be a very NEGATIVE work environment. I would not recommend the job to anybody who has difficulty keeping their cool in high stress situations or with a history of mental health issues. Get used to being disrespected by customers. (like most retail jobs)
Little to no bonuses Hectic Work ethic
Some managers think their staff are robots, all they think is company profits. A lot of politics inside especially in the operations side.
I was not employed by Apple, I was just given the false promise that I had made it through the extensive interviews and that they were gonna let me (and others) know when they have positions opening up. I went on about 5 interviews all spaced out a month apart from each other throughout the course of the year. Afterwards, I get a phone call saying that I had passed the interviews - but no written confirmation. I waited about a year after all this process to hear back from them, and emailed them multiple times to check on the progress. They gave the same answer every time: "Once a position opens up, we will let you know." One email was completely ignored, and I eventually gave up altogether.
everything was awesome so nothing that was negative
Can’t think of any
It’s very hard to ‘stand out from the crowd’ and even when you do, recognition is hard to come by in any tangible way.
Work-life balance is not great
Marcom operation managerment is arrogant, rude, raise her voice yell at lower level employees.
There is nothing much really. Mgt appreciates feedback from staff and will review what has been brought up in order to improve.
Favouritism by management is a big problem and inconsistent salaries/raises. No commission while congratulating you for making them millions. Terrible schedules and work life balance since they switched to an automated scheduling system. Almost no one technical seems to make it to management.
Lack of communication with managers. Unfair metric reviews. Managers are not giving you the motivation you need to get better. In general the overall experience was very bad.
Too long the working hours.
fast paced nature can be overwhelming
Once you’re a manager, you’re invincible. People get treated so poorly. Bullying is everywhere and if you speak up, you get pushed out. So much for feedback.
Wonderful appotunity to share my opinions
- Very noisy but you have to deal with it - Recruitment is a very long process. It can take about 3-4 weeks to be hired - Personal development is rare
- At a store level you must be a favourite of the leadership team to advance
- Most roles don't have any career path - Managers are high IQ low EQ
it would be all hand on deck
Huge organisation sometimes can be very hard to manage. Information is top-down
The managers at SDM team are one of the most 'cruel' people I've met in my career. The systems Apple uses for its supply chain operations are quite ancient, and this role literally replaces humans with computers, allowing lots of room for errors. People are verbally abused for making errors here. I've have seen a pregnant woman crying and begging to go home, but her manager forced her to complete the work!- Manager got promoted. The culture is very hostile and people fear to speak up to their bosses. Some mustered courage and raised it to the HR, but surprisingly the HR did nothing! Most SDM managers dont give a damn about your career progression. I am really shocked to smart people from INSEAD etc. joining Apple SDM to do such dumb monotonous work!
Low pay with inadequate facilities
managerial ,organisational cultur3 needs to be enhance
Not always being to sort peoples problems out with your knowledge is a shame. The low pay for the base specialist is a con of the job
- Micro managing - Scheduling
Some stores have terrible layouts Products and software for use on the job don’t work often Metrics based work, and getting even more metrics based as the years go on Progression can be slow unless you talk about the role you want every day and badger managers Very high pressure Emotionally draining Physically draining Sometimes people don’t even get a chance to drink water unless they’re on their break A lot expected of you Culture can be a lacking feature although this can be said of many companies but Apple could still do better Shift patterns are all over the place and your body never knows when to sleep (only in certain stores that are open long hours) Business expectations have changed dramatically over the past two years and people are being paid less and everyone in the store is expected to be a sales person driving business and goals for the business even if it’s not relevant to the customer in front of you Micro management from other employees working hard to get a promotion Training used to be amazing and now it’s the worst I’ve ever seen/done Less quality hiring which means less quality work overall You are the face of having to charge customers ridiculous prices for repairs and telling them it’s going to be a long time to repair it too and you’re still expected to make every customer happy You get marked on customer feedback even if there’s nothing you could have done to make the situation any better
Super fast progression is not very easy.
Cult mentality, you better LOVE Apple. Like any othher retail job it can get stressful as hell. Especially during the holidays
Strong feeling of favouritism. To get the job you want, you need to go through another 3 step interview and there is always a chance someone less qualified or hasn’t been with the company as long as you climbing above you Managers are unhelpful with personal development Depending on your role, it may feel monotonous
Do not have a clear career path
This is probably one of the most morally reprehensible companies I have ever worked for. It is clear that not only it is a cult (think of Goebbels scale propaganda events), they appear to want to be relevant to every disaster there is - using events as an excuse to pat themselves on the back for answering a few goddamn phone calls. I quit in disgust at not only this but the behaviour that I witnessed.  They promise you a permanent contract, however it is not worth the paper it is written on. Some advice, when working for an American company, always, ALWAYS have a backup plan. I had already worked for a few Yank companies so was feeding my resume out even after hire, I had something to go onto, many don't. They will lure you in with a relocation package, then illegally send you documents that they want you to sign AFTER relocation and the commencement of the job. What is in these documents? Backdated forms stating that if you sign you will pay them back every penny of relocation if you quit within 12 months, essentially you're an indentured slave for that 12 month period. I didn't sign. Others did as they did not know what and why they were signing as they could not understand the papers. They were fired later and walked away with nothing.  Apple will hold your contract over your head and basically blackmail you. If you don't meet their "stats" (which, by the way are rigged), they'll threaten you, then blackmail you with ending your contract then threaten you some more. It's laughable that they seem to think this is appropriate management strategy or conduct.  They will also illegally deduct things from your wages -make sure if you work here you check your paystubs EVERY month. Also make sure that you're familiar with employment laws in the country you're working for. Apple seem to think they are above the law, they're not and I had to seek legal advice whilst working for them.  You're also not able to speak freely to anyone, they cultivate a very 1984 vibe. Always look over your shoulder, the smallest thing will be taken out of context and repeated to management. They encourage people to crawl over the dead bodies of their comrades in order to get ahead, think "corporate hunger-games", it's disgusting.  As for management, walking adverts for psychopathy if ever I have seen one. All management care about is themselves, it's not what you know it's who you know, so most management are busy climbing up the back holes of the people above them. They'll promise you career growth but the reality is, there is none. It's more of a sideways shuffle.  There's no room for thought or creativity, they're just looking for automatons, drones if you will. It's quite disturbing observing the vapid gazes, backstabbing and culture of fear that permeates the place. Think legitimized scientology if you want an idea on how it is to work there. ..and for some weird reason they think it's appropriate to bribe workers with candy. Candy. I work for money not flipping candy. There's a tendency to infantilise the worker.  And sexism. lots of misogyny and sexism. They just pay lip-service to their anti-discrimination policy (and if you declare a pre-existing condition to your manager, be prepared to have this work against you in direct contravention of anti-discrimination laws, not their policy, but actual laws).  It's terrible. Absolutely terrible (think eight minutes allocated in the day to pee terrible), so think long and hard about working there before you apply and think "am just able to use them and get the experience I need and get out without having my soul crushed?" before you even sign the contract.  They bank on their reputation to get young ones in, then chew them up and spit the out, the incidents of depression and depressive behaviour in the call centres are HUGE. If you value your individuality, mental health and humanity, look elsewhere for work.  I do realise that they pay people to flood these sites with glowing reviews, so if you've made it this far then clearly you shouldn't be applying.
Some rules are very strict such as not wearing the apple shirts outside work . Some introverts really kill the positive vibe of the stores Lots of employees have their own group circles which make it difficult to work with them . Some guys are intentionally rude to customers and brag about it .
Work life balance and shifts
So fast paced you have no time to catch up on what you're supposed to learn. High call volumes with literally seconds between them. Calls can last anywhere between a couple of minutes and a couple of hours for really difficult issues. Once you get to a certain level it gets much harder to increase pay. Some senior people hadn't a clue and got where they were because of who they know. Overall, good for a shile to build experience.
Can get lost amongst so many employees
Any of the retail positions are not Monday-Friday but this is expected
I can't think of any cons
Extremely stressful and busy environment . Non-existent life/work balance. Long overtimes required 3-4 times a year. No socialising events, isolation is a huge problem for AHA. Very limited career progression for AHA. Open 365 days a year, 8am-8pm, no free weekends or holidays. More tenured advisors are under enormous pressure as they’re prioritised in call queue, 10s breaks between the calls. Salary cap of 30k. No option of relocation outside of Ireland.
- Customers are terrible - Some colleagues bring the whole team performance down and leadership can't really fire them without spending a significant time with them on a development plan.
You have to watch your back at all times slight thing is passed to management to get you out they get bonus to shop on you. Having a medical condition effects when can have lunch is a issue for them as you are seen as non flexible and punished for that Forced to leave due to it BE warned work there but dont say anything can be used against you
Pricy but ok for a giant tech company
Very little incentive to excel in your role Rate of pay is lower than industry average for the type of role Store leadership generally have very little understanding of the role and are never aligned with directives set by market and business leaders. Lack of career progression No commission even though on average a person in this role may contribute anywhere between 250k - 1 million in sales per quarter in this role.
TOP down nature, secrecy which turns into no collaboration and lack of innovation and treating customers and partners as piggy banks ain’t fun
The CEO only cares about earning money.
Inconsistent amount of hours given for part-timers on a weekly basis, overworked full-timers, annual wage increase is not a lot
Leadership Development & Global perspectives that relate to all Geo's
Big company so so much work to do
It's hard to progress in an apple store as many employees stay with the company for a long time and little roles get open up.
Low salary and not enough overtime available
The company image is more important than the individual team members.
Everyday is a new challenge the main challenge was to maintain the excel sheet and arrange then in proper manner after collecting it from colleagues. But that was fun learned so many things.
Management part could have done better, human resource department should improve on handling recruitment processes, stressing sometimes during rush hour
While from the outside it seems amazing, and everyone I meet comments on how lucky I am to work from home there are major cons: - As you work from home your "Team leader" will constantly be on you about the work you are doing. I have been asked during one on one meetings with the team leader why I had over 5 minutes of "Away" time on certain days. Away time is what is used for bathroom breaks, on one those days I had gone to the bathroom for over what Apple finds acceptable. If you need to use the bathroom they (in not so many words) urge you to hold it in until one of your lunch breaks - As you work from home you are closely monitored, this is done by your "Aux" usage (How long you are available to take calls, on lunches, bathroom breaks, etc.) as well as by: - Recording everything you do on your screen, so if you have any downtime that you're not on calls DO NOT use your work computer to get on any of your personal websites, as your manager may review the recording later and be able to see everything you've done. This include when you're on your lunch breaks. - They will also monitor everything you say. There have been times I have been reprimanded for talking about customer issues to my S/O while on my lunch breaks. My work computer is in another room but the microphone can just barely pick up conversations that are had. If you want to talk privately to anyone in your home make sure to disconnected from the Apple VPN and shut down the computer.  Another con of the job is that, since you work from home you are technically always at work. I have had "co-workers" long on hours after their shifts end because they are "Bored" and decide to work on a customers case.  Also as you progress higher in the company (To a Tier 2) you will be staying back from work a lot to make sure everything is taken care of for your customer, as well as can have your holidays cut short if a customer wishes to talk to you (this depends strongly on the manager, but I have had my manager call my on holidays and ask to email a customer back)  One last thing, working from home can get very lonely. While you do have a chat to talk to other people in Apple, there is no face to face chatting or hanging out after work. At times this can lead you to feel isolated especially as sometimes you may not leave your house for 5 days at a time depending on your schedule.
Sometimes long hours and overnight shifts. Working full time in retail really get's to you and your work life balance does take a hit.
Very demanding, have to keep up with training and stats at all the time.
none to note, all was good
Management decisions on promotions and opportunities
Low low low low salary.
shame about their staff abroad
Long Hours with customers but luck of the draw
Secretive ("need to know") and therefore silo-ed. Rarely work with colleagues outside your immediate responsibilities  Extremely lean teams and zero work life balance  In spite of reputation for innovation / start-up thinking, my experience was one of rigid rules and process, in other words, corporate as you like  No empowerment to change or impact ways of working ("We've always done it this way")  Cupertino makes all the important decisions and they lead the geo teams by the nose  Poor systems drive manual work and do little to support analysts  Café Macs is expensive and poor quality
Working hours. Boring routine.
- Schedule is inconsistent (like any retail job most likely) - Once you get promoted to the peak of what is available within retail, thats it and not much else to strive for - Deal with pretty awful customers at times
Lack of opportunities to move upwards
Shift patterns should be egalitarian Apple say that patterns are won on merit, however despite hitting all metrics consistently I have never been awarded a shift that I requested.
-Frustrating career advancement options. -Slow development of career
your working time is long.
Pay isn’t as competitive Management favouritism Some customers can be aggressive A lot of ‘cheering’ Micro management Constantly changing products
I am happy enough, really !
Nothing, great part time job
Hard to progress, especially in a sales role Can be cliquey but I guess that’s what you get when you gather big groups of extroverted people HR can be hard to access
the hours are too long
The drive in if you don’t live in the city can be a bind
people are rude and customers are annoying
Sometime 14 hours working then some of staff is late
Sometimes there's no boundary between work and personal life
Shifts, breaks and Management very poor.
Personal development is often compromised by busy times
N/A. 19 18 17 16 15 14 13 12 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
No photos or videos taken there
I have not found any
None. Was a great place to work.
A day to day struggle working with management that does not care and would rather listen to customers over employees. The management at the Southgate branch are more like vultures, they become greedy for anything on the floor and they do not care for your well being. There have been many employees who break down and cry in the warehouse because they don’t know what else to do. Southgate Apple is a terrible place to be for your mental health.  It’s honestly a daily survival to see if you do not die from the constant stress and pressure you receive from disrespectful customers and management.
Feel like being brain washed at times about the Apple thing...
Can get very crazy in launches
Limited chances of promotion, Career progress is slow.
Very strict on where at what you can say about the company Can sometimes become overwhelming on the shop floor
no cons in my opinion
there are no cons, great place to work
Too many people, too many internal fights, too much money, so the company may seem to be far from reality
Broken culture, enterprise leadership is comprised of inexperienced managers with no enterprise business background, logo and brand not living up to the expectations of customers to provide vision and thought leadership, trust is non-existent amongst leadership and their team members
Long hours, crazy customer, :-))
No work life balance for those under corporate, without managerial role Poor HR policy Political working environment Poor GP and Specialist benefit for non-IA
They preach about making the customer happy, yet you always lead genius or floor leaders who rudely interrupt your appointments when you try to create a good journey for your customer only for someone to try and rush you which at the end you don’t give the very best experience as you have to rush. Have the time when you need support you normally don’t get it. Too much politics No work balance whatsoever The work place is a first work place and I’m sure if schedule planing was done properly staff would be able to have 2 days off to rest instead of splitting off days, people go to work tired!
No face to face connection with colleagues - being at home. Set work hours leaving little room for changing without planning in advance.
- Very fast paced - Basically everything changes in under a week
Hard to find work life balance.
Busy workload on big launch days of new prodcuts
I can't think of anything
If you are naturally empathetic and you truly care about others, this job will destroy you emotionally and mentally. I started here with loads of confidence and a few years later I am a shell of myself. Targets are achievable to begin with but managers up them all the time, and you are singled out if you have any trouble. Options to progress but only if you're willing to do a lot of work for that role in advance without any extra pay or recognition. Very poor work life balance or attention to mental health for people working at home - when you complain you are told you are negative or "well what do you suggest and we'll fix it!". This happens even though every meeting the managers talk about how important mental health is.
Customers are ruthless when they’re products don’t work as expected. very difficult to remain composed. Sometimes an exhausting job because of how busy it can be and the extent of enthusiasm that must be displayed at all times
Customers, need I say more.
Not enough opportunity for employee to develop, company cut many program for optimize the operation cost. Also salary are huge different on employee.
Shocking management, under qualified management who are in the roles for who they know not what they know
No clear career path. Progression is limited. Jump through ALOT of hoops
Secretive environment, poor leadership and absolutely NO work life balance
Nothing bad as of yet
None that I can think of
Ridiculous micromanagement Feels like you are a child in a school regardless of your age Very fake culture from management You have to clap a lot New starters will always get paid more
I think it is not a position for you to grow your skills
A lot of Work, less free time
Highly political - everyone has an agenda Expect long hours when required - late calls/weekends before launch
need to work on weekends/holidays if required.
Have not yet experience any negatives, but I would imagine that working during the holidays may be overwhelming and stressful.
Strict working hours, not very flexible if you need it.
Development difficult within the team
the only con I would say is that it can be slightly clique at times but I think thats just because everyone is so close with one another.
Bad Management, Micromanages everything, workload increases with no end in sight
Gradually decreasing trust in employees, we're allowed less autonomy every year. Technical Specialists aren't paid any more than normal specialists despite requiring additional training and dealing with more difficult customers. Can be VERY difficult to get promoted, especially if you're part-time, and there is a ceiling that most of the best employees hit within 5 years or so.
Direct management is good, but that’s about as far as it gets. There’s a lot of pressure to hit targets, if you don’t it can cause issues. There’s a lot of strain with work load. Your not recognised for the amount of work that you do. And it’s VERY hard to progress within the company if you don’t know the right people. Mostly the lack of support will get you down and can cause a lot of stress. It is very disheartening to not get the recognition for the work you do. You can be given empty promises to encourage you to do something. Frontline is very challenging, Physically and mentally... they say support is available and encourage you to use it but when you try and get that they say it’s not something they can’t support.
Long hours Politics as usual
Probably no return offers as Apple does not usually hire fresh graduates for permanent roles.
prefect, something i will always look forward too
some of the scenarios can get really repetitive so it can be difficult to always remind enthusiastic especially when there is that over the top happy ethos at the company.
- Shift - Management can be a bit close sometimes - Christmas holidays not possible most of the time
Customers can be so damn entitled.
There aren't many I can think of
disliked ot big enough discounts on phones
no free food, short break and lunch!
Strict policy for what you can do on and off the workplace.
Feels like you are part of a cult sometimes. No commision etc but they push hard for you too sell Apple Care (part of probation)
Team Spirit is not natural and stress a lot
-Not for those who don't do well with fast-paced, demanding environments
Unfortunately the company turned out to be nothing special (although with an over-inflated sense of their own importance) and my manager ended up being a bullying micromanager who was protected by the company structure - essentially only lip service paid to any sense of doing the right thing.
Scheduling is chaotic: Employees are numerous enough and have varied enough preferences that scheduling could be made basically perfect for everyone. Instead, it is left up to software algorithms which result in random days off and shift times that cause an exhausting effect (Wednesday off, open Thursday, close Friday, Open Saturday, Monday off.. etc)  An overemphasis on "cultural fit" instead of merit causes a feeling of bias regarding promotions and career growth - a team member who excels in rankings, feedback and performance may find themselves passed over for promotions when a new person with no merit but a plucky attitude gets a position.  Customer interactions can be intense. This isn't a con if you thrive in this sort of environment.
Very busy and hectic life style
There were pre set cliques and some of the old staff weren't so welcoming of new staff
Managment is not the best in here
Treated like children in terms of autonomous working, sick leave, shifts  Terrible office space located in a basement with no windows
Limited growth opportunities within the company Going from Retail to Corporate almost never happens Feels more like a 'transitional job' (a great one by the way) then a 'career job'  I was a part timer so for me the company is 5 stars. But if I were looking to stay beyond a part time position my outlook would be different.
work life balance need to improve
The job is not very flexable
Sometimes you have really hard deadlines
The customers are the worst. And retail scheduling is a nightmare. They want you to use their own doublethink language and it gets annoying as all get out.
Working at home may cause some social life problems
There's none and its great service
Huge organisation, food, lack of newness, travel
There is a lot of pressure to work long hours
not very flexible working schedule
Expecting to work more. Cant think of anything else
average salary, not good support of employment visa
Very marmite-ie you love or hate Apple. If you don't believe Apple is changing the world you'll start to dislike attitude very quickly. Pay is below average for roles. Very cut throat atmosphere.
i work only for money.
Very rigid, full on work. Not for the faint hearted
Being made feel like a number all the time
Not enough private working spaces for focused work.
-long working hours during NPI -slow career path -good pay for fresh graduate
Speaking on behalf of some stores in China: Recruited good candidates, yet gave them a total lack of training/responsibilities. Overlooked by store level leadership all the time, and no real skill development except the so-called "competencies" which are useless outside of Apple, the so-called retail revolution is nothing but adding hierarchy in the retail system and cutting operational cost, most of employees I met were dissatisfied with the regional leadership, the retail leadership exudes arrogance and total ignorance of employee interests, regional retail culture is no longer about "innovation" and "openness" but is highly political, insincere and incompetent -- constantly giving out a conceited impression: "we're Apple, therefore we're always right!" Well, are you though?
Non Cons for company, thanks.
Favouritism, stressful, unappreciated, customers shouting at you, overwhelming at times
Not friendly, very aggressive, boring
Work life balance could do with some improving.
just like any retail, working weekends and holidays
The organisation is very secretive and hence to have a silo effect
Several years away from being able to meet the demand so the personal toll of the constant high stress and pressure environment wears a lot of people down. Store leadership work hard, suspect it is the executive leadership which is driving unrealistic performance targets.
- Highly variable management style ranging from downright abusive to supportive. Unfortunately those are not driven by your own performance but by sub team culture and politics - have to move up and across - homogeneous culture - lack of inspiration and innovation
Nothing particularly. It is all worth it at the end.
Too demanding , No fun , No respect
Manager had no idea how to lead the team
No set hours, management is non-existence. Bullying harassment culture to perform as management do not know systems to guide to perform better.
Some poor progression routes and some annoying attitudes.
Cannot find anything cons at the moment
It's call centre work, call after call Micromanagement all the time. No Christmas Bonus Pressure for overtime Working from home can be isolating No Sports And Social Club For Those Who Work From Home Rota used as incentive to work harder- This Is Wrong Shifts are terrible Promotional opportunities non existent.
quality control and business assurance quality manufacture creativity centralization innovation ingenuity production for best quality computer test manufactury expriment examination
Either buck up or get fired. No work life balance. Being a big company, it gets busy during launches. Management demands overtime.
When its busy it is busy and at times can be a challenge
Scheduling is a little strict
long hours, stressful , angry customers and careless management
Impossible to move up into any kind of management position.
The laid back environment tend to create complacency. Happy environment to work in but does not add value in terms of building new skill-sets.
Not a lot of internal promotions - most roles are filled by external people Can be stressful at time but standard support desk
interview process and selection process is takes too long.
Strategies & directions centralised in HQ.
Location in an area that is a bit not fitting.
some very long hours
- Stressful at times, always busy - Management don't understand what its like to take calls, like to tell you how to do things - Not flexible with changing shifts due to college - Communication between different departments could improve
I'm more of a physical person so while I like my job I just don't think it's for me .
Breath in... Breath out...  - Numbers driven. If you think they're not because you didn't feel forced into buying a Mac, you're wrong. Mention you have a business, you'll hear about the business team. There are so many metrics and as the Manchester area manager calls 'lead measures' that you feel sick as a colleague. At times, people will listen to your conversations and mention "hey you didn't talk about AppleCare". It's a retail job though, so don't be surprised if you get targets.  - Store leaders only speak in numbers - I did not feel valued or regarded as a human but rather viewed as a replaceable number.  - Not much career progression. Where do you go when you hit Genius? There's typically one Lead Genius in a store, so unless they die or hit 66 and retire, you've got no chance of moving up.
Theres always so many customers in store and it gets really fast paced and busy. alwasy kids taking pics on the macs
Not much opportunity for growth
Day can feel long if it's quiet, strict on holidays and working days, surveys can be misleading
You realize the company is nothing more than an overdrawn cult. I love the products, which is why i worked there in the first place. But I was second on the leader board form months in a row, had 100 % customer feedback for 6 months straight and was told i still had to interview to get my contract from 16 hours a week to 32 hours a week. Basically, when u do a bad job, you hear about it every day. When you do a great job, you're worth just as much as the guy who doesn't do his job..
Not much room for advancement past retail
Would love to have higher salary.
Takes time to make changes in a huge organisation
> You don't feel an Apple employee at all, and always monitored as if you are an outsider (NO TRUST)  > No social life, you literally transfer in to a GOLUM by time.  > BAD PAY, working in any convenience store pays more , no over time except after 10pm !
Nothing bad to say really!
Interview process takes forever. Be patient
Need to be self-motivated, innovation and independence. If you are not able to think out of box, this company isn't for you
It's like the army. Constantly being watched. Too much pressure for no reason. People end up having real break down periods.  Difficult to evolve, too many interviews for no reason. It's all about the people you know, it's not about your real skills.
They higher literal children, so you are working in a field of gossip and snakiness. Other employees complain about customers but its the customers that are the saving grace when you are full of a team of conniving gossips.
not really any cons at all
some of them are really rude
No work/life balance, limited career opportunities.
Customers. If you can handle demanding customers that thinks they deserve the whole entire world then yeah, its for you
New pros positions creates ridiculous hierarchy and devalues other staff. Management wants to micromanage but refuses to engage and take feedback from staff. There is no more belief in positive intent. Increasing greed from overpricing and endless adapters.
Very difficult to grow and work your way up. You reach the ceiling of being able to grow in the company quite fast.
none, its a good company
I don't know what to write
long working hours and little time off
Strict clock in times, if you are a few minutes late more than x3 times a week, you will be confronted.
as the job is metrics driven, sometimes very stressful
- More opportunities for development into other roles within the business.
People can be fake
Many pressure on the statistics and results of your work
Elitism. Cold colleagues. Perhaps if someone pass out on the table then people will notice something has happened to the colleague
None that I can think of.
Nothing I can mention!
"Open-Door" policy was not so open. This might sound cynical coming from one employee , but there are several Apple employees (especially those amongst smaller locations) who would reverberate this same concern.
Due to the start-up culture it was easy to be overloaded with work beyond your paygrade. Company started to become too structured and corporate like any other retail store The focus on creating a unique buying experience was lost due to the drive in recruitment, I felt standards were dropped in quality of candidates
Limit with development and lack of chance to promote
The company is perfectly okay for me.
Customers are next level rude and entitled
the path is not so fast as we think
low salary in retail stores
Place is really hard to get to
Very busy environment, non-stop in the some of the large stores.
Long Hours! Working long hours can be strenuous.
Apple phone are not good to children because of this phone children are disable to study and they are wasting the time on playing games
we did not get freedom
I don't want to lose this oppurtunity
very demanding, low salary. regular training ll improve the outlook
Difficult to change branches without loss of salary once you are Tier 2 adviser, sometimes very stressy customer contacts
The atmosphere is relaxed but don't get too comfortable as there crazy metrics and targets that will drive you nuts. Poor management even if they think they are the best at everything - so hard to move from apple care to another department - they don't value your work - promotion are based on who you know - when you finally get a chance to apply for another position as an internal candidate, 2 or more interviews - they will promise you the position unofficially and then weeks later they will officially thank you for applying but they are considering other candidates for it. some people manage to survive some don't. applecare department is the worse because you have to deal with all the bs from management and customers, you're constantly being watched. lack of transparency and honesty
The shifts were changeable from week to week.
It's not the best salary I wish it could be better
Little room to make change, very top-down approach
very difficult hiring process
Micromanagement, Stagnation, Poormans Apple, No move to corporate, Average
Absolutely no work/life balance. If you answer emails during the weekend, public holidays or annual leave, don't expect a thank you. Everyone is overworked and just accepts it as the Apple culture. Management/senior management think they are down to earth, but they are far from it. One word: micromanagement! Need I say more......
Based in only a few areas, especially in Europe
Hours are a bit wild. You get lost amongst a sea of 100 employees when you're scheduled, was difficult to justify so much time off with school. Sometimes felt like my scheduling manager just wanted me to work all the time with no regards for my time. They really push for you to grow within the company, felt a bit awkward when I would openly talk about my career goals outside of the company.
You really have to soak up on the culture to move forward, not exactly a negative side.
In peak times, management can be hard to get a hold of on the floor. The work is intense at times and you can become very worn out over a period of days if you aren’t time efficient.
First month after training is stressful. Takes time to get used to the systems and be comfortable in your workflow
hard to get the job
Managers - obviously working to strict directives of corporate are very cliquey and feedback isn't always constructive.
Very long hours. Managers play favourite with employees. If you're not a favourite you won't get that much support, nor last long. Managers also will dish out tons of criticism, most not even true, yet do very little to actively help employees improve their performance. Other employees will happily throw you under the bus and steal your sales. Training is very poor. It's a in-store joke that the higher you get the less you do.
if some other company make a advanced product
Retail environment can get repetitive and unfulfilling. To counter this, more should be done through ongoing training regardless of position.
Poor work/life balance being Retail.
Need to play politics all the time. Feedback system does not work in Apple Retail. Need to be someone favourite. Hard to made a change. Too many people are protected. Not great paid, you are in it for the name. No work life balance. You will not allow to have a weekend off at all. Even tho they have just introductions a new scheduling system. Part time team member can be schedule > 19 hours a week. Always have to beg for help and support for non sales role
Difficult to progress due to wealth of internal talent
Like anywhere else in corporate, there is always some people up there twisting political strategy. That's the most tiring chapter of corporate.
The stores are always busy, and you will feel a lot of pressure and often be rushed off of your feet and often shouted at by demanding customers. Depending what role you are in, you can definitely be worked into the ground as there will never be enough staff to support the customers. Some of the roles can be monotonous and tiresome. Lots of managers and management roles which can mean if this is the area you want to succeed in it can be difficult. Took many years of working there to be recognised whereas some louder members of staff can be recognised just because they shout louder but aren't always as skilled. Not a good route to working at Corporate. Sometimes hard to move up the chain, can take years for some people.
There is none to list.
Lower salaries and fewer opportunities to grow outside the US.
Finance is very corporate, can miss out on the fun tech side. Also very reactive as opposed to proactive in certain areas. Can be political.
Management can listen more if possible
harsh mangers and restricted break times
It truly depends which store youre working at. Coming from one of North Americas busiest store, our traffic was non-stop and our store hours were long. But I wouldn't count that as a con considering we had enough employees to cover the busiest launch days. We were open on holidays though, and to some, that might be truly a negative. But the management team is quite understandable and is willing to rotate so long as the request is fair and done ahead of time.
Crazy managers You can be stuck in one position for years without a scope for promotion. No recognition given to employee Can get terminated in just a snap of your fingers No value for employee Track every movement like robots
Highly Stressful Environment, Somewhat difficult to make a career out of
Be prepared to never being good enough for Apple. If you meet all your targets and are the hardest working employee that has ever seen the light of day, they will still find something to critisize.
Cannot think of any to mention
Extreamly busy everyday. Not too much time to socialise with colleagues
Some bureaucracy does exist, HR and non-money benefits can be better...
Mico-managed. Its very political, If you don't get get on with some of the managers then it is very very difficult to progress. The customers are ungrateful, Working behind the genius bar. customers don't care if you are a person and how hard you work. If you aren't into apple stuff you are suddenly the butt of a joke. It is a cult.
culture in London office not as expected
nothing comes to mind
people are way too snobby
the technical part can be a bit monotonous
Hard to book days off
Apple has a habit of hiring people based on initial qualities. Unfortunately, this often means you'll work with some of the most horrendous, lazy people.  Ritual-almost child-like morning updates and tasks, focused on recycling as much repetitive tasks and mantra's regarding apple products. Any dis-taste or preference away from products that are not made by them almost leads to habitual bullying. Better hide your Samsung at home.  No route to go. Habitual gate-keeping of roles and use of promotions as bargaining tools.  Convoluted, childish and almost cliche internal politics involved make management, on occasion, look worse than the often childish staff they're there to manage.  You will often mix with a variety of staff who have simply been employed for a longer time. The 10 Year + colleagues are basically furniture, and as such were able to dictate their wage at an early time. You'll often find yourself working with far older colleagues who have abnormally high salaries whilst performing tasks to a bare minimum standard.  The staff have been fairly well treated. This has led to unmanageable expectations, delusions of grandeur within the company and slightly large egos within a micro-cosmos.  The pay is only slightly above minimum wage, and has not increased with inflation to an acceptable standard. Do not be fooled by rumours. Almost all of my roles have paid something similar or more.
Working on weekends, could be repetitive
Leadership can play favouritism, which prevents growth for those that they personally feel like aren't fully invested in the company Common for new hires to get paid more than those in the same role that have been there for a longer period of time
None None None None None
very boring at times very long lines
- Base pay could be better given the responsibility of the role - Difficult to understand where you can realistically progress to internally
Nothing really important to share. The time is always running, a lot of things to do. But it is not a real "cons", because the daily shift goes on very fast!
sales orientated more so now than before
Management was almost cultish (well, it's Apple) and the long and sporadic hours.
Very American culture can be a shock for the British sensibilities. Progression can be difficult as there is a 'bottle neck', with many candidate attempting to move up in Apple Retail, or to make the jump to Apple Inc.
Progression works on a favouritism scale
No Carrier Opportunities No Grow opportunities Poor Salary increase Low Salary Poor Trust in Management Poor interest from Human Resources Poor care for individuals Little/no Flexibility No follow-through
No internal mobility Split day off
Noisy busy open space call centre
Challenges comes every day. Not just in the job, but also to your self.
None to speak of. Fine company.
Nothing to complain. I love being at Apple.
-Mall shift work schedule -A lot of the people you deal with can be rude, impatient and even foul on occasion -Micro-management can be overbearing -Prices for services and products makes it somewhat high-pressure
Management, organization, shifts , atmosphere, training ...
Hard to get permanent positions, insecure.
Erratic schedule does not always equate to a great work / life balance. Workshops given to clientele seem to only cater to beginners and elderly
Working hours can be long. Easy to work past your contacted hours while serving customers (this isn't that bad as you get paid for every second you do).
You have to punch in, no matter what your role is. Late punches are not received well. The pay is not the greatest for some of the roles. Opportunities for growth are limited if you are not looking to get into management.
no life during the work
The pay is pretty average, only slightly above minimum wage.
bad managment bady bady bady bay
Lack of Career Progression meaning a lot of talented people move onto other businesses
Long working hours expected here
Large gap between in-store activities and out-of-store Management
High-pressure environment Carrot on a stick philosophy for internal promotions
Bullying culture and they know and admit to it but do nothing. Management only think of how good they look to higher ups. Unless you are top of the team, you will get crap shifts. If the customer has a bad experience at a store, you get the blame for it. I almost had a nervous breakdown because of bullying by my team leader.
No commission even though there is a huge pressure to hit targets and not very much career progression.
Slightly less financial renumeration than at publishing competitor
High pressure, speed of work
The work organisation ( shifts) are not always as you prefer them.
Work/life is not that balanced.
Low paid and lack of people development. Have to change shift everyday, very tired. Don't have regular lunch time. Not good for health. Sometimes are extremely busy. Have to stand for a long time.
very political and not people caring at all
Discounts terrible, including no discount on iPhone so it made it very difficult to keep up with the latest technology, especially when hourly rate was low. I took a 66% pay cut to be there to build a future with the company. Unfortunately I had to leave to get a better paying job and feel appreciated. Very different if you work for Apple Corporate I believe. A lot expected including 6-7 day availability from very early to very late. Very difficult to socialise or plan a life outside work. This is especially the case in the large flagship stores.
Shifts didnt work out with my personal lifestyle, a lot of weekend work as expected from retail environment
Long hours, high pressured environment
the politics that happen within the management team and the constant need to develop everyone can get tiring. No sick pay for part-time employees isn't okay, the unreliable working hours make having a life outside of work difficult.
Rosters are based on performance, so you can find yourself getting less than idea shifts if you're not the best in your team.
management needs to promote more inhouse
sometimes it can be stressful but every job is
Favouritism. It is the key factor destroying this department right now. Unfortunately the department fails to identify those who can truly add value to the business, but instead promotes those who are put on pedestals by management out of self-interest. This destroys morale, because you are essentially saying that competency is not valued, but visibility is. A department of people vying for visibility does not make for good business. This department values regurgitating what those above you have said, and not truly challenging the business for the better.
I have no negatives from my time here. They taught me a lot and the culture was good
Very segmented. Competitiveness sometimes taken to extremes. Difficult to change within the company, the "expert" culture ends up pushing a person into a very specific role.
Unfortunately, there are really bad eggs in the London office. There is a lot of focus on doing non-value-add type of work. Managers tend to play favourites and isolate those who disagree with them, even if their points can be extremely valid. People seems to be promoted based on tenure rather than aptitude. You have to kiss up to you boss to advance in your career. These comments only extend to the European finance team. Other functions like marketing or engineering do not play office politics like this group. The compensation is also terrible compared to all the places I've worked at in the past 10 years.
-Career advancement has a hard ceiling cap. -In spite of what Apple will tell you, you work in retail. Other companies see it as retail and in the tech industry you are still a glorified Apple geek. Depending on where you look for jobs afterwards, it may or may not help you. -Leadership roles are 90% external hires. -Little recognition for individual contributions. -Actual employee development is a joke. Apple will gladly give you a lateral move, pay you the same, and then tell you its a promotion. -Company does not make enough effort to retain senior employees. If they have a chance to squeeze you out of your pay grade during a transfer, they will try. -Company is cutting back on career experiences (eg. no more Genius training at Apple campus, replaced with online video training) -Employees that are bad for the team and culture are not reprimanded or let go. People that are bad seeds poison the culture and make the workplace miserable. -Dealing with demanding customers that break their devices and expect Apple to replace things for free. Expect a LOT of customer arguments. I cannot count how many times I have witnessed customers making employees cry because they are such demanding jerks. -Work/Life balance. Your start times and days off are always different. Its very hard to have any consistency with your not at work life. If you are a parent, this is a nightmare. Pray your significant other has a 9-5. -Cost of Apple products and services keep going up and no kickback goes to employees, even though the price increases are touted to reflect to quality of "our people." -Employees hired now are making significantly less salaries than employees hired 5+ years ago. -The retail side is a great place to start a career but don't overstay your welcome.
dealing with certain people is tough
Schedule adherence - too much focus Slow-reacting company Can take years to grow...or months if you are lucky 30 minutes lunch
Only take this job if you know that you are comfortable working from home, because it can get very stressful when you get a call, main communication is via chat when asking for help. stressful targets
Low Starting Salary, Cork is expensive city but it's not about the company itself
Bad hours (retail, as expected), not much growth for career development. Not many (if any) incentives for staff to be motivated or high performing.
Not enough training for tech roles and very strict timetables for shifts. You will need to fight for needed time off
- Work to tight deadlines - A lot of ambiguity - Long working hours (dependent on department) - Employees don't feel valued - People who talk well but don't get much work done gets recognition
- almost no chances to develop (as manager) - you are the motivator... every day - number numbers numbers
* shift bids are done by metrics you may not get the shift you want
- Managers tend to micromanage - Cronyism - Sensitive due to diversity of individuals
Little flexibility in terms of punctuality, every movement is recorded going into work and when you leave
Working from home, poor shift rotation, job more customer service than technical advisor
I can't think of any. I really enjoyed my time with Apple.
Rude and Aggressive A lot of lazy people sitting on options / RSU's No inependence
Short shifts if you're Part-Time and wanting Overtime.
Customers a hassle to deal with
Too much stress and competition
- Although when compared to other retail jobs the pay is higher than average, when you assess the work and effort you put into each role, the general consensus is that staff are underpaid. However, roles within management have an excellent pay. - Busy - not a great environment to work in whilst ill, or going through personal issues. On days like these work can be relentless. - Customers spend a lot of money on Apple products, and quite rightly when things go wrong they aren't too happy with this. Dealing with people in this situation is not easy and can be extremely tiring. - Job has become quite measures bases. Apple has lost it's original core value of creating great experiences. It is now heavily focussed on revenue and iPhone upgrade. - As with any retail role the hours are very unsociable. It is difficult to plan any personal social activity in advance due to a lack of knowledge of which day you will have off.
aha may not suit everyone, you get out of it what you put in. Survive the first 6 months during a launch period and you will be fine!
Apple Retail has a flexible schedule . sometime you don't have much time to be with your family or friends.
Tough to get a promotion
Part time growth opportunities to higher roles are limited
bad management, no meritocracy there
Repetitive sales. Not much room for progression, Staff turnover is high
There is an unique value. New joiner should show respect to this unique value
Difficulties to move from one department to another - barriers between department
holiday pay rise xmas happy
1. salary is not good
Execution model of business practices can stifle truly innovative contribution. Staff lifecycle can be limited by genuine opportunity to grow a career within the organisation. There is genuine opportunity, but not scalable enough yet due to the compartmentalised nature of the company's structure (cross-pollination of resources does not happen enough)
Unrealistic energy expectations. Always required to be happy.
Feels over staffed at times, which means that often there is not enough work to go around. Transcreation office means that most original creative work is carried out in the US. You work on a need to know basis, so very exclusive.
Promotion is slow. It can be overwhelming.
Only negative would be unfulfilled promises of promotion
Sometimes the company should consult someone out of the region before changes are launched. Company can not assumed that everything is working like in the USA
bureaucracy management can make it hard to develop yourself
shift work, weekend work, salary
work schedules weekends compensation can be better
Projects launch without much coordination. Things are fixed on the go. Some internal systems are not fit for purpose and you don't feel you work for a company like Apple by using them. Limited opportunities for development outside the US.
Very little room for growth
Work life balance. Better processes
Career progression within the store is very limited and highly sought after, but if you shine with 'Apple'ness, you'll be amongst those who are afforded those opportunities.
Very few cons that I can see. Minimum contract is sixteen hours which may inhibit some casual workers, although it is clear that this is for a reason - keeping staff integrated with the team by being in regularly.
very strict with time management and exepenses
Relentless focus on results means that people who choose to do the right thing instead of cheating for results are punished instead of rewarded, in spite of the constant reminder from management to 'do the right thing'.
Like any other place of work it can be overwhelming at times but it comes with the territory, and thats what we have holidays for
maintains the mobile communication in apple
-having to deal with both entitled and uninformed customers for large parts of the day -tolerating the employees and managers who drink too much of the Apple Koolaid.
It's hard to make any changes because everything is "controlled" by Apple HQ
Pressure can be very high too often. Flexible working and other perks seem to be less common than what you would expect to see in a tech company.
No cons whatsoever, s b
Poor management structure Poor middle management Lack of reward, recognition and progression for staff of long tenure after a certain point Poor HR Poor scheduling Zero transparency - gets very frustrating
You will frustrating when you are doing same job
Not much to learn through the position, not much improving space in the future.
Lack of direct communication with management / colleagues - but this is ok at a part time level
High pressure, poor direction from high level in terms of overall goals & targets. Poor work life balance, overtime expected & not paid. Selfish, ruthless culture encouraged. Very political
Apple is a business that is void of any kind of traditional progression path. Often talent needs to leave the organisation to progress and grow.
None that I can say
There needs to be more career progression options other than a retail management path.
You can work 6 days in the road. Shift change everytime.12 hours shift. It is a real call center and there are always asking you to work more and more
use your own internet so must be extremely reliable don't take the job if you can't deal with people or have no patients.
can't make decisions without consulting the USA, sometimes you feel like you are on a wheel
Retail hours, room for growth, customers
Angry customers A lot of referring people Based on customer feedback - not useful when spending all day charging people for broken screens
too many staff to handle, big difference of management level
Can be repetitive, some of the management is not so great. Lots of politics and favouritism depending on the store.
CUSTOMERS! most of the time they're entitled, not knowledgeable, rude , and expect to be serviced and seen immediately. They lack understanding of how systems work and think they're always top priority. At the end of the day this is retail and therefore dealing with people will be your biggest challenge.
Micro managed, little room for advancement, split weekends without two consecutive days off, poor interpersonal skills in management, off shore human resource
Shift bidding process is not always fair.
Significant overtime required to complete work
It can be a stressful job and lonely at times but you learn to manage.
nothing at all , less work life balance
every task is so subdivided, work inefficiently, many employee are in their comfort zone
The hours are a joke. If you like having two days off in a row DO NOT WORK AT APPLE RETAIL. You never, ever get two days off in a row.  Also, you'll never make more than 20-ish an hour. Ever. Unless you fully commit to management, where you give up on having any kind of personality of your own and only ever speak apple-approved statements and fully give up on any kind of non apple-approved personal life. So if you're a grown-up and have kids or a mortgage, just keep on looking in the job market.  The brand is so huge and has its head so far up its own butt that they never even noticed when they turned into the technology version of Wal-Mart. And would deny they even have done so... all while harassing you that a tiny logo on your hat or pants or the way you looked away from the front of the store for eight seconds is a "career limiting move".
It can be a stressful job and lonely at times but you learn to manage.
- No career at all - horrible internal procedures
- Not great development / progress opportunities
None that I can really think of other than other stores getting paid better.
Wages is not really competitive
Very big company, you will be a small fish in a huge sea with opportunities but lots of competitors.
Just it's far from home but I really need a job to keep me forward and to earn a living in this world
It's a huge company --that means there's inevitably going to be some bureaucracy.
don't have any cons. Loads of continuous learning
I haven't found any !
Hard work. No relex just work work and work. Apple must have a good time Sometimes you face people like they don't know anything and will never let you go
Management is atrocious and don't know anything about Apple. They're just there in case customers want to yell at someone. Customers are frighteningly aggressive. Prepare to be demeaned, insulted, and screamed at. I would enter every shift with a cold defensive mindset, knowing that someone is going to let me have it. There have been times where customers have literally made me fear for my safety. Customers have waited outside the store to yell at me once I'm off. There have been occasions where I've had to sneak out the back door and leave the mall through back hallways to avoid angry customers. There is also no room for internal movement. The company pulls the "we fill roles internally" but it's a hilarious lie. The store got a new role and set it would be filled internally, and they interviewed dozens of interested candidates. All were told they didn't fit he role and the store hired externally. Also, your yearly promotion is maybe 2%, and it's not unusual for new hires to be making considerably more than people who have been with the company for years.
Gets repetitive quickly. Pay is inconsistent across the store. You'd be surprised at how similar pay is even though you may be doing a lot more and be more qualified than the one beside you Not the best of places for a career
poor management lots of favouritism family and friends don't stop asking for discounts
Limited progression opportunities post program
Discount not as much as it could be.
4 day availability needed for Part Time, despite being able to fit into 3 days- and also weekend availability required
Rubbish management, pay was atrocious, treated like your an infant being spoon fed
if you are a driven individual there may sometimes feel like a glass ceiling exist Job also does become repetitive at some point
Great job for a robot. If on the other hand you're a sentient being you get worn down quickly. Everything is monitored to the nth degree. You have 8 minutes bathroom break in the day which they inform you is a courtesy that you are not strictly entitled to. Your shift changes every 3 months and could be working any combination of 5 of the 7 days. Potentially you could be working 11:30 - 8 Sat, Sun, Mon, Wed, Fri. Don't expect to have any break over Christmas, you're lucky if you get Christmas Day off. Last Christmas I was off Christmas Day and New Years Day and worked every other day.
Hard to move up, no development. Workload is crazy. In-region employees don't really get the same attention.
Schedule is based on mall hours of course, so there are many times when you're working the entire weekend for several weekends in a row.
Days are often very long and draining and sometimes that can mean a lack of variety. Particularly with the technical roles, days can be quite long and monotonous, particularly during high velocity days.
i honestly cant think of any, family and friends don't stop asking for discounts??
cult like, little negotions, money orientated, little progression
The pay is lower than anticipated and it is an extremely busy role. However, the fact that it is busy can also be a pro depending on your perspective. For the record, I think of it as a pro.
Crazy rhythm of work Rude customers Not the same level of competence from colleagues Low pay considering the efforts Not the best place to work when you are pregnant Bad managers can worsen the situation
- Alot of information to take in, in the beginning for someone who never owned an apple product. - Shift work - Don't get as many benefits working from home as you do working in house (but they were trying to improve when I was there)
- growth takes a long time. Sometimes up to 2 years to get part-time to full-time.
Shopping Mall Hours, so hours can depend on which Mall you work at.
Call center job Lack of job opportunities
So far no cons in my opinion
Promotion is made on visibility and not regarding competence which lead to incompetent managers.
very local management governed business
Substandard management Nepotism Occasional 6 day work week
Very political and is difficult to get anywhere
Long processes that sometimes find a lot of silly roadblocks
Struggle for development as there are so many employees working for the store.
brain washing mobbing micromanagement monitoring of toilet visits and everything else
Answering the same questions (ex. when is the next iPhone coming out?) gets tiring.
They like to over-schedule people, especially part-timers. Large expectations for business intros, and there's lots of pressure to do so.
We are often understaffed when it gets busy. People with less experience may be payed more for reasons unknown. Time off requests are not as flexible as many people like.
Not enough to justify extreme workload.
Need to build great relationships with managers and keep them in the know regarding your performance for chance of career progression and recognition.
Not much room to grow
constantly a busy place to work
Difficult to go up the ladder if you're part time (i.e. not possible to become an expert)
- Overtime and work-life balance are institutional problems - The sheer size of the organization has driven a top-down "do this, don't ask questions" culture in many groups - As beautiful as the products are, on the inside at most levels it's surprising how corporate it is
Unpaid lunches. No paid sick days for Part time employees so people come to work sick. Requested days off are first come first serve and highly competitive.
No Part Time oppertunties for non college employees - such a shame :(
Stress is too much and
The only CON I can think of at the moment is the career path. You don't feel like it is easy to proceeding and have a career there.
hard work, not that good pay, ling hours
Slow career growth, highly competitive environment
Communication is poor. Management make wrong decisions to promote wrong person. Leadership is focus on matrix instead of real performance
Very very dynamic and fast pace industry, need to acquire the product knowledge and keep learning all the time. Hope Apple Store can be set up soon.
Crowded office/small cubicles with lots of noise, not much natural light, draughty air conditioning, bad lighting in the office which was not fixed despite multiple complaints. Too many systems i.e. very complex multi-tasking necessary, lots of redundancy in the processes, team spirit not great. Too many process changes in a short space of time, a lot of pressure due to understaffed team.
Progression is too slow, shifts bids only every 3 months
it is too far for me
Lot of competition so it's a bit harder to progress.
-Can be fairly long hours compared to other work places -Dealing with some very rude and ignorant people (Not many but a few noticeable)
Leadership was too much into Micro Management.
Work can be emotionally draining
Work-Life Balance, High intensity work environment
Cost of living, Varied expectations
Takes forever to progress on up
- At the time of employment, there was no graduate program therefore future career prospects limited - As an intern, not given much responsibilty
unflagging management system and sanctimonious external iamge feeling bad. bland to customers . pcan't slove customers problems. Really felt unhappy.
Theres a carrot on a stick type management strategy about career progression. You're promised management endorsement if you achieve certain things, then once you've done that you don't get endorsed. Its a great job but not a career.
Management taking sides with certain employees Employees who suck up to leadership get promoted No work life balance
Growing from ASC to another position inside the company is not so easy. There aren't many openings for the ASC team.
Our store was in a shopping mall which can feel a little unreal with no daylight but not something totally Apple related.
Very hard on work life balance as a full time
micro management no work life balance
its big pressure on my head
It is too much away from home
Working weekends from time to time Late shifts from time to Time
fierce competitiveness within internal staffs, which should be unusual in an top American corporate! many people have just worked for 1 year then quit
annual leave regulations, work training was not as good as it could be
The money is crap it's hard to move up threw he company the customers are very stuck up and in great ful
Moving up and down all day
Difficult to progress as the procedure to do so is highly competitive and you have to be exceptional to even get an interview.  Very challenging workload, you have to be on the ball at every point of the day.
No comision based in the store so everybody not earning the same so maybe they should have been the one who has the right one to
No work life balance Management are either great or horrendous
There are not so many career prospectives within the company
There is no cons for this
Hard to progress or move sideways in the company. No work life balance,
Not enough manager headcount, due to market issue.
Low pay, long hours. Getting paid the same rate as others in retail while working twice as hard.
Working holidays for retail hours
Nothing at all! Very nice environment
- Some Leaders can be unhelpful and biased - Difficult work/life balance - Not the greatest pay
No profesional development and no career opportunities
Deep end after little training. Bit of a clique in certain department.
below average wages, sometimes you get belittled by the management.
Incident system is pre-industrial This department is totally micromanaged Same Csat target as tech department, wich is a joke as you mostly get the difficult customers and a way more complex and lost cases. KPI can only be achieved If you know how to trick the system. The current Area Manager is a true bully.(This entry is from Feb 2017) The management is merely focused in short term results and not interested in advices. Management constantly threatens you with disciplinary actions to achieve short term targets. Investiagtion meetings are uphold for minor issues verbal warnings, discussion sheets and action plans are constantly in use against employees for the sake of short term results. HR does not protect employees against the arbitraryness of the managment. Investigation hearing are only upholded top down and not vice versa. The managment is capable of solving real problems. The managment has completely been disconnected from the employees.
Unfortunate that managers don't share the same ethics and company culture as the rest of the team. Made multiple complaints about other staff stalking customers, putting their numbers into young girls phones whilst in appointments on the genius bar and nothing was done. They pretend to care about the staff when all they really care about is making money.
Under resourced staffing for areas other than direct sales
Hard to work up through management
na great company , no complaints . kepp it up
The culture is turning into something it never was. It's fake. Management has officially created a "mean girls"-esque environment. Heard our store leader actually screaming at an employee until they cried. Leadership...? I think not. No work life balance.
Illiterate belligerent middle management.
They don't just change the store leader and management teams every 6 to 9 months also the rules for employees. something it change backward and it is don't work good. The atmosphere there in HK store is not that good.
As in all parts of Retail you have to endure some rude customers
Nothing bad to be honest
Some leaders completely neglect the opinions of other staff and worst of all fail to do their jobs. Many use shortcuts and do not understand the culture of the company. Working under pressure and with limited staff can become the norm.
- Progression is difficult - Pay doesn't reflect the amount and quality of work most employees provide
Slow progression to different roles within the retail spectrum. You need to make your superiors aware that you're a value able asset for a raise as well
Nothing bad to describe about
Not too much cons that i can say totally
ambiguity, stress at launch times
Company ethos, poor management, high targets, no commission, progression is shouted about from day one but it never realises itself unless you're good friends with higher management and have very high results in your current role.
Extremely long hours which is very tiring. Colleagues tend to be quite rude and disruptive. However, would recommend still.
Sometimes the management can be unorganized
The worst customers at times, a lot of responsibility at times, performance is assessed
Its call center work like any other call center stop trying to over glamorize it because its for Apple.  Non social hours  Shift Changes every 3 months, You can be stuck with a bad one and there is no way to change it  Very Stressful Job  Progressing to management seems to be based on who you know rather than your skill level.
Lack of prospects Constant abuse from customers Lack of work life balance Senior management clueless to true feelings of staff
Impossible de trouver des inconvenants , la presque perfection !
dont think there are any
Lack of communication . Poor hourly pay for what can be a very stressful job. Long hours.Lack of support from management. Poor training.Very poor atmosphere for staff which in turn creates tension in the workplace.
It can be a stressful job at times, though the team is always there for support. Career progression can feel slow and within the space of 5 years you are likely to hit the ceiling of your career.
Start Salary is to low to actually think to stay longer with the Company, by far to low if you have a Family to support. Good for Job Starters or temporary Visitors of Ireland. If you are not in an high Ranking (more the 85%) of Customer Satisfaction, you may get an Additional Training, what is BS as Satisfaction get's counted on Reviews, what sometimes are not even Based on the current Customer experience, but on the whole Case and follow ups
Repetitive work and can get quite lonely working from home.
politics, unrealistic expectations, retail schedule
Not paying enough money as I expected
I dont have any cons that I can think of this is really a great company.
- It's a call centre job - It doesn't matter how they dress it up, you are working in a call centre. There is nothing fancy about it. In fact most Apple customers are monsters, the sort of people who drive Audi's and shout at waitresses for getting their order wrong. I have never wished people harm before, until I spoke to some of the animals who were my customers in AppleCare.  - Clueless management at all levels - from the senior Area Management downwards, most managers are clueless robots who are either external hires from other call centres or internally promoted clowns who were so bad at customer service they were able to brown-nose their way off the phones as quickly as possible. I wouldn't let them mind my cactus plant for 48 hours, let alone run a call centre.  - Unsocial Hours - Forget weekends and Christmas / public holidays off if you are working in Tech Support or customer facing phone work. You will even be made to work Christmas day, because your life and your family are not important, some idiot who can't work out how to turn on his iPhone 7 at 9 am on 25th December is. Don't worry though, senior managers won't be around, they will be off skiing in France for the 3 weeks over Crimbo. Same applies to weekends.  - Endless micromanagement - all off-phone time is closely management. However well you handle a call, email or chat, your robot of a manager will pick holes in all the good work you did, telling you in your one-2-one session how bad you are at your job, despite the fact if you transferred a real life customer to them, they would jump into the sea. The endless pressure of having your every movement picked over results in countless people either resigning or, being out long term sick with depression and stress etc.  To conclude: I'd rather flip burgers, clean septic tanks, or be an exotic dancer, than work for AppleCare again.
Overkill on ethics, repetitive, Long hours
It's extraordinarily busy so you need to keep up with the pace, it is hard to keep your energy up. There is little control of shift work.
none cons i have expreinced so far .
Can be overhwleming, too many people
Short contracts ( less than year)
Always busy and not always organized
same routine everyday, and customers are rude and annoying
It is very comorehensive tho to get time off, if the perain affected is your parents or son/daughter.
Too much focused on numbers not on people
Career progression is slow the options are unclear. The job could be quite stressful because of the metrics. Due to the secrecy, lack of information could make your job ambiguous sometimes.
Pay, career progression, working weekends, not as good as the secretive culture would have you believe
It's still very corporate like underneath the liberal skin they put on.
- Not enough training offered anymore. - Hours are not very flexible. - Career progression is tough due to small amount of roles and high amount of competition.
-Hard to progress into management -No flexibility on working hours -Work on weekends
great of you are a student, but not the job as a career.
Progression is quite bottlenecked and slow
They need to start respecting their staff
Can be stressful on the genius bar, dealing with difficult customers
Lack of coaching, No reprimand for unacceptable behaviour in a work environment, Favouritism, Empty promises for advancement made to entice better performance, Lack of accountability for management's poor decisions.
Working in the Genius Bar can mean particularly unpleasant customers and the stress of always trying to catch up. As stores can have long operating hours there is a high expectation in terms of availability.
- sometimes extreme annoying customers
Weekend Shifts (not everyone, depends on the team you are on)
None, its a well run business.
Long interview process, hard to move into management if not in it already. No work/life balance
Work life balance is difficult sometimes
A lot of work / little money. Many hours helping ppl who are not always friendly
Lots of drama between coworkers, plenty of irate, entitled customers expecting us to bend over backwards for them as soon as they raise their voice.
Not good with commuication really
Requires some availability. You will be working during weekends and holidays, when everybody is out shopping.
it is such a big company .............
Horrible Management,very fake and not genuine.They tell you to shut up, there is no support or development.Salary low compared to other IT companies.
Managers can be unrealistic in their expectations of: a work-life balance, their understanding of work occurring on the front-line and their capability to help you progress professionally.  In retail, expect to work all holidays, and book 3-4 weeks in advance for time off. Better to think of your job with working hour expectations like those of a nurse or police, no matter what role you have.  Customers can ask very difficult questions about the decisions made at the highest level, you are their punching bag expect it. Even Apple's computer systems go through hiccups - the embarrassment in front of a customer is not fun, especially if you're trying to meet their timeframe requirements.  Unlike other big companies changes happen very, very fast. You might be kept in the dark about the reasoning, and it might be hard to deal with, but you'll just have to trust the decisions are being made for a reason (think lack of stock for a few months, then suddenly a new product or the lineup completely disappears).  In terms of the business side of things, the rest of the store will ostracise you thinking you're like some kind of devil dealing salesperson, maybe just subconsciously, but you'll always have a battle convincing your colleagues just how important leads are to you, cold or otherwise. The lack of B2B acumen around you means you can feel like you fight the same uphill battles with little gains.
Career progression is slow the options are unclear.
External leadership hires tend not to understand 'Apple Culture'.
You are just doing the sales job in a deliberately polished way. The job was tiring, demanding, and tedious. Just like most of the sales jobs. Plus you have to face those picky customers on daily basis. When the joy was replaced by the sales figures, it is time to leave. Plus, little career opportunity for a retail worker. You will at most a store leader, or the head of salesmen, period.
Employees don't last since most of them are students and some do not see the job as a career. Also some clients are hard to deal with and can become hard to deal with ober long term.
Little support for real progression. They make you jump through hoops to get anywhere. Any other company, you would be an assistant or store manager for the amount of work that you do. Too much focus on hitting sales targets with no commission for the people that earn it. Managers are generally very lazy and do not motivate their staff. Great as a job, but think again if you want to make this into a career!
Open on weekends, fast paced environment
There is not a real policy against managers abuse. Employee Relations is a tool in hands of the manager.
not so much, pretty nice place to young people to work
Stores are always super busy, you need to handle feedback from everyone, customers can be annoying, always under staffed, customers need to wait a lot to repair items or sometimes to buy stuff.
Busy environment, lack of clear direction from higher management, lack of efficient HR process. Other than that a great place to work!
working different countries require a lot of traveling
- Limited progression opportunities - A lot of responsibility outside of working hours - A lot of pressure from managers and other colleagues
Entitled customers and complaints, can be hard to progress,
None, bar the amazing discounts!
Apple in Japan has very limited opportunities to do something in Corporate. They always advocate how they encourage everyone to do "Career Experiences" but the reality is that they're seldom and when one actually pops out, you are rarely given the chance to do it... Specially if you are in the Management Team, it would be unrealistic to request a store leader to endorse you for another position in Corporate because they are always short on managers.
No clear career development plan
- really really really bad pay - business managers have no clue - no progression - pay increase is tiny - is not a professional role
very busy periods at times.
Some people chug the Apple koolaid a little too much.
Management ruined the store and ruin the brand
No work life balance whatsoever. Management rarely care or provide support when needed and whinge when the staff seem exhausted or need a mental health day. The stress is far too high for what they're paying you.
performance not rewarded, older employees have a bad attitude, dont get on their bad side
Apple customers are the most entitled and awful people you will ever meet. Prepare to be screamed at, belittled and just down right made to feel insignificant.
retail, some customers really suck, and some coworkers are kind of crazy
I loved working at Apple, but recently found it more bureaucratic, more political and less decision making.  Another downside is they hire too many new people, who don't really understand Apple culture, and diluted the intact culture we used to have at the company.
Routine works make sometimes bored
So much red tape to advance
Beats you down. No commission.
With most stores having at least 100 staff, you will have to roll your sleeves up and begin the political aspect of your career if you hope to build up relationships with decision making managers. Your ability to do the job will get you half way there.
Growth potential is limited, however there are definitely many opportunities to increase your skillset
Many cons, No commitment in salary hike, False promises, Worst HR, No Growth
- under paid compared to similar and easier roles - career path is limited in retail
Retail is retail, all I shop of have to say about that. It's not glamorous at all, but at least this was an honest living.
For senior managers there are little growth possibilities. At management level culture is less open and often more political. In daily practice the feedback there is often not given directly but discussed with your dieector.
With most stores having at least 100 staff, you will have to roll your sleeves up and begin the political aspect of your career if you hope to build up relationships with decision making managers. Your ability to do the job will get you half way there.
-coaching style is slow so as Development -promotions are almost non-existance -no work-life balance
Uncertainty when it comes to get the contracts renewed- Can take some time to get a permanent contract. Smoking area very far from the building
Apple customers are very entitled and its no surprise, they get rewarded for bad behaviour. Grown adults come into stores and throw a tantrum, you say no, management says yes and so it goes.  Quite poor work life balance but you cant expect much more from retail.  Company culture can often feel cult like and robotic. Leadership were very fake and again robotic, it is hard to get a human response from the majority, its like they read off a script.  There was a huge shift in culture in the time i worked there it became all about targets and numbers under the false pretence that it was about the people customers and colleagues alike, it wasn't.  Once the excitement of being hired by Apple wears off, you will realise that you're just a glorified shop keeper don't let the job titles fool you going in. You are a common retail assistant undervalued and the high turnover rate is consistent with other companies. Apple retail is a separate entity you will not be treated as though you are part of the bigger corporation.  Although the pay is decent for retail it is not decent for Apple. There are days where you will make sales in total which will more than double your yearly salary just by serving lets say 10 people in a day.
High Competition Long Waiting for answers on internal Applications Cannot tell more as it is kind of unwanted and secret but good place to work where you can get somewhere.
Nothing bad to say about it
May have to work from home
Too tech focused, more of nerds rather than smart people around
Work in Mandarin support team, people there are very Chinese culture, promotion and career path are developed with blackbox, looks fair on surface, but the truth is not.
As the company progresses, complexity increases. The team has to learn and adapt with new challenges all the time. This requires everyone to stay alert all the time and it can be daunting
Small guidance, huge workload, very little development
Little to no promotion as it only comes due to business needs.
The job could be quite stressful at times especially around Christmas time. No real social aspect because you work from home. Tough to balance shifts and college work at times
No issues arose that wouldn't be found in any other large company. Occasionally the way Apple work on things is different to how other firms might operate, such variances are typical.
People are hard to be important in such a grand company
There aren't really any cons.
- Huge team need better communication - Can't think much cons for Apple retail.
Not much space for your own creativity and ideas as all this is centralized from Cupertino.
hard to progress customers can be hard
Very secretive in why they do things Hard to see career path from store to corporate
The hours are terrible and there is no flexibility to have your shifts mostly mornings or evenings to accommodate your daily routines.
No work life balance and people expect it
You will have little to no career progression and must be prepared to deal with (at times) extremely arrogant customers.
I feel there is limited career progression
Not many, except sometimes I felt as though I needed more training to be able to improve my skills but the store and managers were too busy
Be prepared to work retail hours and most weekends. Hard to get that off. And be prepared to get feedback from coworkers as well as management
Leave the world better than we found it, sustainable, safer material, fitness resource, renewable energy, good practice on environmental performance improvement.
Shift Patterns Repetitive Tiring No Progression
Not flexible, evangelical culture
Some stores suffer from extremely poor management - resulting in horrible schedules, pay discrepancies, the hiring of under qualified persons because they are friends, bullying of staff, etc.
Sometimes difficult to balance work/life due to retail hours. Also holding a job at Apple can lead to a lot of unwanted attention outside of work, from friends, family, and strangers.
Need to be at par with performance
The company has become quite over-managed under Tim Cook, and definitely lost some of its magic. It feels more like a corporation than when I started
Sometimes it does have a slight 'cultish' feel to the job and you have to really buy in to the ethos at Apple.
Tax avoidance is probably their biggest issue.
Standard retail hours Difficult to advance
Occasional turbulence of corporate strategy change.
a lot of traffic and customer poor life/balance life
Busy environment. Hard to advance due to headcount
The role can be quite stressful sometimes due to the sheer volume of people who meet each day. Working at the genius bar demands that you are proactive, speak clearly and good with managing people.
I found that flexibility was a bit of an issue.
You go through 2-3 interviews. Apple are quick to flatter you when you're hired. They only hire 'the best people'. You're then paid less than what my friend earned at Tesco on the tills. I honestly got the feeling that 'working at Apple' was seen as part of the compensation package.
At the end of the day it is just a busy retail job! They try to make it seem as though it is more than retail but for the most part you are just selling and answering questions.
No AWS.(13th months salary) Performance bonus is a joke. Unstructured/Unknown/Myth manpower and roles and responsibility. Highly reliable on each and every manpower, once there is turnover, things going unknown to anyone else. Minimum documentation on how things are carry out.
-Long hours, work-life balance is a challenge -Stringent review process with internal teams before rolling up to global -Top-down decision making
Somewhat stressful. Hours/ days off can be bad if your performance isn't good enough.
Unstable work hours and progression is limited
Depending on which store you work at, you may have very limited working space. The store can feel like utter chaos at times, which results in customers (understandably) getting very frustrated, which will affect how you work, as well.
Very few people have a role where they themselves make any meaningful decisions. Decisions are made in the US at a top level and executed down the company. Lack of processes and clear direction. Really poor HR and talent department
Work load, Work Schedule, Work Location
unnecessarily stressful environment, secrecy makes it hard to be innovative
I would like to be indenpendet with out gavernment decition attitude also can be deluxe decition my life
Boring job, bad internal tools make getting stuff done a lot more pain than it should be in an ideal world.
No career progression Management wants you to stay in your role Extremely busy days with low pay Career experiences don't get you anywhere
Management lacks enthusiasm Development is a carrot dangling High stress No common ideals between stores Tough work/life balance
No development plan, not engaged with employees and don't care to help you
Very closed organization. Management team is focusing on hierarchy. Not as free as other IT companies. More like traditional manufacturing company.
Politics kills the organization when new people who are not passionate about Apple joins for $$$. Apple mgmt is hiring too many of these people..
Difficult to progress within the first year of employment which can be frustrating. Can be difficult to move from part time to full time - need to re-interview and go through internal processes. Not necessarily a bad thing, and is a fair way of doing it, but can be frustrating.
There are no cons, I love to work here, it's my dream job
- somewhat lousy pay - very big on culture but could get somewhat phony - management can sometimes displays favoritism
There is a lot of favouritism.
Too much secrecy. Way too much work sometimes and a lot of travel to outside Countries. Not my cup of tea.
Lack of pay difference between specialist to genius - only £3 ph more! No real development once you hit the ceiling
Due to mobility in roles, you'll sometimes see a shift in management team making it difficult to continuously build rapport.
Very high pressure, can become very stressful working from home, you feel detached from the company. Most phone calls involve stressed out customers
Working hour can be quite crazy. Work could be fairly overwhelming occasionally but it is totally expected. People are working in an ambiguous environment where there is not much transparency amongst the departments.
It's incredibly hard to move up the chain. New hires are constantly brought in for roles where a promotion of an existing employee would have been better suited.
It used to be a good company to work but it gets worse every year. Managements are blinded and delusional. They like to show off, so they spend a lot of money on unnecessary events, but very stingy allocating budget on improving system and processes. Also, there aren't many career opportunities.
The secrecy aspect of Apple bothers me sometimes. In an ideal world I wish there could be open collaboration with different teams on projects.
- Long days. - Very busy environment. - There are days when you're in challenging conversations back to back that require escalation.
As with any big company, difficult to have a voice. It's difficult to get an opinion anywhere than 1 or 2 tiers above you. Staff work very very hard and often the hardest workers are not promoted. Pay jumps between roles is often minimal and it's easy to reach a ceiling in a couple of years.
Busy stores can be overwhelming, Customers with negative attitudes can be draining, Loud stores can be distracting for completing tasks
Really high pressure sometimes, poor work/life balance depending on your role at the store, although nothing unusual in retail.
It is demanding and customers may be tricky to deal with however management are always there to support you
Usual cons of big companies
Long hours some time due to field work
Very intense activity. Very high targets which are not always reachable.
No cons that I can think of
In a short words, it's a retail role.
kind of work in which is hard to acheive something.
Say the right things to the right people to get on. I know real life is like this but it's not really apple. Also a percentage of customers feel that poor customer service is not being seen in the moment or having to pay for something they have broken! This part of the role really is unbelievable and they way that these people talk to us ! Wow is all I can say.
it was a 6 months experience, there's nothing i could actually complain. There's no chance for a growth on the company with this position
No opportunities for promotions. Retail hours, so be prepared for late shifts. Customers have extremely high and unrealistic expectations that are hard to deliver.
Not very long view on shifts
Excessive confidentiality makes employees feel not involved
Work loads differ by team.
Customers are awful- majority of people calling are rude, impatient and uncooperative, and this makes the job incredibly hard and days very long. You get worn out and worn down very quickly from being shouted at by customers. It's now at a stage where getting promotions is very difficult- there's a lot of employees so it's hard to get noticed. Upper management have just introduced a new way of training that means you are trained to take a variety of calls without it being a promotion- it feels like they are actively trying to slow down movement within tech support. Personally I eventually was able to get a job offer to move into a different department but the move was lateral and meant dealing with the same customers, so I decided to take an offer elsewhere. Working from home can be really difficult at times
- Lots of "office politics" - Some managers are truly terrible - Lots of favouritism
There is way too much secrecy
Most of your promotion and rotation opportunity is based on the feedback result from the customer. Which is so hard to get even a feedback in the Asian culture. I have a colleague had been told that if he would not get 4 promoters (positive feedback) he will be terminated.  if you are working in retail, Apple probably the best in the market. But if you are finding a meaningful job, which you may passionate about. I suggest you firstly, understand what you like to do. Secondly, consider apple as an normal retail store. please.
It was difficult to progress in the stores, and almost unheard of to be promoted to the head office Opportunities to progress were often offered as short-term 'Experiences' with no increase in pay
Lots of angry customers and very impatient. Tight deadlines for Average handling time and After call work.
Not something that can be controlled by the company, but since you are working in a mall you are subject to retail hours.
No downsides other than the amount of people constantly in the location
There are no real cons, of course always can give you more money, but it's ok for the job
The biggest challenge is that there are so many talented people working at Apple, for management there simply aren't enough opportunities to progress. This leads to people doing whatever it takes to 'one up' and tread on each other to be seen as the best in the hope they'll create the right impression to get ahead. Unless you want to be a Store Manager there literally is a glass ceiling beyond which it is difficult to progress. You'd think working at the company would put you in a prime position to be at the front of the queue to work at head office - unfortunately - this is a misconception. Head office and Apple Corp prefer to source external candidates.  If you're happy to continue working and receiving great benefits and pay but are prepared to put in a lot over the years but not necessarily progress that quickly and are realistic about the prospects then this job would be suitable for you. If not, make the most of the experience and make your mark before moving on - working at Apple is a very well desired personal brand attribute in the job market.
There is not really much room for progression. I never intended to stay with the company, so this wasnt a problem for me. But I saw people within my own store who fully deserved management positions after years of dedicated service, but those positions were out sourced. Great fun until your Apple bubble bursts and you realise its just another business.
This has to be the worst company I have ever worked for, people in there are very "jumped up" and completely unsupportive. I asked my manager questions and I felt like I was in trouble for not knowing the answer more so then ever getting the answer. Completely target driven and target is 90 percent which is nearly impossible to achieve as techniques given to use on customers do not work. This place completely destryoed my confidence with their techniques no support given at all even when it comes to the extra money needed for gas and electricity in your own home.
Slow moving and hence bad for starters
Poor wages Poor management Too many 'clicks' and managers have their 'favourite' employees. The Lead Genius try's sleeping with everyone and all of a sudden, someone gets promoted.
managers are inconsistent ......... store manager micro manages and can be vicious ...........male senior manager is a pervert and is useless......newest manager promoted from within does not care about anyone but himself........  so many people are out on stress leave,,,,,,,,, people quit or move on because managers are idiots.........
There is no career progression, and management is poor in the stores. While the job is fun, there are never enough employees so you're rushed off your feet constantly. This has gotten worse over the last three years.
I can help with music play list & other UI perhaps.
No serious/valid cons to speak of.
Nothing to say at the moment.
Bullying and pecking order mentality, poor quarterly and yearly reviews from management at particular store which in the end made me want to leave
- High pressure around NPI launches with no structured processes in place - Long work hours/overtime - Finger pointing attitude
Opportunity for development, if its a long term career you are looking for its incredibly hard to move up  Retail, goodbye christmas eve and boxing day... etc
Very low pay for the work in comparison to other companies. It's still essentially a call centre environment, with all the metrics that come with it. As it's got bigger the culture has changed, and it's now simply all about metrics, metrics metrics. Something has been lost.
Pressure and too numbers focussed for a company that claims to be for the people
Nothing to add because I love working there
Abilities to advance / local market to small / separate entity
None everthing is great. It is very commendabe
- Managers are not properly trained in regards to products and services. - "Promotions" are seemingly given out during backdoor meetings to people management "like" rather than time/work put in or qualifications. - No work/life balance.
Slow when looking to grow within the company.
Low pay with a good social life
Scheduling ruins personal life. Lots of rude customers. Can be cringe for people in UK.
day to day have nice day
specific stores, in the whole Quebec region, treat their employees like pure garbage.
Too loud an environment (Regent str store) Managers don't always listen
Management and HR are useless. The managers are not passionate about technology or Apple. They get hired from different management roles of other retail stores and have no clue about Apple culture and how to manage their team. This is a general opinion of all the staff at the store. Also, managers get asked for feedback as to who is a great team member which makes no sense. Experts used to be asked which is logical - they can see who is capable of resolving problems, who is learning more skills and understanding the new tech updates and giving correct customer service. The HR team are not HR trained. They have NO people skills! It is seriously ironic. They do not listen, are not approachable and very fascist with the rotas/breaks/holidays/hours flexibility. I have never had to get anything changed but many of my colleagues suffered huge stress from unhelpful HR which make their work/life balance miserable. Yet, it is ok to make people work 8 days straight. At the core training everyone was explained time and time again that its not about the sales, its about giving customers correct information and honest service, not trying to make more money from something they don't need. Halfway throughout my time there - let's see who made most sales, there will be rewards. Horrid. You cannot progress. They promise ability to move and go up to different areas of Apple. No can do. Some creatives have been stuck as sales specialists for 5 years without being allowed to move to teaching (and they teach outside Apple)
there is nothing bad that comes to mind
Everything happens at the last minute
Management are not organised. Not flexible
Remuneration not as high as other companies.
None so far. It's a great place to work.
sometimes split days off on a shift
there are no cons working for apple =)
Stressful, no job security and rigid working hours
- Extreme Micro-Management > Big Apple is watching you... > every toilet break, every mouse click is monitored and will be discussed in weekly meetings with your manager - No freedom/no creativity/no own decission making - Too greedy to provide office space for employees > trying to make you work from home - Kindergarten atmosphere > they treat you like a child/teenager and are surprised if you act like one after a while - Feeling brainwashed and working for a cult > management is resistant against negative feedback - Poor management > wandering from one (unnecessary) meeting to the next instead of being productive > upper management sometimes completely out of touch with the employees - Favoritism in promoting people - Unfulfilling work: You are never good enough. They will always find ways to make you work better/harder even if you achieved all their goals and your statistics look great - You are just a number
Work hours can be a challenge with daily communications required for the US and UK
- Managers are not properly trained in regards to products and services. - "Promotions" are seemingly given out during backdoor meetings to people management "like" rather than time/work put in or qualifications. - No work/life balance.
Not much room to grow, lack of other benefits (need to pay for gym though discounted, need to pay for food though discounted)
Customers that come in can be quite rude
It's retail - long hours, especially during Christmas, and wouldn't let new people have weekends off unless they were booked weeks in advance and would be difficult about changing shifts.
Management constantly favors people Hard to move up Job can become redundant Working weekends and during the week up to 10pm Hard work/life Balance Everyone you know outside of Apple will ask you Apple questions even off the job
- It is hard to live on salary in relation to costs. - Management only care about numbers - No incentives in place if you work harder. - It is a place where a lot of people break down and loose themselves.
No decent pay rise, no bonus or commission, takes years to progress ( 6+ ) still classed as retail, no corporate life ( hotels, credit cards, drinks).  It's a check out job, if you want to come out of b2b sales for a year or 2 to chill out it's the right job, if you are career focused this isn't the job. It's good to get the foot through the door but money and career is better elsewhere. Also they say they look after you but really don't, they are terrible with paying expenses a trip to another store will take months to approve. Boring, controlled and dull job
People come in are very rude and can be quite obnoxious when it comes to customer service.
Strong rules, metrics and kpi's
I enjoyed my time there but it does have that typical big company feel they act like they love you and care for all employees but in reality your just a number to them . I saw many people who were excellent at there job get let go for no reason which is the main reason I decide to leave .
In the role of tech support, you are under a lot of pressure to reach targets daily. You are also expected to put in a lot of hours.
Cliquey people which leads to a toxic work environment
none I can think of at all
Nothing I can think off at the moment
strict rules, little freedom to take responsibility
- You really just get rotated within the same job level in different department - If you want more, it's almost impossible to move into the corporate level.
Very limited responsibility,results are less important than your way of internal relationship settlement. Very limited career opportunities. No respect to work-time balance.
Too big. Too many faces.
Comfort zone for the employee's, people in there can lose ambitions easily. Few career opportunities because of employee turnover rate. Some politics in the office.
some take their passion for physical products a bit too far. Most everything thinks they know what Steve or Tim would think. Quite a few lifers (people who've been there forever and can't do anything else)
Tough to get business proposals approved
Annoying leadership. Really annoying customers who expect the world from a humble retail store. Can be frustrating to,work with at times
no fair payment equal pay to invested time
Can be dull if assigned to certain areas of store - but you are moved around frequently. Very involved and constant continuing professional development. Constant supervision by mid level and senior management on shop floor (this can actually be a benefit) Can be hard to find cover for your shifts if this is your day job.
Work load. But despite the long hours of hard work, many Apple employees seem to think the pros outweigh the cons.
Those who speaks the loudest and ask the most questions instead of actually doing thing get recognized more than ones who do.
Lots of responsibility sometimes overwhelming
If you're not hip then you're not part of the in-store clique. It's a popularity contest - most popular progresses
longer weekend days were often quite challenging
-Management is very controlling, micro manages, and does not take feedback well -Shift work is exhausting and unaccommodating to your personal lifestyles/preferences
You get spoon fed corporate rubbish and brainwashed. A lot of staff try to adopt the Californian culture forced upon us and come across as very fake, unfortunately they are the people who usually get promoted. Very childish atmosphere as the majority of the staff are below the age of 25.
Not supported No life / work balance No support Loyalty for service means nothing
- Not good noise isolation in the office. Not always easy to hear what people are saying on the phone, as there is no noise isolation between desks, at all (only for the senior managers).  - Maximum 10 minutes per week allowance to go to the toilet or away from your desk - manager wants you to ask to go to the toilet, even though they never are there.  - Most people recruited are working from home, for Apple to save money.  - Small canteen - not much selection of food. Often very crowded.  - Management not paying attention to employees' well being - they only care about the numbers and if you're reaching those targets.  - Senior management does not have any contact with "normal" employees - concerns being ignored by both normal managers and senior managers.  - Extreme stress level on team not being addressed nor any of the complaints from employees.  - Extremely hard to get meetings with manager, as they are either out of office unexpectedly, in meetings very often or just don't "have the time".  - Very hard to get days off from work, have to almost beg for it if there are other people off in any days already.  - A high amount of micro management - everything is being controlled, to the point where you almost get nervous to do your job as there will always be something they will point fingers for. Even if it is for being a few seconds too long on a call.  - Unfair workload for different departments - some take a few calls a day, while others take up to 10-20 times more.  - Short lunch breaks.  - Standard office building, no pool tables or games rooms to socialize with colleagues.
Salary is only 27k. Not a lot in the Dublin area. Only 23 days holiday. Health Insurance benefit in kind tax is not paid by the company. Lunch break is short. As with all American companies, even Apple with its excellent attitude towards employees and customers does encourage plastic politeness which is not appropriate when dealing with EMEIA contacts. This can usually be dispensed with though, by simply being genuinely caring and polite.
Not recommend to manager oriented personality
Can be a bit of a club, but depends on the store.
If you haven't bought into the cult culture you do not get ahead. Everyone is policing every one else. snitches get ahead fastest.
Too many managers. Career progression is made extremely difficult.
There are very few people outside Cupertino with any real decision making authority, so people are generally loath or unable to take responsibility for anything. As a result almost everything has to be done in the same way it has always be done, or be approved by at least 10 people.
Demanding workplace with poor work life balance. The expectation is that the goals of the company come first an the rest is secondary. You will be expected to either work long hours if you want to get ahead or alternatively will be perceived as not committed enough.
Not a perfect company culture to work with
Craziness of store gets to you after awhile. Non stop customers makes it difficult to focus on personal growth and feedback. Shift times often tough (10-7, 11-8, 12-9, etc) so it doesn't give a great work life balance. Also working a lot of weekends as of course it is retail.
- Too much politics - abysmal work life balance
There definitely needs to be more breaks. I understand it's a retail environment, but you're feet get so sore standing for 8 hours a day.
Management varies store to store
No work life balance if on shifts - often less than 2 weeks notice of your shifts Double standards within teams - there are people in each team who spend more time away off the phones than on them but it's the ones on the phones who suffer with worse stats and utilisation Jobs given to the "face fits" people - also more jobs going to protected groups than ever before Feeling of pressure to have your whole life revolve round the office but this could be location specific - it was actually said to me (by someone else who no longer works there) that if Apple was not my Number 1 priority in life then I wouldn't get anywhere
Try to find new opportunity to work.
not really clear structure and the career path is not so good, working for a big company may not demonstrate your value, which may cause you short eyesight.
Pay isn't what you'd think, lots of micro managers
No growth Lots of kiss butt to even go from part time to full time and even then no guarantees
Anti-social working hours Working very hard with little career progression unless looking to go into corporate Favouritism
Career progression, work life balance
Not many opportunities to promote
Shift work- shifts last for 3 months. Not much interaction with co workers Taking calls almost all day
Can be challenging to advance in retail. Management isn't very good at helping you develop.
Bad work/life balance and vision for the future biz is unclear
Very low career advancement possibilities, hard to evolve once the genius status is achieved.
"Slow growth" That it no other cons.
The inconsistency with scheduling and demands of Apple Retail. Inconsistency with when we give exceptions and when we do not. I worked RedZone (Sales) for 6 months and now I am an FRS but the pay is the same yet there is more stress and work / accuracy required as a technician. Loads of favoritism, which has benefited me but I don't think it's fair on others.
The expectations of the job are very high, but pay is less than you would get paid at LiDL. Apple are very good at screwing down costs, and employees are simply a cost of sale, so they pay the minimum they can get away with. You don't get told what the pay is before you apply, or during the interview process, so by the time you get the offer you're already emotionally committed. On the plus side, they've started increasing the share options, so overall compensation has improved.
Sometimes work life balance is challenging. It's retail hours after all. There are days when you close and then open the store the next day. They try not to let that happen and they are working on new ways to avoid those kinds of scheduling pitfalls but they do exsist.
If the employees do not move to different areas within the company, then they tented to get very specialized in one area but do not develop their skills another important competencies.
Apple Canada has some evil people working there. You walk into the office and feel like everyone is looking at you and giving you a dirty look. Low morale, people don't smile. They suck all your experience and use it to their advantage. They let go amazing talent for no good reason. Tim Cook seriously needs to do some investigating in Canada. Being diverse means nothing with this group.
It is tough to get into to, but worth it once your there, management need to realise they are not creative based and should try to control us.
It's retail. Retail is relaxed, surrounded by great people and above all safe in terms of a pay check and emotional energy spent on a daily basis. It will drag you down into a pit of self perpetuating despair, littered with moments of unbelievable ambiguity and nonsensical ideas. If you are a creative person, then you in particular will have a hard time of it. You will be constantly caught between a deep monotonous cesspool of anxiety and the belief that helping someone choose a Bluetooth speaker has somehow justified spending 8 hours on a shop floor where 3 5ths of your wages have gone on rent, bills, food and travel before you even get home. When you get home the excitement really begins, a quick meal, a quicker shower and your off to bed before you have to get up and do it all again. At least it's a regular wage you may say, and that's true in part, however the hours are anything but regular, you need to have nearly open availability across the 4 or 5 days and this can lead to 7am-4pm or perhaps 11am-8pm or perhaps a nice 12.30am-9.30pm. Or maybe all of them at random ever changing intervals throughout the 3-6 years that you trudge through in order to hopefully find what it is that you really want to do in life. And I sincerely hope you enjoy your time at apple (should you choose to accept a job there) and I honestly hope you find your true calling in life and after a stint in retail you will undoubtedly appreciate a job you truly love more than you ever thought possible. Good luck.
Lack of transparency Managers hold back staff Fearless feedback doesn't exist
Micromanaging is rampant. Managers are not "team captains" they're dictators. Typically uneducated about the business and more highly focused on forcing behaviours. Managers are prone to spinning truths.
hard, speed, not so bad
The job progression isn't great if you don't want to become a genius or an expert and the wage, although quite high for retail, is pretty low considering the responsibilities and stress of the role. Also be prepared for angry customers at the bar.
- Too much focus on confidentiality, severe repercussions for effecting them - Lack of consistency between all roles and what's expected of them - Often too much ambiguity - Often managing expectations with needy customers
- toxic culture that seeped into off-work time - STRONG kool-aid, if you don't drink it you won't get along well - not a company where you can question or have a real voice - cliques within store
- they expect a lot from you - pressure to reach KPIs - need to know - policy
really bad management too much internal politics very few career progression opportunities
Shifts are not great, change every 3 months, have to bid on shifts and they are allocated based on your stats.
There is nothing to learn from senior management, especially my right boss.
none that come to mind
Social events are always held in cork Recommend they host events (Parties) in other cities
Recruitment process Salary to begin with is pretty low, could be better.
poor management, not good bens
can be hectic and tiring.
Long working hours, very political and tiring
A little bit to centralized
Dealing with entitled people often.
Bad management. Understaffed. Not paid as well as the company could and should.
Nothing negative so far, great environment
Some days can get really stressful Have to always be ready to work
You has to be or learn to be an expert of all the Apple products including Mac, iPhone, iPad and the electronic accessories.
Customers make things a bit hard
Little room for growth if you are not working from Cupertino/CA offices. Quite rigid. Little to no actual research. This varies A LOT on what team you are in. Very prone to the NIH syndrome.
The salary is not among the highest
-You can feel like you get stuck in your role, but this only happens if you feel entitled. It's obvious to other people
After working on a pitch for Apple head office in Cupertino and seeing the culture at Apple, dedication and pride to be part of the most amazing company in the world I cannot think of one reason why I should not make every possible effort to be part of that!
Hard to move or progress. (Career wise) A lot of micro-management.
-Work/life balance with university, if you cannot cope then you will be out the door -Very top down, almost impossible to be promoted (very political) -Store moral has started to change, management has gone through quite a few number of changes and have forgotten about the people working there -Pay is low -Stressful role
management was not great at all , loads of contracts
internal politics and gossip amongst team
Monotonous, terrible management who are completely unsupportive, obnoxious customers who think shouting is the way to get help from you.
too few career options, growing within the company is pretty strategic. they say they listen to your inputs, what they do but in the end do whatever they want or even worse, say no to your idea. and a couple of months later the it on their watch without at lest saying thank you.
required weekend hours and limited choice about scheduling. different groups within an apple store can get a little clicky
Weren't too accommodating at times with working hours for part-time workers who were also students.
- Overwhelming information when you first start working there. - although hours were inflexible for those who are studying full time/have other things
There are too much politics within the company.
gets really busy at time - make sure you wear comfortable shoes! Although it is a perfect part-time job, full time can be really really tiring!
In the end of the day it is a retail job. Not really rewarded for the amount of sales you really do.
I think this is an issue with many helpdesk like positions. It can be hard to move upward, especially working from home, if you don't push for more. I think that Apple, in comparison to other companies I've worked for in support pushes pretty hard to help you move forward.
Metrics are strict but support from management does help Compulsory Saturday hours for AHA college tech support advisors with strict exceptions for part hours off
Very silo based, difficult to find answers to questions which inhibts ability in my opinion. Difficult to build influential network outside of US.
Growing pains the first few years Management doesn't seem to be on the same page all the time Work/Life Balance non-existent
Management can change often and you can end up not getting recognition for all your work if not documented clearly by your previous manager
Hard to get change of shifts
Short term contracts so no job stability or security. Shifted around from different teams a lot but this is good to gain experience in different areas.
- Poor management - No room for growth
Longer hours is expected. Meeting timeline is a must and do whatever it takes. Heavy business trip.
Disconnect with what was said and what was done by management, slow erosion of the core values that led people to working there. Training opportunities and time for development slowly eradicated.
Extremely full on environment, lots of angry customers
Because you can fix anything, you're expected to be able to fix anything. Aside from engineering, Enterprise was "Best of the Best" technical skills wise.  But the cost was being expected to do everything, and still maintain the level of service offered when call levels were low.
Depending on the department you work for networking may be more important than actual skills or results. It may be difficult to progress when hired mainly for your language skills
Management rarely listens to employees, often focused on their own agenda
Being denied to your dream grad school hurts, but it is not personal. At the risk of sounding philosophical, things do work out for the best. Nevertheless, don't give up.
I have nothing to say.
Company does not really encourage internal movement, unless you're under rotational program.
Reporting Officer said 'Don't rock the boat' when feedback about a process gap
Clear difference inbetween contracters and permanent employees at many occasions. That can be awkward when you are hours before a meeting not sure if you are allowed to attend with your status.
The only con I took away from my time at apple was the micromanagement. Managers watched your every move and every process had an instruction list. Not much autonomy.
Long working hours and too much traveling. In peak seasons one would barely spend any weekend back home because of the product promotion and media engagement.
your position is not secured until you receive your permanent contract.
nothing, occasionally some customers but that is expected
pathetic HR, no sense of humanity, bunch of morons, no knowledge of operating Mac, iPhones and teaching the world about Apple products
Can be hard to get days off,
Lowest salary ever. Lowest possibility to be promoted
Working from home sometimes can be lonely . You have to have a sense of self discipline. You must be willing to learn new things every day and improve yourself
Poor management, low wages, no career opportunities
Not many opportunities for advancements
Very competitive among other employees. The people there all have goals in mind to move up the ranks, so there's a lot of competition to move up
limited career development opportunity internally, narrow job scope
Your performance is nowhere near as important as how friendly you are with management.
There is no cons working there
7-24, Work work work only.
Competitive in the job field
At times, it can feel like you're in a cult. Terrible hours - no actual schedule even for full-time employees and you only get 2 weeks notice. It's hard to plan anything in advanced.
Politics, as with any huge company
Expanding too quickly in globally. The management is not yet ready to manage such a large population.
Fast-paced environment, very little time to really focus on customer needs.
Too much training at Apple.
Stale in terms of development unless you suck up to the managers or leaders. Again, if you aren't a people person this won't work out for you.
No bonus, limited budget for team building. No flexi working hour in the department, always change of the organization structure or reshuffle of seats.
nothing to mention about this company
The Kool Aid, that is a very real psychological drink that can do strange things. The people who engage with the company's culture at the core of a level are not bad people. To be clear, it is a personal preference not to let myself go deep into it all. Personally, I have some ethics issues with the purpose and point of Apple products beyond efficiency and necessity in our digital world. However, the attitudes of the Kool Aid drinkers is altered in a specific way, where Apple's ideologies and sales tactics, their marketing, and their overall evangelical hype become the rule of law in the store when it comes to process questions, or fairness in regards to things like exceptions and warranty based issues, profiteering and overall business strategies.
No actual targets so everyone tries to undermine each other while being really friendly which is difficult to gauge. if you make the smallest slip up someone comes in to correct you and take the customer off your hands.
Managers Progression Wages Exchange journal (rating tool is waste of time)
long working hours ..good company
Busy/long hour shifts, annoying customers lol
Work life balance for uni students - expected you to work a lot and prioritise them over uni commitments.
- Very lean company. You can be fired at any quarter. - A lot is expected of you. - Environment is competitive. - Advancement is very difficult.
Impossible for women to advance in technical roles (in my store), ableist, leaders are too involved in their own political power struggles to care about employees. All the senior technicians bailed on our location because leadership was a mess.
Always Online and high pressure, high accountability
Parts of the company can be quite silo'd from one another.
Most decisions made at head office, region is very executional, can get a bit repetitive. Some departments are better than others. SDM, RSLR, ONL are all not great department to work for but sales and RFL are better.
The only one downside may be the Narrow Pathway in retail
Very long medical claims process.
It's quite hard to relocate with Apple... Especially silly to Brasil...
Salaries are quite low in the beginning but if you are hard worker and interested you can get your way up to a better salary.
Once you reach this role, there are no avenues to advancement outside of leadership. If I want to secure a corporate position in engineering or software development, I'll need to leave the company and get relevant experience and training elsewhere, which is sad. I don't want to leave!  Pace of work is relentless. You are never not busy. Every second of your time on the clock you are vitally important to the success of the whole team. If you care about who you work with (and most invariably do), this can be quite stressful. Almost impossible to work to a good enough level unless you feel 100% both physically and mentally.
I did not have any problems in the apple company and I loved it there but sometimes I am too lazy to work
They will side with white people a lot more than with anyone of color. I once got in trouble simply because I didn't ignore color or counted myself as one of the color blind employees (I'm not white). I'm very disappointed with the company.
Sometimes is hard working and even in holidays but it is totally worth it to do everything that I did
You have to put in hard work but it's worth it because you get your pay and it's good to have a challenge!
The payroll scheme is not transparent and unfair . They hire people for the same job but offering different salary. sometimes, people's salary is about 3 times more than you.
Low salary, low job progression to Apple inc from Retail. Huge amount of nepotism and to be honest. Business 'leaders' have a background in sales, but lack foresight with wider topics such as how to be agile and proactive with reaching out to customers. No clear understanding around Events implementation and startups. Unable to utilize internal staff to host events and rather use budget for Campus 2. Retail Business has so much potential, it's a shame where we are going. I have to work under crazy conditions whilst being asked to perform 5 x better than you did, with no compensation or benefit.
Nothing yet to be honest but its good
not much freedom, must alwyas be positive and bubble, feedback culture is not always what you would expect
Its personal issues. Let you know directly
Working long hours and said to be low paid
I am unable to provide much in terms of cons for this company as I enjoy my job and I believe it is one of the best retailers on the planet
Have to constantly be touching base with managers to prove you are doing well. Too many staff. Don't get sick, no sick pay. The surprise factor works in everything. No matter what they say about building relationships, it is all about the customer and mainly how much you sell. High turnover in staff especially temp/seasonal.
The worst management I have ever seen. I have over 10 years of employment history in the IT industry and I never had any grieviences with management until joining this particular Apple Retail Store. Very negative and very condesending attitude from some managers in particular here at this store. Management offer ZERO support and are very quick to threaten employees with formal warnings of "disiplinary action" for those of us that dont meet the targets of serving at the minimum of 6 customers per hour for technical support at the Genius Bar. Good technical ability and customer service is not valued or appreciated by management. They only care about how many customers we can see per day. We are lucky to have enough time to even ask a customer their name here. There are NO breaks here. Just a lunch break midway through a 9 hour shift. There is ONE toilet that serves the entire store of approx 140 employees!!!! If any of the Genuis bar staff are more than 30 seconds away from the Genius Bar, management immediately start hounding then over the instore radios asking "Anybody have eyes on...(employee name)" Anyone who dares to stand up to or to question management here is bullied and hounded until they finally leave the store (and MANY end up leaving this particular store) Working conditions: The is virtually NO air conditioning at this store. The heat is unbearable working here, even in winter. Wearing apple shirts is mandatory but each employee is given just 2 t-shirts (1 long sleeve and 1 short sleeve) This is not sufficient as we need to change/wash these daily due to all the perspiration in the unbearable heat in this store. Several coworkers here also use bully tactics. They are 2 faced and like to send nasty emails to management with "feedback" on new employees in particular. The only company i have worked in where it is "mandatory" to attend "out of store social events" These occur several times per year and any employees who dont attend receive an "attendance occurance" (its classed as being the same as calling in sick due to illness). We are expected to attend these even if they are scheduled on our day off.... Overall, this store is by FAR the worst employment I have ever had in more than 15 years of work experience, including over a decade in the IT industry. It was so unbearable that I couldnt endure it any longer and resigned.
Poor senior management, unable to transmit company's value
Lots of game playing, opportunities only given to favourites, special treatment given to favourites who are basically yes men and agree with management no matter what, structure of how to progress and what's right and wrong is in dire need of fixing and reorganising.
-Regularly can find yourself understaffed, overwhelmed, and under supported -Leadership can be absent to day to day operations -Very few options for long term growth after you hit certain positions
None at the moment I can say.
Hours, progress for people only began since Angela, work life balance and schedule is complain in every role instore. Career progression is hard as mentors constantly change
Antisocial hours-be prepared to rarely get a weekend off. It's just the nature of the job. Apple customers seem to like to call at the weekend!
Difficult to move up the ladder since a lot of people have been working there for a few years.
If you work in the retail sector you'll have to get accustomed to those types of hours. You've got to be customer focused and have a lot of energy because at times the work can be rather draining.
no cons whatsoever. like I said, best job I've ever had.
They say that you can develop. But is not ever true
Lack of training and opportunities
Retail hours aren't good for work-life balance
Zero work life balance and poor career development
Overtime is normal and everyone is overly secretive
Management are very unhelpful. Bathroom breaks are timed.
There is no downside as per my own experience as Apple hires Smart out of Smart people.
hard to move around
Weirdest KPI system ever. Your performance solely relies on customers' OVERALL satisfaction. It doesn't matter whether a customers is pleased with your service. As long as he/she is not happy about anything (software bugs, device defect, system errors, bad attitude from other advisors, whatever) which affect the overall experience, you get a ZERO. Zeros are dreadful. Details cannot be disclosed but your job may be in danger.
The managers are total elitist bullies. The hiring policies are bizarre. They stress how good quality their staff are but majority are lowlife bullies. You have to REALLY kiss rump to progress. The work starts off interesting but gets mundane fast.
Retail schedule doesn't allow for a routine and does not give weekends and holidays off. Apple culture can be hard to deal with sometimes.
Salaries grid are sometimes really narrow, and you really have to be a good speaker and to know how to sell yourself to obtain what you want.
There is not any! I like it very much.
Must perform to meet KPIs at all times
Poor salary for the work expected Too many external hires Poor top-down communication
Let me just say that it depends on your position in the company, but as an FRS (mobile technician) I was constantly exposed to customer and their rude behaviour.  Firstly, 90% of these customers are already coming with problems (whether real or perceived), so you're wrong for all the bad things in the world and they are constantly release their anger on you. They won't staff for free and escalating to your manager if you don't let them as they wanted. This happens quite often and unless you’re hard as stone and without emotions then you will be under constant stress as I was.  Secondly, Apple promises you as least an hour every two weeks off the floor for your own personal training development, but in my 8 months there I didn’t get any of that time. So, apart from the initial training, I didn’t receive any other additional training or time to explore other areas of expertise within Apple as they promise you will on your core training.  The pay is terrible ($20/h) for constant stress and certain tech expertise which is exactly the same as the Sales specialists who literally just stand around and offer products information if customer approaches - no pressure here as there is no sales targets. So, while the sales guys are not exposed to angry customers, they are paid the same, which gives you no incentive to work.
Hours are not consistent Political personality contest Favouritism Lack of growth and opportunities Very busy and fast-paced  Management thinks part time employees are inept - pretends to care about employees but actually couldn't care less. It's all a political game. If you're into that, then you'll do great. Otherwise, being genuine and working hard will get you nowhere in Apple. Regardless of the compliments and positive feedback I received from customers, I was never recognized by management.
Can't think of any big cons for when I worked at apply. Shift work made it hard to have a life but that's not specific to Apple.
Very fast paced, to the extend that it can feel overly hectic a lot of the time. This never, ever lets up, so it's possible to burn out.
tasks could be overloaded sometimes
no career opportunity, growth is too slow
Long hours and weekends to work
Career progression is slow to move upwards
- disappointing training environment- would have expected more from such an organisation - Pay is very low compared to other similar jobs - Teamwork is not always the best - little or no social environment or activities
You must be an enthusiastic, positive and naturally a helpful person, customers will require your outmost attention and patience.
Everything pass with Cuppertino, burocreatic, they put you in a work environment where everybody fend for yourself, you don´t have a career path
Pay is rubbish considering "the most profitable company on the planet", Management are next level complains department and don't really manage just paid to never loose a argument, Monotonous duties and everyday is the same old, Progression is in the hands of the gods/management so you have to be best mates with all of them regardless of what you really think, Rewards don't exist
They like there pound of flesh. Long hours and they have strict rules for everything. Hard to relax and have a personality.
boring, no chance for advancement
• Politics, two-faced and fake individuals, nepotism, management is full of bullies whose behaviour is tolerated, and because no one really doesn't anything about it. Feedback doesn't do anything to change them or your situation. Complaining doesn't do anything. The best managers who really care and do what they can to help you get fired or forced out. HR doesn't help you with anything, ever. You'll be bounced around like a tennis ball and then forgotten about. • Brainwashing you to tell you how great you are daily. But it's retail all the same. It's a game. If you don't play, you'll be treated with disdain until they find a reason to fire you or you quit out of desperation. Being honest and hardworking is not rewarded. Kissing butt does. Being intelligent, opinionated and not taking crap is not what they want. They want drones who will work hard, smile and shut up. • Your life revolves around work, not the other way around. Forget work/life balance, despite them talking about it all the time.
Large company that can sometimes feel too big.
- "Fearless Feedback" just leads to power trips and is counterproductive overall - Can be very "cliquey" as far as promotions go "which are limited" - As much as it's pushed not to be a sales environment, it definitely is especially with the extended warranty targets and extended time spent assisting customers vs. selling seen as a negative.
Work is called challenge . Challenge change everything once you challenge then take hard work to achieve our goal it see lot of customers happiness☺
Some coworkers don't follow our values and if they have some power they let it go to their head, just like any workplace. Sometimes upward movement is a little fuzzy to see
No upward mobility, no opportunities for personal skill development or improvement.. Doing the same thing day in and day out
You can see yourself doing a lot of hours
Evident racism They don't care about your performance or your contribution, if you've made a mistake you're out and will be forgotten . Don't expect any dignity or respect for anything you've done for the company.  ZERO work-life balance . I almost forgot how long it was since I had seen my family or friends properly because you rarely ever get the time.
but management is not work closely with team. Need to work shift and ready for changes
Hypocrites, rave on about hiring 'personalities', yet after a short period of time you must conform to maximise (output) - essentially: "it is what it is". Considering the amount of information to retain and work ethic, pay not competitive. Didn't like the whole "this product is great because..", a personal note but regardless of what products were pushed out you had to believe it could almost cure cancer.
Can be insincere and managers can be patronising Environment can be a little bit clinical
Difficult to progress beyond a certain point within the retail division. Plenty of talk about development and career path but actual opportunities are limited. The company seems to prefer hiring external candidates (who are often culturally mismatched) into higher level positions rather than promoting internally. A lot of talented people stick around for a while then find "serious" jobs elsewhere, rather than progressing within Apple.
Retail work - dealing with the general population on a daily basis. The pay is only at a standard retail rate, and there is no bonus or incentive structure in place.
very busy , long hours
Job Progression can be slow
Challenging work - Crazy deadlines
Customers think that they deserve everything without an appointment and are completely entitled because "I own an iPad AND an iPhone!!! And I DROVE here!!" when in fact everyone else is in the same boat and so many companies don't even come close to Apple's free technical support so the privilege gets abused. Managers instill rules into you that nobody can see the genius bar without an appointment and make you look like the bad guy when someone's screaming and you say there's nothing you can do and then they swoop in and pluck them a slot out of thin air anyway just to avoid them making a scene. So infuriating.
Ultra secretive environment means that you are regularly forced to react last minute (part of the Apple culture.) Depending on your role, much is dictated by Apple HQ Growth opportunities outside of HQ are limited, most geos are typically very flat
the management the corporate structure repetitive job
The load is very high
Beautiful from outside, but only insider knows the pain.  Company model & procedures are too well organized, what you can learn other than your own responsibilities are limited, also you will have restricted freedom to work efficiently. Creative ideas always took decade to be finalized.  Top management are likely to promote sweet talker not the best performer, they intend to cover their eyes by doing nothing but put lots of pressure on existing employees without clear development plan and career progression. For example, most of the representatives stay in the same level/ role for more than five years. One more thing that I don't like about Apple is office politics.
Makes you unwell, makes you depressed, nobody cares, HR is a free phone number with people who can't speak english
repairs, Troubleshooting, Programing, installing IOS, upgrading
There aren't any Cons apart from the lack of new stores and therefore lack of opportunities to progress
Its too big of a company, easy to be overlooked even if you bring in best performance
too much pressure and target impossible to reach the metrics changes each month more worklow more product to manage and no compensation
The culture is indeed rich but it only takes one or two individuals to abuse it by using it's almost utopian communication style as a weapon to serve their own means.
Busy and intense work load, as well as customer traffic, Requires a lot of flexibility and availability,
Hard to advance as limited opportunities. No one leaves and very flat structure means it can be hard to make a real impact
No significant cons to speak of
Not many cons to working here. Make sure you own your development and career progression and regularly make an effort to connect with line managers as they can be very busy
Serious discrimination and conducts issues happening within. HR and management cover up for the managers they like. Few years back when HR changed the employees performance appraisal, managers use the new appraisal to mark down / disclaim the older staffs. If is only 1 or 2 managers with similar act against employees they wanted to get rid, it could be the managers' problem. When managers treating the employees happening across different departments, is there some form of "encouragement" to such acts from certain authority level?  There is no check against any disclaim or mark down by HR unless employee raises it up. Some manager allow supervisor to put in impossible goals in employees' appraisal with manager signed off. Funny thing is when the employee raise to the manager, manager agreed that is not a fair deal. Apple promotion could sometimes be about favoritism and racial more than capabilities.  When manager breach of conducts and deny the violation to HR with "I don't remember I said that.", manager wins the case. HR closed it and leave it to the manager handle with the employee. Little does HR knew the manager told the employee, "I may have said that.", "I could be pointing to another employee not you." when she tried to brush the case off. So what happen if employees are allow to obtain the evidence with their own means and put it up in the internet. Only then employee gets a fair case? This particular manager took more than one conduct case into her own hands "forcing" another employee to leave due to certain type of citizenship / race both employees are holding. On the base, she encourages gang bully within her team to help her eliminate those she dislikes.  Same thing happen when an cross team lead (formerly was Apple online store call agent) and few others existing call center agents make profit out of Apple products under the employees discount plan via cash transactions. Conduct team closed eyes on the purchase even the case was raised anonymously. Such cases can be easily found in the company records. Relevant team also has the means to proof it without the need to know is a cash transaction yet not identify the violation.
They want you to sell Apple Care but you don't get a commission for it.
It is a very large company and has a very different feel to the others that I have worked at. There was also a large push towards keeping corporate secrets, which makes it impossible to share what I was doing with others.
- callcenter metrics and and all the fun pressure - you are a number who creates numbers - it does not matter if everything is good. !There is always room for improvement!!! you will here this very often to pressure you to work more - mandatory overtime. yes in the contract it says voluntary. but if you don´t do them your yearly review will be bad and you wont get any raise or promotion. -management will "promote" you to supervisor or any other department if the business needs it happened to me personally - I asked, and if i don´t want to get promoted, the answer was we do not ask you.) - if you don´t befriend a manager you wont get promoted  Also a big Con: Cork City. The rents are so high you need to share a flat/house with 3-5 other people.
if a lot of people do not like you, you might end up in a lot of conversations with management due to "performance" at work, specifically in jobs where your work does not have a specific target
less career opportunity, it will take more than 3 years to get a chance to be promoted.
I believe in life there are many challenges but every challenge has an answer so I find nothing as a challenge until it has no answer
competitive and fast working environment
The salary is not so much, especially in sales department. Working here is amazing experience, but I can not live my life with part time salary.
-There are politics that come into play when you begin to work at Apple. Some people become quite fake even though you are encouraged to be yourself.
Consistently busy and management focused on numbers although that's not in Apples credo. Sometimes expected to do more than your job title
No real rewards for excellent performance , whilst career progression is offered its very hard as so many hoops and lots of people wanting the same role.
Apple has a restricted policy towards new applications submitted to their App Store. you have to meet the standards to get accepted and the down side is if your application gets rejected more than three times your membership might get cancelled.
there is nothing that i can think of but if i had to mention something i would say the uniform
Management tell you that you are replaceable and anyone else could do the job you are doing, lack of care from management to staff and you can work work and work and get no thanks but mess up once and you will hear about it
Tough retail hours For every ONE friendly customers you get 10 nasties No christmas party or social committee Company feels bloated with people and internal competition People drink a lot
Company is so big takes awhile to move up
Micromanagement. Code of secrecy was overbearing at times.
May feel neglected due to fast paced environment
Not keen on promoting within store, and the quickest way to do it is to seek another job in a different store and then pick the higher job in the original store...which is frustrating.
Could be routine at some stage, normally you can only get promoted or moved to another department when you have passed 1 year.
Sometimes you feel like a number.
Treated like children, not a real account manager job. Very hard to explain what you do in your next set of interviews. Weird title looks awful on LinkedIn as putting account manager is frowned upon. YOU HAVE TO CLOCK IN AND OUT TO ARRIVE, LEAVE, AND EVEN GO TO LUNCH.
There weren't any cons really.
in retail, too many employees, then very hard to get promoted.
Depending on the store you're at it can be extremely stressful. Like EXTREMELY. So watch your stress levels its not worth it.
It was my first internship Cali so everything was pretty good
1. Try to change the management and stop to glorify people without skills or qualities 2. Very bad shifts ! Without any sense! You really don't need to do that hours because you have moments without volume of work. 3. Stop to have team leaders that they are thinking that they are the best and God. 4. Payroll is just horrible. Every month they are doing "mistakes" with your money, of course paying you less. 5. Stuff unfairly treated with management preferences
Be prepared to get into the smallest detail and then jump to the global view within seconds
Its retail, hours make it hard to create a good work/life balance
High performance environment. You need to be switched on all the time, having an off day hits your colleagues really heavily, I haven't experienced that before in retail
Poor salary (Below market rate), poor selection for some leader.
The management isn't the best for interns. The employees cycle through a team to manage the intern.
Everything. Long hours and short carefully managed breaks. Essentially call centre breaks with macdonalds pay. 'Leaders' who are generally comprised of the dumbest group of individuals you could ever imagine.
Most people over-work, no work life balance
Too much politics, very hard for non Irish to get any promotion. You cannot get a higher position if you are not making friends with the management, staying many hours extra and take on other projects on the top of your own work. Management are chosen depending on who they know and not for their skills so lots of them are pretty incompetent. Many decisions the company makes increase the difficulty for the employees to work well. You are asked to work 125% percent all the time, stay extra hours and treated like a robot
- Still retail at the end of the day - Customers unrealistic
- For such a large organisiation, it is tough to get change to occur.  - It does get very, very busy. Be prepared.
hope it could have more transfer opportunities in different department
no cons for me at all
Can't really think of anything negative as my experience there taught me so much. Would and do recommend to friends.
retail environment is not good on general. Have to deal with in-polite customers on daily basis.
Experience doesn't really help you much here. They seem to only hire like minded people from the hospitality industry, which is not the way it was before.  Advancement is bleak for the above reason.
None really. You can achieve whatever you set your mind to!
Too many. Customers can be a nightmare and so precious about their apple products, like they'll die if their phone doesn't work. Its just a phone. I know people who have progressed far into the company, and lots of others like me who didn't. I always went that extra mile for my customers, which is one of THE most important parts of the service, but because my numbers weren't good enough, I was never really considered for a promotion. Echoes of "We don't care about the numbers" are injected into you from day one, but that couldn't be further from the truth if progression is what you are after. If you want to go through the ranks, you have to suck a bit of that d to get there, and the right d at that. Crappy working weekends all the time if you are part time. Also, since Jobsy died, the company has stopped exceeding expectations. Now it just delivers what the customers 'want', which is a bit tacky. I mean an iPad Pro? Gross.
Some managers have their 'cliques' and favoured personnel, making things difficult for a large amount of Specialists, in particular. Some will spend part of their day procrastinating with BoH staff and paying little attention to the happenings on the floor.
Too many internal websites and resources and messages to keep up with. More time should be allotted for staff to read materials that are published daily.
Management is not good in Sweden
very busy working life on individuals, sometimes over communicated, some overlap and unclearly identified responsibilities, rush in expansion sometimes without enough preparation
I got fired recently even though I've been working there for 4yrs and a half, 5 years in july. I was shocked as they started the procedures when the incident happened at the end of november but I was fired in Janurary on a day I was working. I was working during the holidays almost 40 hours a week and was even working on the day I was fired(they scheduled me on a meeting at my last hour to fire me).I understand some employees must be fired but the reason I got fired was completely unjustified and I dont even feel like fighting the case as Im extremely dissapointed,hurt and shocked.
Sometimes may be required to do extra working hours but not so often.
Silo-ed, location not quite attractive, no knowledge about new products, overly secretive
The schedule is full-time and intense, so it's necessary to be in good health. Sometimes the operation and requirements of a retail environment as the Apple Store it is may put company culture and employee necessity in second place, this can make the employee feel de-valorized, underestimated. Also, the recognition policy (promotions, career development) is sometimes obscure and still something that needs to be well developed.
Tiring and might be stressful sometimes
Some staff are very rude & disrespectful and most customers were quite rude.
Managers are not qualified to do their jobs. Does not matter how much experience a Manager has in Retail if they don't know how to speak to someone then they will never be a leader.
Only ok work life balance, some departments have very demanding hours , and expected to do unpaid overtime every week
Very slow growth, achieving target is must, management never able to give right inputs on key areas, have huger for sales but no means to achieve the same
Strict scheduling, tough to get more than two weeks off, if that.
was a little stressful because you will have so many customers at the same time, bus I am sure that you can do it
This was a Retail job, but what was required of you was so much more. With Apple always in the highlight, this role was as an ambassador and each interaction you had with a customer was enough to make or break the relationship.
not flexible with work hours and shifts
Leadership concerns and politics, recognition/promotions are provided to those with personal relationships with leadership not necessarily on talent, although it should be a combination of both. Communications can be difficult at times
Alienated from an open channel of communication with your boss. Resources are less when working from home
None that i think of
Very static position, no growth or promotion at all.
None I can think of
Too many people, too much competition if you want to get promoted. Some retail store in HK are becoming a nanny company, the management tries to control every aspect of the employees, eg. Where to stand to the floor, no talking between colleagues, what you can wear under the uniform,etc..
Cult-like management, no work life balance, boys club
A lot of customers ALL The Time. Often very hot and very limited when it comes to face to face interacting (meaning 100% of interactions with customers are face to face)
Hard to be promote into higher management
Not so much progression, micro managment, annoying customers, hard to get appreciated for your efforts, digficult to get recongnition if you work hard, makes you feel you might aswel do the bare minimum just enough to retain the job
- Hyperpolitical - Discriminatory - Behind-closed-doors conversations - Unaware of the true nature of "transparency" - Unaccepting of challenges made by employees - Management
No advancement opportunity more like a b2b experience
There is a great deal of competition between staff members and it is usually the ones who evangelise the brand most who come out on top, regardless of performance. More than once I was passed over for promotions or other rewards such as trips to Cupertino and additional training opportunities, despite consistently being one of the stores top performers (contrary to popular belief, Apple Store employees do have targets). This is one of the reasons I left, management did not want to take me out of my sales position (known internally as 'the Red Zone') where I was a solid performer and allow me to stretch my wings. I was only the second person in the stores history to receive the maximum possible ranking in my annual review. Subsequently I saw many junior staff members whom I tried move ahead given opportunities I missed out on which eventually made me feel disillusioned.
A lot of pressure and
First year is a blast, after that, its the same thing over and over again. Career opportunities are slim, even if management promises you something, its likely not to happen.
Work life balance is almost non-existent. Getting two days in a row off is very difficult. Pay could use a little help as well.
Many coworkers who do not try or work as hard, little to no upwards mobility, systems are flawed.
- Often hard to get a job - Tough interview process
Nothing app have protected iPhones from spy Nothing app have protected iPhones from spy Nothing app have protected iPhones from spy
Very corporate structure and not flexible enough
Stress, long hours, very crowded, noisy, and often hostile environments - felt like going in to battle on most days.
Like in every Callcenter, it´s tracked for every single second what you´re doing
Apple Retail in china,never like the Apple.extremely like Chinese company in china,with incredible speed developing open the store in china,staff getting lower lower. almost all the manger comes from KFC. Walmart. Carrefour.
not much career development and career progression
Barely any for a part-timer. Full-time positions mean you can be at the store through extremely quiet periods.
- Retail culture and environment - Almost cultish atmosphere towards brand and Apple products - Difficult to get promoted and near impossible to leave retail - Very strict policies and procedures - Customers are very demanding and have a sense of entitlement
Rampant bullying from team leaders and it is known about by HR but they won't do anything about it. Excessive pressure to be perfect. Need to explain why you get a bad review when it was in fact for someone at the retail store stuffing up, they will not remove this, you just have to wear it. No work life balance whatsoever even though they claim you do. Often worked well past finishing time. Expected (forced) to work extra hours when new product or iOS issued and around Christmas.
Salary poor, no job ladder other than management, no link to corporate, junior (floor ) managers have no leadership qualities and are essentially redundant. Hire too many mediocre managers from incompatible retail culture.
I dont have any downsides ideas about Apple. Finally Am so exicted because apple is world number one company
No cons about Apple inc!
The management team are terrible at creating an environment of bullying. No parking was offered to employees despite spaces being available.
Repetitive job No privacy (open spaces)
None whatsoever that I can think of at the moment.
little communication about goals moving forward. Very last minute
High amount of secrecy and rigidity. Employees are highly specialized, making it difficult to learn multiple skill sets that will aid career growth.
Apple stores can get very busy so if you can't handle large crowds and constant conversations with new customers then this environment may not be for you.
Its tough to be part of that org
1. Secrecy between various levels of management 2. Less chances of growth
no salary increase from sales specialist
nothing to mentION about this company
Low promote chance Unclear career path
Workload seemed to increase continuously. Each financial quarter seemed to ask for more with less resources. Seemed like a preference to hire externally rather than promote internally.
Managers swap around too unexpectedly
Hierarchy, Top-down, command oriented, ambiguity
No real career opportunities outside of the call center.
It's to be competent, with Many qualities like efficient, good use of Time, be joyful and like job well done.
Can deal will troublesome customers. But there are procedures in place that help with all, so this con lasts about as long as you allow it.
The company's constant desire to change things can be irksome at times, it can be difficult sometimes to be constantly up to date with the vast array of the latest policy/procedural changes which are constantly taking place.
No progression, boss is very micromanaging. Big team, little to no contribution as a basic admin
Not suitable for slow-lerners, very agile, highly competetive
There was limited amount of cons when it came to apple, as they are always an impressive brand. However, more staff will be good too.
Not always there wen u need them urgenly to solf an issue
Store can be busy. Culture can be extremely customer focused and little regard is given for high sales performance, no sales targets are set.
Being watched a lot. Like most contact centers
Corporation is too big - even the smallest tasks become a job role because of the scale, and therefore what you're able to learn goes down relatively compared to a medium or small sized company.
Strange hours. Though schedule. Retail = retail.
The money is not too great. It might even be slightly less than competitive. Your work life depends highly on your immediate colleagues and the people you work with. Even if you pretty much embody Apple's core values, being in a team where people simply want to pass the time will make your life miserable. Oh and you can't escape office politics. The performance review system leaves much to be desired. Work life balance can be good but you end up working overtime most days because everyone does and it doesn't leave a good impression if you're always heading home before everyone else.
Days can be really long and there can be times when customers may not be compliant or understanding. If you're not patient enough, then this job might be a challenge for you.
As an intern I was quite chill. But being a full-time employee could be stressful for some roles.
Not all interns at equally valued in the company. Some are doing more exciting stuff while some are mainly supporting role
Leadership are full of arrogant people. No growth opportunities. If you're not with the 'in' crowd, there will not be any promotions for you.
No bonuses, little opportunity to progress within the retail sector
No tips or bonuses, which hurts when you sell 100-1000 Macs a day or meet famous people and want to reward you for how well you've looked after them with your service. On your feet most of the day.
It is basically a BIG white call centre, handling calls with angry customers, awkward customers and so on... Customers will put lots of pressure on you as they think that because they bought an Apple device, they own all the rights to get a proper decent working device .... and they think that even being out of warranty they deserve to get a new device without any fusses as they bought an expensive device at first and the list goes on. Basically , just do psychological work , trying all the day round to make the customer not keen to send you a bad evaluation as it will impact your work performance ... just completely non sense at all and mentally exhausting without having even taken into board the Hierarchy which is just ludicrous as when you consult a SUPERIOR as so called, this one hasn't any clues whatsoever
flexible, Promotion opportunities, low pay
it was a very controlling culture
not many career opportunity to transfer other department
Despite their reputation for innovation, this does not apply to certain parts of the organisation.
Work/Life balance is difficult because evenings and weekends are required, and it's very difficult to get holidays off. No clear guide or support to advance from retail to corporate employment within the company. Once you reach a certain level in the store you're kind of stuck.
but if you wanna grow your skills and improve yourself in the management part go to a smaller company !
It's a retail job so sometimes you have to deal with rude customers
Sometime is a little bit too crazy environment and lack of hours at certain times of the year. Also the training is not great
Not enough hours and can be stressful at times
Poor work-life balance, limited career opportunities (typical of pyramid organisations, but they let you think the world is your oyster - it's not). People are judged, and progress based on 'toeing the company line'. It's rare (not impossible) for anyone else to progress.
occasionally need to work too much
1. Not Apple employees. We signed the contract with the human resources company. The compensation between vendors and apple employees is different. 2. Apple IT system in China is bad. It is more like a high-end retail place in China. Not a tech company.
Not too many. Could have better pay though. Someone needs to pay for that Lamborghini ,)
very very hard work all along the year
The customers can sometimes be obnoxious
multi tasking fat paced high work stabdard  apple is in the lead role and workinf condition for peoppe is highly standard
nothing really, deal with a variety of different kinda customers.
they hire and fire easily
long hours but always supported through it, sometimes you're given more hours than you need but it can always be helped
Secretive nature of the company gets in the way of innovation.
Their is limited possibility to move up within the company (solid division between retail and corporate). Hours fluctuate greatly depending on launch dates of products and crunch times (to be expected from any retail job)
time schedule is not stable
Failed to adhere to their promise on fair and equal career opportunities as their hiring manager hires based on bias judgement. Many years of obvious feedbacks are never being reviewed nor addressed to. Only boot licker and beauty can progress far without any true abilities. Unfortunately, Singaporean will have extreme difficulty for career growth as they only hires Singaporean to increase their WP quota.
It's a large company with a deeply engrained culture, you really have to believe in what you are doing to stay motivated. Change happens quickly and if you are not able to adapt to what can sometimes be a jarring fundamental culture shift, you can quickly feel out of place.
Organization in transition and trying to find itself again as senior retail leadership sorts itself out. It's not what it was and that's not necessarily a bad thing, it's just more the waiting game while the new Apple retail sorts itself out
- Limited possibilities to grow out of Retail and into offices. - Lots of other employees - great competition for promotion.
no career ladder. poor poor managmmet, no flexibility. you are a slave on the phone.period
Hard work and very demanding customers, some days can be relentless especially for technicians, money could be better for skill set required. Management do not manage poor performance well too much focus on peer related feedback when managers intervention needs to play a part.
Running around the warehouse to find the products, having to walk a lot upstairs or downstairs to find the product for the customer!
Management was largely a mess. The store (in Brent Cross) was far too small for the number of customers who attend it, also makes working there claustrophobic. Only one toilet between all staff. Customers could be extremely rude.
stress and lot of work
Sometimes management not able to take in feedbacks from employees.
There is a huge back office operations and when you are further from representing the brand to end customer, sometimes the sense of purpose to individuals gets lost along the way.
It is not easy to change in field & changes happens everyday, copping up with it is a huge challange
Less than $15 unless you run the place. Sub-contracts to companies that pay employees minimally
So many customers to serve, feels tired at end of day.
No time to get to know your workmates
Remoteness Time zone makes for few interactions with US
Can be hard to progress. Large talent pool to choose from. As such, it usually takes years to progress as opposed to months.
Long drawn interview process requires absolute determination and endurance. Fast pace environment, lots of ambiguity at work, need to be a quick thinker and fast learner, nobody will teach you how to organize/streamline/structure your work/tasks. People who can't cope with the above will end up working long hours and probably won't survive for long. Paid leave entitlement is market standard and not exciting but all the other amazing benefits over compensates for that. At a minimum, you need to be tech savvy at Apple. You set up your own laptop, assemble your work station (monitor, keyboard etc will be delivered to your desk still in boxes), configure your own work phone etc on your first day.
Company culture values confidentiality so sharing among teams is limited so sometimes it hinders your learning. Salary and fringe benefits are not great compared to other silicon valley tech companies.
Reviews boil down to a 3 tier rating which seem a little restricting.
Middle management could be very passive-agressive, there seemed to be a lot of little people putting on a big show.
Internal promotions can take a while
Some management can be difficult to work with
Then it changed.... the management started focussing on making us sell things and started to expect us to sell pretty hard
i felt that the company is a little bit controlling about what you can/can't say, certain words cannot and must not be said
too much work . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . .
Customer Satisfaction Survery not accurate representation of Advisor Difficult to have work life balance Perfomance measuring metrics, puts lot of pressure
there is high pressure to perform
Compensation are too low and would deserve re-ajustment for the number one cap market company. Job is great but work life balance could be improved
They show us weekly metrics of employees' performances.
Very busy which is sometimes makes you tired but other than that great
Conestoga Apple store has some of the most demoralizing and manipulative store leadership, gossip, office politics, lying to staff, and outright awful scare tactics. It's micromanaged to death and unprofessional. How some of the store leaders not only got away with these tactics but PROMOTED is beyond all of us. It's also sad how a store leader will do serious actions that go against ALL store policy and credo, yet have NO consequences even when reported to HR. Many of us were excited to work for this company only to want out!
Under appreciated, bad salary, cliques, weak management
Sometimes, you get the same role everyday, and it can get repetitive, but usually theyre great about moving you into different areas to work in the Red Zone
No cons from my side.
privacy, US centric, you will work on a very specific area
Not for everyone... you're either 'on the bus' or you're not.
Not very flexible with remote workers.
It is a large company and hierarchy is extremely limited.
It is really hard to get hired
non-existent work life balance. Long working hours even if you're a part-time. Pretty much stuck with the same position (promotions are rare)
hierarchic, could be slow to execute depending on depts
too much restrictions... ...... .............
1) Limited growth 2) Become challenging to find a job after working a few years at the company, since most corporations work on Windows OS. 3) Very difficult to get promoted within, next to impossible.
I worked in few different stores, and the pace in Regent Street store is way too high. Apple doesn't alway consider the differences between different stores.
Busy and less corporate jobs available
Has to spend more time and money to the staff
You are a very small cog in a giant machine People work very late in the evenings and most weekends, which makes you feel guilty if you don't
For our knowledge and skills, the pay sucks and retail workers very rarely get weekends off, so say goodbye to your old friends.
I didn't enjoy this type of culture, but also the job wasn't right for me. My mistake for taking the offer but their mistake for hiring someone with my background.
No for everyone. If you don't push yourself constantly you will not survive. Leaders can at times look for perfection rather than potential for continued growth
there are pretty much no cons but I have to say that it is a littlebit expensive and the job is hard
I get to experience in an a new area that i haven't been before a more bigger place
difficult and hard work needed to stay here
Can get very rude customers because it is a very busy place to work.
Clients are complaining, you can be hurting
low salary. 20% lower than market average
there really isn't much downside except you don't want to go work anywhere else
Shifts, sometimes management, everything is monitored even the time you spent at the toilets, ...
hours are too long and not stable
Retail, no one understands B2B (even store leader), you deal essentially with micro business & "one man" bands, "small fry",  inc. deal with larger business, experience based so no accountability, Store Leader/Market Leader/Business Leader: "it's not about the number" but it is…
stressful, no thanks, over the top customers
long hours and high expectations from management and customers
Small foot print in India. Only retail focus. Less of Global focus.
- Can take a while to move into a different role
Too many politics, managers don't really know how to manage people. People who get promoted usually do so if they're close to the managers not based on merit.
It is customer service, so customers can be a downside if you're not a people person. Full time staff must provide 7 day availability.Time off is difficult to organise, especially in busy seasons.
Need to work with many different kinds of people and customers.
short shifts if part time but guaranteed hours overall pretty great place to work, you're not just a number they really seem to care and all feedback is taken onboard by management. Although pay isn't the highest
-Stressful from time to time. -Sometimes feel like a cult. But not worse then any other sales enviroment.
Always. Busy. Insanely busy, and a lot of the time extra support goes to other areas of the store before the administrators, who also get incredibly bogged down with doing customer pick-ups etc.
too many badly qualified people / contractors, contract details very poor (Cork, Ireland), not organised, no strategy in developing (or better said: copying) "new" products
took 10+ months to get an actual job placement. the hours were not as good. managers were sometimes very demanding
Not till now. I don't think any
The store was extremely busy, escpecially on weekend, which meant a lot of noise and a lot of custumers to take care of. It was hard to be free on weekends for the same reason and during the christmas period
working on shifts, work life balance not considered
No time go home, every Saturday you work same as usual until 1am.
- Aggressive Time Frame - As advisor your chained on your desk -tough working policy - you get incidents for being sick - managment create lots of pressure - Csat target of 90% even though nearly all of your calls are complaints
Retail work hours (eg never of during Christmas or New Years). No room to grow your career if you start out as a Business Specialist. No team building activities, kick-off's etc outside of work.
Annual leaves and bonus could be more
You need to be able to handle the extremely busy store environment
Work life balance, stress, too many meetings
IT Lover, computer saavi, into the Mac World and BTB. Find a balance between sales and support. The comunication between departments is aweful. Missing the american way for the "great product launches", the spirit of the big company. Missing some Profit sharing.
Focus of the company has shifted. Lots of inter-staff politics. Lots of change for change sakes, not often provided with details about the why behind the change.
Little room for advancement, little management support
too much dependency to the HQ in the US !! most of the strategic decision are taken from the United States Head Quarter and not from Cork office management.
Hours can be challenging with minimal flexibility. You'll have a hard time sorting out your life properly.
Inconsistent scheduling, as it is retail hours.
don't see any for a part time job
Workplace safety was NOT and issue, but some fellow employers were mean
Should be up to date and fulfilled with knowledge ! Should be well equipped with all sort of handy tools and tricks!
Shift work, training given by unqualified people/colleagues, no really qualified managers everything is training on the job, constant employee evaluation with check-ins, online-tests, CSTAT >90 % , bullying within the team, career opportunities very poor and based on nose factor, feels like school/kindergarten, constant control, very strict work schedule (set on a menu) apart from breaks you are allowed an absent from your desk (e. g. for toilet) in total 8 mins a day, sickness is handled as so-called incident, everything is based on metrics which are sometimes calculated in a strange way, database system reminded me on last century and the list goes on
If the leadership team is not that great then the whole store struggles moral wise.
Deal with a wide variety of people which can be challenging
Working with all of the bright lights and computer screens of the Apple Store may irritate your eyes or give you a headache during a long shift.
Soo good that it doesnt have cons
long work time not good
Management seems to be two faced.
Genius, Expert and Creative is almost became a plateau for your career at Apple in the multiple locations I have been at. Great for people who are content in the average 45x-55k job for these roles.
i don't think so any cons if being a apple employer
you want to buy most of the products
I worked with Apple-KSA office, which was recently opened. My Apple experience is only based in KSA, I don't know what's like to work with Apple in other counties.  Over all what I have noticed about Apple-ksa is the following: Management aren't wise at all, full of emotions and few kids are hired to handle market they don't understand. If the manager doesn't like you, be papered for a nightmare.
hours /shifts- no personal life suitable to these shifts - Apple becomes your homes your bed your food your dream .... - stressful - targets - being watched - having to justify 1 mn late cos you were at toilets or a customer gave you a bad rating cos he was not satisfy by Apple products - being alone at home - not being part of a team - self training - trainees are unprofessionnal - managers are not acting like team leaders
Sometimes when working you can come across rude customers but thats just part of the job really. Also senior management has a poor structure and it tends to be difficult to get a message across.
As of 2013 when I left, every shift was full of extreme pressure, with far too many customers to assist in far too little time. The entire Family Room (tech/training) team was under a lot of stress, with several people quitting or going on stress leave. Before you'd even begun to adjust to a new demand placed on you, another would come down the pipeline, and we were supposed to be excited about it, yet we hadn't received raises in over a year. It was extremely discouraging, despite the great sense of team togetherness and the volume of accomplishments we were achieving. High chance of burn out and cynicism in the technician role. You think the pay is good until you realize how hard you will be working and how much pressure you are under. Work life balance can be difficult because you'll just be exhausted after your 9 hour shift.
Company culture can sometimes result in illogical decisions, and can be hard to swallow at a retail level. Sometimes you need to say no!  Limited progression if you enter via retail.
you will be difficult promoted
Long hours, but in the it's OK.
- can be stressful - low salary - retail work hours - work in the mall
hours of working, expectations from bosses.
the internship is a hard process and i didn't make it
Low salary Fast pace You feel like you're treated like a child
Every day feels very similar. A lot of the customers faced in this role in particular are often difficult and understandably upset that a product they have spent a lot of money on is no longer working.
-Nothing bad to say. Great company.
Salaries lower compared to competition, career grow opportunities are not lacking but the most interesting positions are in the US
Can't use the Genius Bar at your home Store. Pay is way too low. We're hired to "change to world", yet we're paid peanuts.
Folks tend to be obsessed with metics and numbers often times forgetting about Apple's Thinking Outside the Box mantra.
No cons at all for retail other than busy stores that take a lot of multi tasking skills
Management don't care about staff. Career progression doesn't exist unless you are very tenured (at least 3.5/4 years experience needed in my store to progress). Customers are the neediest, whiniest, self obsessed people on the planet. Job is so boring.
Expected to have No life , typical shift 11:45-8:15 thurs fri sat sun mon ridiculously busy, constant pressure and stress, treated like a number not a human being full of fake promises , little chance of promotion unless you know someone or move area no one else wants to work in like The mac technical support dept, job pattern/ shift / role can be changed with no warning ,working Christmas Day and all other important days , no work life balance
Little progression prospects when store is full of so many people. Managers often not very knowledgable about Apple products themselves. We performed better without managers there
Not easy to move from one team to another. Aside from the above, there is nothing I can complain about.
-sometimes the customers are way to entitled, but we can't fix personalities -our store is very small, but thats something that corporate needs to look into
Nothing much to talk about. This is a good company and there is nothing to worry about. One can work there all through his/her life.
If you're not very ambitious, you will be 'happy' in an apple retail store. But if you're looking at workin in apple corporate, it's another ball game. You've got to be the best of the best of the best at everything you do before you even get considered. (Which is not a bad thing- but it can get frustrating). However small wins are easy to get- just make sure your NPS is always high and tht you share a great rapport with all your colleagues and the management.
can get lost in the business, management may not acknowledge good work
Management were useless when it came to abusive, sexist, racist, customers and there was a general bully culture.
Big responsibility and a little tense job as you will be doing really important job compared to what other companies doing
Unless at HQ, better from the inside looking in. If you want to go far.. Connections, patience, experience, education and location.
Sometimes felt like your being criticised for petty little things like sentences on a call, to military in the approach to employee management, lack of interaction with co workers from the working at home position, even more virtual interaction would be an improvement
Call centre environment A lot of pressure to perform well Very difficult to reach targets Tough job, especially in Sales Not a very good training program
-stressful at times -demanding -Customer sats counts
depends on if your working full time or part time
Crazy hours. High competition between interns to secure full-time offer. Managers expect you to work a lot.
Very busy, can get hectic at times, there's almost always tasks to complete so you have to constantly be active, usually very exhausted by end of day
Nothing to mention .. Every Great companies have their share of negatives .. But in APPLE one could easily ignore it completely .
You've gotta always be 100% on.
Life work balance is non-existent, office space is crammed.
There are not much of cons to begin with.
Sickness policy, incidents timed toilet breaks
lack of work life balance
Being such a large and controlled company, can sometimes be very difficult to progress and have creative freedom.
No progress Favoritism based on nationalities Too much idling time
To add value from my past experience and to make strong team to face any challenge and add value for the company
There aren't any cons about working at Apple.
Same as most businesses, let down by the small few that can have a big impact.
Work life balance doesn't exist, training is in your own time. You're availability is seven days, and it's rare you get two days off. Pay isn't great and neither are perks.
Unfortunately due to the nature of the business the hours were not regular and it can be tough to have a different schedule from week to week.
The retail store has a very high turnover of employees. A lot of employees don't like the pace of the business but if you can go with it, you'll be very successful with your future endeavours.
Its a dead end job where you pick up the phone and have to deal with all problems from iTunes to reseller complaints. People buy online themselves and you have to try to get the sale by offering discount. Bonuses have been removed and management asked sales people to take aftersales calls as well. You are given very weak training and then you have to deal with the problems yourselves. The management around you have no clue as most of them has never been on the phone or in sales. moving away from your position is impossible. I have seen more than 20 colleagues move away from apple because there are no career path what so ever. I spoke to HR about the issue and they said that one should coffee with the hiring managers. Pretty hard when you have a break of 15 min....And if you are late with 1 min then you get punished. There are some incredibly strict rules in Apple and you are treated like a kid or a number. In the beginning things were great but slowly everything turned into a very very negative experience. Mostly because of the non existent career opportunities and the fact that Apple can place you in any other role they see you fit for..Like service or taking calls for another market.
Process driven at a lower level
Way too many managers, and you sometimes will get conflicting information. Ideas change daily or weekly, and you sometimes need to consistently change the way you do things.
Poor retail management and work life balance, no hours to hire more people and expect full time employees to work 6 days in a row, followed by one day off, to work another 5 days.
Managers showed favouritism when promoting employees. The store was too busy to take time for further training/advancement.
Not many cons, very satisfied.
Lots and lots of hard work
1. Very difficult to be recognised. 2. Career advancement opportunities are not based upon merit only on management preference. 3. No Commission.
Negativity from senior members or staff who don't want to be there ruin the experience. The customer base are also the rudest you'll ever meet. It's like they forget all manners and expect you to replace/fix everything for them for free.
None really because it's a fast paced environment however may not suit some people.
tons of travel work! you may have days on work and one day had to work at home
No much bounes for low level Hard to promote to real tech level for SG site
hard to point out cons.
But you have to work for a minimmum of one year
Salary is so so. Very hard to promote internally.
very busy, sore feet, but
AHA's miss out on social aspect of work
The procedures and rules leave no space for much local decision making. So what you need to be able to do is to "recommend" actions based on very formalized templates and lobby internally to get support. Your internal support network matters more than the intrinsic value of what you bring to the table. If you don't toe the line very precisely, your job might be on the line quicker than you imagine.
Your schedule is very inconsistent. Personally I would like it to have the same weekly schedule for a month, or even more.
The customers's you talk to over the phone are not worth it.  The upper management is a mickey mouse club with unprofessional and unqualified people.
Office politics, too much ambiguity.
Hectic and stressful don't even come close to describing the work conditions at peak times. Things definitely started to change: initially it was all about 'repairing relationships' and that was very loosely defined, leaving more options open for us in serving customers, later, things became much more concrete, and, sadly, this felt like it was about the money sometimes.
There are none I love it
Customer satisfaction is given utmost importance. Shifting job and work on holidays and wekends
They are not giving enough money:) But they are awesome people. I miss everybody.
- Times could vary a bit, but generally manageable. - Gotta really love everything Apple (or at least be very good at pretending to!).
Lets first of all state that this is Apple Retail and can in no way reflect on the experiences at Apple Inc. I always said that Apple Retail is like Apple's red head step child, so please take that into account when reading the following.  Pay: It is quite low (at the time they paid approx $18 an hour, people at Coles earn more then that. This has improved somewhat, but it is still about $21/hour). They pump you up on all this "we are Apple, we are different" buzz, expect you to go above & beyond, yet pay you less then a checkout person, all the while you read about executives getting bonuses in the half billion dollar range.  A toxic culture: Apple is like a religion, even if you don't believe then you need pretend, for fear of being ousted. See I really love what Apple stands for (and always will), the underlying principles, the history, the innovation, I know all of it, and it was that passion and difference that I relayed to customers. But am I going to cheer and run out yelling at an iPad lunch like Jesus has been resurrected? No, I find it fake and insulting. So what I found is that employees fall into two categories: #1 Drones. #2 Free thinkers. The free thinkers, who love the company eventually get over all the evangelistic fakeness and the yes-men, which only leaves one choice: leaving the company. The staff turnover was jaw dropping. This is a sign of a company with issues.  Drones: Apple Retail finds staff that are really passionate about the brand, which is a great starting point. Though when you get to Apple "Core" (the first week of training), things go off on a weird kind of superficial tangent where new recruits are exposed to the wacky insides of Apple, which means watching endless promo videos and listening to recruits try to perpetually out do each other's responses to empress the facilitators. I was shocked and communicated to family that it was like some crazy cult, where everyone talks about how amazing everything is but no one is being real. I found another person at my training who I sussed out and quietly asked "Is this crazy or what?" We both secretly discussed how odd and almost scary everything was. At my colleague's core, there was a guy that was so freaked out that he just stood up and said, "Sorry guys I am going to leave this just isn't for me" and walked out.  See finding passionate people is a good idea, but this should be paired with people that also highly value honesty. As where hyped up employees go wrong is when you promote a kind of fake positive environment that mirrors a toxic religion. People with strong personalities that choose to be honest and upfront, get over the way in which the retail arm is run and thus choose to move onto a more healthy environment. In my experience this leaves behind brain-washed individuals with little drive and ambition, who are willing to just do what they are told, use the lingo, get paid poorly and cheer like madmen at launches. For example a manager asked me to come and read an email he was about to send, when I asked why me he stated "Because I know you will tell me what you really think". During my time at Apple, I noted a lot of switched on and passionate employees leave as they just couldn't take the fakeness anymore. So when all these people leave you get left with a bunch of yes-men. An example of drone behaviour is with the most recent pay increase the employees agreed to an increase that was BELOW the rate of inflation, which means with each passing year their purchasing power diminishes. Thats crazy thing to do for any rational person.  Apple lingo: They use a lot of Apple lingo for internal communication and provide guidelines for communication, this is good as it sets a benchmark and tone for communication that is supposed to be healthy. But you can't just have normal conversations with people, you need to use internal buzz words. I got corrected this a few times. I was also told that I was suitable for more higher management roles but I would need speak more Apple, I replied that I know all the terminology but I am not the kind of person to consistently regurgitate buzz words.  Poor internal promotion: If you want to progress your career in the ranks of a solid company, don't choose Apple retail. I watched people enter with this goal and eventually leave. I also know two guys that I work with that have stuck with that specific store only to stay at the same level. They tend to promote from outside and people stay static in their respective roles. Maybe that is a side effect of the drone issue that I stated above.
I don't know. good place
No cons for me here
Fast paced with such high demand for products and services. Retail hours, high expectations from leader ship and customer base
Culty A lot of favouritism Very cliquey Atmosphere often bred obnoxious attitudes Workload can be intense
Working in a huge corporation can be difficult to someone coming from a startup mindset. Too many layers of management can make you feel small.
social lifeis not balanced but they try at lest we happy
Working for Apple is a credo and not done for monetary reasons, this is reflected in the pay.  There can be the occasional technical issue that impedes a smooth work flow.  The work is done in shifts and this might be alright if you at the start of your working career but I am most productive in the early morning hours.  The measuring of performance with the help of statistics is not done to the highest standards, it is often flawed and working towards targets based on those statistics can feel pointless.
No life. Basically you get married to the job. Sacrifices to the personal life. If they aren't seen by management, can be discouraging
Hard to get above expectations and transfer locations - even if you go above and beyond and start your own initiatives within the organization.
Very lean team resulting in heavy workload. Conference calls with Cupertino head office sometimes take place at ungodly hours (in Asia). Very fast paced with an unpredictable climate.
No investment in employee, no training, no certification, no career plan
Opportunity for advancement becomes very difficult at higher levels.
flat hierarchy, not much growth
Working in sales, bright lights and loud environment. Other than that it's pretty great. If you love tec and love people then this it the job for you.
NON .because i take good experience from my mangers
Can get busy after a launch when calls pile up and there is less then 15 secs between calls. You will be busy all day.
Much work.. pressure and many experienced people
The working group that publishes the desired image for Apple and promote their products in a proper way in the new branches in the Middle East as it exists in Western countries
- obligatory overtime (not paid in some divisions), 10h-12h a day - no exceptions (temporary contract) - your contract can be terminated at any time "due to current business needs" without any warning (no job security) - no guarantee for permanent contract after successful completion of your probation - TL will squeeze you like a lemon - (in my case) Apple failed to pay correct salary in time after contract termination (I had to wait one extra month)
The environment can become extremely stressful for very little if not no rewards at all. Often found that I would get home and not be able to leave the work at work, all over extremely menial things. Apple is not very good an drawing this line.
Not enough scope for growth and training
DIB, Pharmacy at Egypt, Narconon Egypt, Kiwi Card Company Egypt
Busy busy busy but it's worth it seeing the joy on people's faces.
Personal discount is not great (25%) A lot of availabilities required (25-30h/week even when mentioning you are going to school full-time) Not very flexible (difficulty to request time off)
I am a hard worker
i am try good work with my stuff and with my customer
creativity and innovation customer care quality
Less communication with the senior manager
The corporate culture is management by fear and riddled with paranoia. It take ages to make the simplest decision as nobody want's to be responsible if something goes wrong.
No progression possible. Management falls for favoritism not good work.
Lack of opportunities to move up, middle management favours their favourite candidates even though they may not be qualified.
Schedule varied a lot, can be stressful at times (especially if you can't handle working in a fast paced environment). Difficult to advance, especially with respect to passing from retail to corporate.
-Takes a long time to get higher on the ladder. -Very high levels of company dedication expected from employees.
"Its Apple policy" You will hear the above frequently and you will face: - Corporate attitude with a banking culture installed (you dont feel like you work for the creative and fun Apple that the brand is known) - No canteen or vending machines (there's a fruit bowl from time to time that magically disappears at 8.30am) so dont expect water or soft drinks like other top companies do (coffee and tea is all you will ever get) - HR is a 0800 number... they dont want you to contact or see them - Severely understaffed with people from DF&A and PF&A finding it hard to stay longer than one year - No budget for social activities so dont expect to have a pint on the house (ever!!!) or have a team lunch - Xmas party is in January (since Apple does not have enough budget for xmas...) - No team building or social trips - No tickets of any kind like music events/festivals or sports events - Dont even dream in getting an iphone, applewatch or even an itunes voucher (shocking to say the least). You get a working old iphone - Apple share's structure gives you a 15% discount. They can be stingy on almost everything but in this case they should reward their long serving employees with greater discounts or simply giving them away - Bonuses are the same as other companies - Unlike other companies when new products are released or when there's a Quarterly business update you wont be involved in anything so there's not a special event - Don't be woo'd by the brand - too many smart people are woo'd by working for Apple the brand and discover when they join that their job is incredibly limited in scope and that their previous skills and experiences are ignored as 'Its Apple policy'
Very confused hierarchy, you will hardly know who is the right person to looking for to discuss some specific matter. You can be hired to do some highly operational job, even if you salary is for a managerial position.
Working as an Apple Employee within a Bestbuy, your sales targets did not include iPads, iPhones or iPod products, but you were required to support them. As new Apple stores were built in your area, sales targets remained equally high, even though lost sales were expected. Limited mobility from sales to other departments.
Limited internal promotion and some managers also not really know what are they doing.
Communication with Apple is virtual, so more difficult to get immediate feedback
i can't see any negative side at apple products and showing all positive side for apple customers is my work
Only products price issues comes according to market
Shifts mean poor work/ life balance. Everything revolves around surveys, people with unrealistic demand give a bad survey and it stands. No common sense. Isolating, there is no real team bonding as you only get to speak to each other through text or once every few weeks in meetings. 8 seconds between calls. Holidays difficult to book. Can be extremely stressful.
A lot of work. High standards are required on a daily basis.
None they are doing a good job
irregular hours make you feel like a zombie and work life balance is non existent. Very little room to grow and promotions or advancements are not given by merit.
Politics, growth, career development, raises minimal even after glowing reviews
that environment has changed, the genius role has become virtually 100% retail facing so no time for learning, salaries are below average. Meaning for many, its better to work for any other company.
i can´t think of anything, there is no cons in this company,
culture can get all out off wack in places far away from the mothership.
Government officials said the two countries in the world, the only way to get the best of the world, but it is the only one
Although its a good company retail tends to make more of it than it is. Its not the greatest thing in the world, its just a store. A good one.
Some co workers have "drank the kool aid" and are difficult to handle. Work life balance can be difficult based on the position you have.
Super political and lots of favortism
None that I can thin of
The management team needs improvement
is easier to fin a reason than to find a way
Shift work and a busy work place that me be too much for some to handle.
Little room for progression.
Need to improve on resourse planing
size of Vancouver office does not allow for employee growth.
Wish it allowed a better work life baksnce
Apple became like best buy, futureshop, or any other retail store. Greasy and unhelpful to the customer, it was no longer about helping people so much as it was putting on a show and upselling.
The work is repetitive. I was a family room specialist and dealing with angry, frustrated customers everyday finally got to me.
Long Hours and some customers are very stressful
Getting major holidays like Christmas/New Years off can be difficult.
this is a very popular company
Favoritism, lack of promotion, some employees are very fake and not genuine, quite two faced (to maintain the 'apple way'), good achievements often unnoticed, 'you're not doing well enough you can do better' attitude, small mistakes during training not well received, perfect robotic expectation - at least for the newer employees
Growing opportunities are low or null
nothing really,long working hour,hardly any growth plan
When I started with Apple in early 2011, it was a very different culture than it was when I left in 2013. Apple was a place that encouraged individuality, growth & creativity. They also listened to concerns, helped to take steps to find solutions & act transparent with most issues and challenges. This quickly changed as Apple shifted gears towards more aggressive tactics to satisfy its growing customer base. Because of Apples phenomenal growth and Apples stubbornness to simply hire more employees, they instead overwork the ones they have to absolute capacity until they either quit on the floor (happened to four employees in less than a year), or take a stress leave. It turned to an environment which instead expected perfection at every move. Having a sick Dad and a death in the family is not good enough for this company... They expect you to suck it up and be a robot. They foster an environment where employees actively give each other feedback, however fail to notice when senior employees abuse this and instead bully & verbally abuse newer employees who may not know better.
No connectivity with Apple California, no mobility upwards, sometimes fake attitude and double standards
Low income for the type of work you are doing and the expectation on service and quality. No Career progression unless you work the politics, has nothing to do with skill or your work. Management are not trained in your role so you are managed by someone who doesn't understand what you are doing. If you are full time, you must give 7 days availability, no exceptions. External applicants for management are always considered before internal applicants.
Too specialised and job scope limitation, slow career development.
not bad not very nice very average mediocre
So many passwords, codes, websites to organise working life, could be more streamlined.
Where the company is located is a little limiting to business growth and development. People don't always pay for or respect the amount of work that is done.
I don't have anything negative
Managers, Pay, Workload, Politics, Customers, Holiday blackout which is not a company decision but a store decision depending on the mood and if you're liked or not or if you have opted out of Sunday's you get treated like crap overall
Not much training/no 360 review for manager
Hard to grow your career inside the company.
Hard for upward mobility. Might have to take lateral move first before being considered for a better job which means if you want to me a manager it could take 4 years (which is a long time in retail).
Managers give difficult metrics to be hit and it seems sometimes to be the only thing judging your performance as an employee.
There is no hiding in the shadows! Standards are extremely high you will get pushed to achieve them
In a retail environment the hours are not very predictable and challenging to be constantly on your feet. It is difficult to request time off and there is a high turn around in employee's leaving the business due to lack of career development or slow progress.
Difficult to provide consistently great service to business customers as business retail policies aren't well developed for business needs. Very difficult to get anyone on team promoted. Moving into openings at other stores is difficult to get approved. High pressure role for managers without much support. Review process can be completely subjective with little attention paid to objective goals. Very little direction given on how to improve performance. Committee approach to reviews does at times descend to vague discussions on your personality and fit. Favouritism does play a large role within Apple retail. Result is high turnover rate of management team most leave or are moved out in under two years. Some don't last past a month.
Work - life balance, teamwork non existence. No clear training or path for development. Apple does not invest anything in sales training which gives cause for concern as there are no clear career or internal development plans for the individual.
Long hours and need to be available 24/7
No Cons, seriously. Positive work place
Lack of autonomy created by over-conformist behavioural culture and too much centralised control
Can get monotonous at times, and salary is less than I would have thought for the work you put in. I didnt see much opportunity to move into corporate.
Stressful work. A bit of Asean culture.
Minimal career-pathing to move to corporate roles.
Sometimes you don't even know how to grow up, career opportunities not that easy to show up
Long work hours, expected to be available 24/7
Due to large numbers of staff working in-store, it may be challenging for employees seeking a quick and easy journey up the corporate ladder.
It's very competitive if you're looking to get out of retail and do something more organisational, and some of the management can be.....frustrating. Many are unwilling to get out on the floor and actually help customers which, when it's busy and everyone is in the same color shirt can give a confusing message to customers. Additionally, they usually play favorites for promotions and "career experiences" so if the impression you make is negative in the first couple of weeks, it's going to take you a LONG time to get around that.
The only con i can think of is that people have a stigma against people at apple, We want to be able to help you, but sometimes we can't, all we ask is for your patience!
To get on your face has to fit. No chance of movement.
Middle management see you as an expendable resource, people with 10+ years experience were "managed" out of a job, in the name of stats.
you gave to absorb your team work, you never success as one person. time management of your week is not their problem, so if schedule is a task no one honor it, rh are very distant, and you have a very few recognition even after many years
Didn't like change and had a hard time listening to the issues they had
If you want to be treated like a prisoner or kindergarten child with timed toilet breaks (8 minutes a day) you are at the right place! Apple's "think different" is also wrong because if you do and say it out loud, you will be treated like an outsider. Specific conservative managers might also advise you that your dress code will never get you anywhere. Never saw such incompetent management (only achievable if you have good connections or apparently are a single mother) - if you hate your job, bad luck, you will have to stay 12 months no matter what. Also, if you come 1 minute too late in the morning (they allow you 5 min, but after that shame on you!), this will count as an 0.25 incident. You are allowed 3 every 6 months and being sick counts as one as well. So, whenever your car breaks down or you simply can't make it in time, nobody will ever forgive you. But this is all acceptable as you have so much mind freedom in your job. Yes, you can create your own emails (my manager seriously suggested this as solution for the lack of responsibility I was complaining about) - WOW! Two of my favourites were the pathetic call listenings or the iChats you would receive after not finishing your case within 3 minutes or when you are "unavailable" for longer than 10 min. You would get a nice "hey, are you ok" from Big Brother himself.
Very hard to take holidays Not much possibilities for career progression
Typical retail issues including hours, work/life balance and the lack of career opportunities and growth.
Work life balance has not hit Apple yet. The decisions come from up high and a lot of the work is monotonous. Everyone knows what work they will be doing on every Monday or Tuesday or Wednesday... for the next year.
Something great requires long hours.
The disconnect between corporate and retail. The same vision however not implemented the same way. The lack of time for team building and effective communication
pathetic company no innovation very less salary
When the organization is growing too large, i's not easy to take care of every part of the big organization. Not much to say. It is a really good company.
There is a LOT of favoritism among managers, and from what I saw it wasn't performance based, but rather how well you could kiss butt. This was just at a store level but I know there was lots of frustrations in management at my store, because of a lack of support for them, so it was a very rocky road for some.
No progression, stagnant and tend to get bored
Very long working hours.. no work life balance, hiring of MBAs with no working experience... weak in retaining employees..
Some people were there for their own gratification - but those were few and far between.
Glass Ceiling, not much prospect of moving to roles past a certain point
No opportunity to climb the ladder any further. Not enough recognition Management doesn't recognize or motivate employees who perform. Retail schedule
No OT compensation, a lot of expectations on you and you might feel that you are not good enough if you dont meet them. If you do, however, you will most likely be recognised.
- too much politics - definitely not the best people (especially in Management) - the best ones are already gone - work atmosphere - company is interfering in your private life - brainwash,brainwash, brainwash - management will punish you for speaking the truth, for being correct, for being you - HR doesn't help at all
Top down culture, hardly listen from the bottom
Your experience can be at the whim of your management. Stores have many managers with varying management styles. It can get inconsistent and your achievement reviews may be mixed. Too many males being hired.
For the mediocre salary, a lot is demanded of 'Specialists' for our knowledge level and the demands placed on us. Don't go into it thinking it will be a run-of-the-mill retail job - it's a lot more demanding than that. No career progression at all for the vast majority of employees. This is because EVERYONE wants to work for apple, which results in them cherry-picking the absolute cream of society for even the most 'basic' retail roles such as mine. Therefore, to stand out and be one of the very few people who get any kind of career progression each year, you have to be an unbelievable human being - and frankly, if you are, you could be earning a lot more elsewhere.
Peer relationship is a challenge, rumour everywhere. Hard to align between teams.
poverty line wages, they have cut the little benefits we had to the bone! It is impossible for anyone to keep up with the stats that they change at a whim.
No cons other than office is a bit stuffy
Too many employees, and if you don't really stand out or make yourself visible among others. Then development could be difficult for your career path.
Pay was pretty bad compared to Google & Facebook. Also, the culture is much more rigid.
- Work-life balance, I was still studying at the time and struggled with working around lectures and tutorials - No room for movement, very much 'Apple politics': if they like you, you'll get the job - Internal gossip unnoticed by higher ups (corporate) - If you don't do it 100% 'the Apple way' you won't be there for long
Long hours, rigid hierarchy, no exit opportunities
Poor work life balance, weekends
Work life balance is limited as hours can be scheduled at any time
Work you to the bone
An defaulted experience in the change of politics at the company, at a Retail level--changed culture and mismanagement. Now it is definitely has changed, guaranteed. I, personally, wanted to move on, felt I could do more and develop better in a another company.  Work-life balance was amazing, compared to industry standards--especially in Hong Kong. I would definitely say that benefits in this job is definitely premium status.
Love to accept challenges and working at Apple is it self a challenge
In the Paseo de Gracia Apple store, Apple's values just got down with the new store manager. Ethic inside is just as another regular big shop, a real pity compared to what it was before. For career opportunities, friendship with management is strongly recommended.. with this, even with bad manners, you can grow. Life balance is not on employee side. Like most of full-time positions need to shift weekly (Morning-Afternoon/Afternoon-night, It's quite difficult to maintain any external activity. At least, I never had such satisfation at the end of the day for the job done. If you are part-time, take care with taxes, but you can schedule your availability.
Difficult to move around in the company.
Always under huge amounts of pressure and expectations, though great support throughout
Personal development is expected, but not as supported as one would hope. There are a lot… a ton of resources but time is not one that is afforded without a fight. Some individuals act as the boss even if they are peers.
internal growth is extremely difficult even though development is an importance aspect of the culture.
It can be a stressful environment, working closely with demanding customers.
It CAN be cult-like and some people are closed minded against non-Apple fanatics. It gets VERY busy and hectic- which can be expected with any retail job- and sometimes it's easy to feel overworked.
difficult to be promoted once you have entered the company
Not much. Mostly individuals who were difficult to work with. The company itself is great and amazing to work with
As the company has grown at such a rapid place, unfortunately there is a lot of dilution of the Apple culture. To progress in the company, need to be aligned with people who are also going places in order to get ahead.
They can change everything and tell you at the really last minutes (change phone support for chat etc...)
Although they recruit well, it's very slow and we're often short-staffed, which means everyone else works a lot harder, which means no energy left for the rest of your day.
- Zero career potential - most people have been over-hired into more junior roles and are expected to execute in that role forever - lots of people have been doing the same role for 5-10 years or longer. There is very little upward promotion if any and almost zero lateral movement as Apple just hires externally people for roles and doesn't develop anyone internally. - Lack of any leadership - there is no leadership in EMEA in Apple since the previous VP left - the new VP is responsible for most of the world and his only visibility is on a quarterly communications call handing out meaningless sales awards - Micro management - most of the leadership in Apple are micro managers who are detail obsessed often in the irrelevant detail rather than things that matter - lots of time, energy and skill is wasted by smart people creating presentations that go nowhere - Don't be woo'd by the brand - too many smart people are woo'd by working for Apple the brand and discover when they join that their job is incredibly limited in scope and that their previous skills and experiences are ignored as 'that's not the way it's done in Apple' - Technology - very few people have the latest Mac and even less have the latest iPhone - Apple doesn't want to invest in providing it's employees with the latest iPhone, Mac or iPad. Recently one team got given iPads and they were the iPad 2 - this was when iPad 4 had been released. Most people are still using iPhone 4 or 5 when the 5s has been out for over a year. - Training - there is very little professional development training - most training is orientated to brain washing you to think the way 'Apple' works - rather than how to develop you as an individual.
Professionally unstructured Hard to progress to leadership internally Average pay for retail because everyone wants to work for them
I've been working for Apple Retail for a very long time and everything sure has changed , NIGHT AND DAY differences from back then.  Since the earlier days, it was all about enriching lives. Taking the time, making sure the customer had all the attention you can give them without being rushed into your next appointment . Nowadays, its all about enriching their pocketbooks and numbers ! Here are the core CONS that you will encounter , Let me break it down :  • A billion dollar company that LOVES to have short staffing. Apple refuses to put enough people on the sales floor. Ive seen frustrated customers wait impatiently for someone to help them purchase a computer yet THERE'S NO SALES PEOPLE TO HELP and they storm out of the store pissed off instead !! Yup ! There goes that sale ! Way to go APPLE !!!!!  • Everyone wears blue shirts . Its hard to distinguish who the technicians are and who the sales people are . a unified color of the shirt simply means EVERYONE IS EXPECTED TO PRETTY MUCH DO EVERYTHING no matter what position you have. Job Description ? There is NO SUCH A THING IN APPLE RETAIL . ( read on )  * GENIUS BAR / FAMILY ROOM ( aka the technical support area ) is all about NUMBERS. You are put on a queue where you are seen by a technician. You basically have 10-15 minutes with this customer and YOU MUST MOVE ON TO THE NEXT. Most stores require you to have an appointment booked ahead of time, and recently, its become standardized that ALL APPOINTMENTS MUST BE TAKEN. The genius bar is now cleverly crafted with new stations that ' get you started ' . No appointments ? sure just sit down and a technician will take a look and see if they can do the task for you. This basically allows more traffic to come through and more appointments to be taken. ( btw management WE'RE NOT STUPID !!! ) Work has been quadrupled to the point you are running around with your head about to fall off ! This department would work so well but the management will not put enough people to help out throughout the day ! The worst part about being in this department is breaks and lunches are always never taken on time !!!! You will basically end up hating your co workers for taking too long in their interactions or for them to refuse to help out because they are doing computer repairs. It just flat out SUCKS . This is the worst level of stress you will receive in the store . There's not a day I come home from work, not only physically exhausted but MENTALLY abused from all the things you go throughout the day ! l  * THE CREATIVE STUDIO ( aka one to one training ) will test your PATIENCE .  You will teach 70-80 year old customers who just purchased a computer and will end up coming back for repeated sessions for the next couple of weeks because they cant remember their passwords !  If you are extremely patient, well good luck cuz you're going to need it real badly when you're in this role !!!! Id say a good 10% of the sessions you will get are actual decent individuals who can grasp and learn what you teach, the other 90% will just be useless people who are just basically wasting their time ( AND YOURS IF YOU THINK ABOUT IT ) .  * The customers, especially the pissed off ones,can be a handful. Be prepared for an earful. Most are nice but majority are prissy, stuck up people who will EXPECT you to bend over and squeeze them in to have their iphone fixed ahead of everyone else. This would only be alleviated if the company actually put more people on the sales floor/ technical support areas so that the employees wouldn't get stuck in escalations  It is August 2014 and from my point of view , Apple Retail has changed drastically . its not the same fun place I remember it used to be . If you think im bullshitting , I've witnessed about 8 people from the genius bar resign over the past few months , and that says alot where the company is heading !  Quality in the service is disappearing, FAST. Its all about Q U A N T I T Y folks !!!!!!!!!  Quantity of how many appointments employees can take + Less Staffing = HUGE BONUSES FOR MANAGERS  I STRONGLY RECOMMEND YOU THINK TWICE ABOUT WORKING FOR APPLE RETAIL ..ESPECIALLY NOWADAYS?  Consider yourself warned.  I'm already looking for a way out . its just a matter of time.
Less career growth opportunities in the company
not a good place to work ,more like a sweat shop,low pay ,thats all management talk about is how much profits apple make and how to cut costs,there not worried about there work force,its all APPLE,APPLE,APPLE
No progression Bad management No care for work/life balance
low or little advancement no work life balance
-On contract, brace yourself to get fired any minute without warning. -incompetent management in Cork, they mainly don't care about the employees, you are just a number. -no career prospect available even if you deliver best performance ---> see incompetent management -guidelines are ridiculous, US fingers into European decisions how to operate the company. -too big and too cumbersome. Operates like a bureaucracy of a country. -they do not give a dime about their employees -statistics and number crunching is important, not the human side of the employee.
Some managers have been in the business too long and have lost touch with the competitive environment. However, there are managers who are inspiring leaders.
*Work life balance non existent, having to constantly battle with other people for a 2 month shift where you can get a weekend off (high score/ranking get first pick). 4 x 10 shifts do not allow you to take classes at night and can interfere with home life. Was originally told in interview that Apple is very flexible with their shifts... not unless you are at the top of your team.  * Being scrutinized over every syllable uttered.  * Statistics constantly shoved down your throat (daily), having your statistics shown to everyone else in the team (daily), even worse, having your clothing size broadcast to the rest of the team in an e-mail.  * Guilt tripped over sick leave (oh, everyone has to work SO much harder because you were coughing your guts up).  * Managers who don't care about you, just their statistics and how good you make them look.  * Little room for career opportunities unless you are perfect and appears only ONE way to go up which is to T2. Other options are not available in Australia (contrary to what T/L advised initially).  * Extreme social isolation unless you like being a hermit.  * The expectations are becoming increasingly unrealistic and only obtainable by those who work like robots.  * Lying team leader who likes to mince your words and throw them back at you. Advises about career progression that is not there.  * Contradicting information. Being told one thing, then being told the opposite in the next sentence. Can make for a very frustrating time.
Everything If you need help you do not get it If you transfer a call to a higher department your screamed at for high escalation If you aren't one of the managers favourites you can be certain you will have a bad time No matter how hard you try it's not good enough If you have time off medical certificates don't count towards anything and you will be terminated No sense of how mental health effects different people if you suffer from it and take time off you'll most likely be terminated  Words twisted to the point your not even sure what you said to start with anymore
needs better working conditions management is quite variable and at times unorganised lots of pressure on management which filters down through other positions
Scheduling is horrendous. No work/life balance. Some of the managers only care about themselves and do not support the employees in difficult situations. Don't be fooled into thinking that this can lead to career because you will burnout fast. As a trainer, you are expected to teach in an extremely noisy environment, in the middle of a highly populated retail environment. Sometimes it feels like complete chaos. There is literally zero upward mobility. It is what it is despite some of the fancy job titles. You will be working in retail and it will stay that way. Crappy hours, unreasonable clients, and bully-like managers.
They don't respect people, hide serious problems but want to appear wonderful.
It is very difficult to get a promotion so if you don't have enough patience you may found yourself demotivated.
Promotions, personal growth, work-life balance, people on the top (from Country Managers, to Managers and Human Resources.
The pay isn't the best. I could get paid more for my skill set elsewhere. You will often deal with bad customers.
"Leadership" is incredibly two-faced and fake.
Your experience is dictated by how good management are. They often hire management externally, generally from other retailers, who then bring their bad practices to the company. There is NO proper career path and top talent often have to lead to experience the growth they deserve
Getting a promotion is almost impossible and Apple will become your life.
The management team are more often then not put under stresses to hit targets that they can not meet. This has destroyed the once great culture of openness at Apple and has resulted in results driven staff as a posed to long term culture driving ideals.  I was once issued a 9 out of 9 review after having a fantastic year at the company to then 2 weeks later have that removed from me because of pressure from higher levels above stores to give lower reviews/pay rises. This was a kick in the teeth after the work I had put in and the recognition I was proud to have achieved.
Busy stores. Lots of people asking about iPhone 6!
No office Starbucks coffee in Beijing office, however US has Starbucks.
Pay, you may feel like a pawn
Salary/# of hours=Does not add(-Negative)
to get the job, you have to undergo long hours interviews for 3 days. Working shifts for employer in the future, including the manager
Apple is very fast pace and it never stops for you to breathe. This is a pro in many ways, but for some, it can be stressful. This isn't a con, but again, can be, you need to love change and ambiguity. Some of the biggest struggles initially is keeping up with the pace and embracing it. So if you like change and directing on the fly, Apple is for you.
- No career growth: you have to fight for yourself, you will be lucky if you have a "nice" manager that "helps" - Work comes first attitude: "it doesn't matter what is happening in your life, get it done" - Back stabbing, two faced politics, lies - Lack of recognition for hard work - Surprisingly low pay compared to similar jobs in industry - Not valuing their employees: "it is a privilege to work at Apple, we can easily replace you" - Useless HR: incompetent and essentially managers spies, serious waste of space - Extremely under staffed - Unreasonable demands that have you working evenings (till morning) and weekend for things which end up not even being important - Serious lack of sense of "team": everybody is out for themselves - Pay rises are in % increases unless you get "promoted" (you aren't really given a new job, just a lot more responsibility and a bit more money, but sometimes no change to title or hierarchy placement) the amount can be insignificant. Max % increase was 10%, and that is really rare to get! ADVICE: negotiate a big base before joining so those % are worth more. - Company brainwashing practices are common (seminars, lectures, lessons). Its hard to believe how many people buy into it internally - Please note that the Europe Head office (in London) appeared to be a special case of intensity. The UK office and other European offices appeared to be not as bad (at least from my perspective). Though when weneeded things done by the local offices, they would feel our pain too. Till this day, the Local teams do not know how lucky they have it vs the Head office. I can only imagine how bad it is in the World HQ in Cupertino
a lot of training, challenging with customers
Nothing to say since everything is amazing
Very rigid on hours. I had to leave when going back to university as they could not cut my hours down to fit in with studies, despite glowing reviews from manager and colleagues, and strong metrics (not that these were overly important to apple)
The App Review Guidelines provide rules and examples across a range of topics, including user interface design, functionality, content, and the use of specific technologies
If you're looking to climb up the corporate ladder don't bother with Apple Singapore as there are no career prospects to speak of. Even though this is such a big MNC sadly when the mgmt are Asians running in Asia it's like any normal local companies. They speak of being open to discuss whatever concerns but really you aren't allowed to go against the mgmt's wills. You could be stuck in the same exact position for years with no progress while lazy incompetent people are hired to be your boss. They micro manage you, don't really care what you're thinking and expects you to work like factory robots. Maybe it's just that one such department in Apple Singapore.
very busy, stress full, very little progression unless you want to become a technician, little recognition for work put in.
nothing to mention as it is the best place
The management team is lack of experience and knowledge about Apple products. Most managers don't even know how to use a Mac. Their functions is only making exception to customers.
Not the best pay Advancement in retail are somewhat limited
Sometimes moving to a new role can be a challenge. Can be very political at times. Hard to be noticed
Top down management style. All executive level from US or Australia, no Asian in senior management team. Promotions from internal is almost impossible. Cafe food not as good as Google, and not free Staff discount not so good.
Secret is sometimes an heavy duty
1. Career progression abruptly halted once I reached the Genius role. I started off with Apple as a part-time sales advisor ('Specialist') and successive promotions happened quickly, but the Genius position sits in a comfortable little cul-de-sac thereafter. Geniuses in Apple Retail are remunerated well but cannot easily continue a technical career into Apple Corporate as there is often a qualifications barrier to entry. Perhaps understandably, Apple does not have a career pathway that allows Geniuses to train for Corporate roles in the absence of degrees in computer science, electronic engineering or similar. The general consensus seemed to be that while there is no stigma attached to working for Apple Retail, it is held at arm's length from Corporate and aspirational talk from management about moving across as part of one's career path is largely lip-service. Multiple colleagues of mine had secondments to Corporate but were not offered permanent positions. My advice is that if you want a role within Apple as a wider organisation, it is better to gain more relevant experience elsewhere than get your foot in the door with Apple Retail.  2. See 'Advice to Management'.
I cant con apple i have been there 6 and half years. Over the time it has made me a better person at work and personal life. Which you take into day to day life
Schedule, as in any other retail store, is a nightmare (you'll have to work until late and on weekends). It's a hard work, there is no time to stop and you have to stay motivated and focused to treat clients the way they expect from Apple.
Apple is like any retail store in that you have to work retail hours. There are some days that you will work till 9 or 10pm.
Extremely hard to get promoted.
Progression is very limited. It's difficult, and if you make it to Expert, Business Specialist or similar, that's it.. there's no path onward from that point. Unless you have outside managerial experience, the most you'll get paid at Apple Retail will be mid 20k.
Top down execution, poor direction and on boarding suck. No fun culture, as people are not meant to share ideas. TOP DOWN SECRETIVE EXECUTION.
Growth is competitive and complicated.
Very few, can't name any off the top of my head.
Very fast paced environment. If you're not an 'Apple' person, then you will might have a difficult time. Some employees may feel burnt out over time, especially those working full time.
Personal growth and advancement. Higher managers have poor values.
Military rule with Generals that have no clue what so ever... May be it is just this department's management team in Singapore.
Value are a little childish with the teenage attitude of the maangers. Employee are not taken seriously. Job is not for everyone because you need to fit in the "model"
Growth is limited if interested only in a specific area
hard work, very team oriented, everything is fast paced
- It's so amazing, to go up it's a lot of competition.
A small change in leadership can destroy the culture. There needs to be a better connection with the managers and leaders of the stores and to ensure that politics is removed. Even having managed a store which was a great honour when I left people only thought I was a store manager. Difficult to explain the magnitude of the role
My starting wage was only £7.50 per hour (this was in 2008) and Apple doesn't pay commission which I think is totally unfair. I was selling upwards of £5000 worth of products a day (in a small store) and I earned just as much as the concierge who just stood at the door and said hello to customers. I was told I would be given a full time contract but that never came despite my hard work and consistent top sales - instead another part timer was hired. I asked to be enrolled in the creative training offered and a few months later a number of staff were taken for creative training (including the part timer hired after me) but I was left out with no explanation given. Perhaps they wanted me to keep their sales up instead. The middle management is terrible, even more so in the big stores in London where I worked later - Regent street for example, has 500 employees and in my interview my manager admitted he didn't know half the staff.  On good days you'll spend your time demonstrating video/music/image software and hardware with customers. On average days you'll spend your time selling iPhone cases to fat businessmen and dealing with a lot of angry people (especially in London)  I went in a few months from being the model Apple employee to the most cynical one because I worked hard but was not rewarded with a full time contract or commission.  I'll never work in Apple retail again.
low pay, rolling temporary contracts
Competition Commercial offer The structure of the company
takes at least one year to get promoted. Timing seems to be important
Demanding pace, long hours, shift work, no weekends off. Little room for growth depending on where you are in the store.
Very competitive in terms of career advancement, result-oriented
Salaries are not the best in the industry. Not much room to grow if you are not in the headquarters. Rest is common human shortcomings to be found everywhere: Apple is not on another planet.
Can be very difficult to move up into further positions that are initially alluded to being very much within reach. There is a very bureaucratic 'check-box' approach to promotion. Mentors can be beyond patronising with the slightest of self-awareness. Chronic micro-managing from people of managerial positions employed with the wrong attitude and bad retail habits change an entire store's morale, ethos and performance. Most people within this position are less knowledgable than their own team both technically and semantically. Some of Apple's internal culture has become socially outdated, transparent, often passive aggressively manipulated, and needs a revamp focusing around true authenticity.
Infront of customers, you work as one supportive team, but at the back of the house, it's a pain in the butt. You have to be very careful what you say, because a word as simple as dumb or stupid can get you called up to the managers office, and every little single thing you do there is put as a note to file, whether it's positive or negative, more negatives though. & there's really very little room for development in Apple, once you're in a position, you're pretty much stuck to it unless you're the manager's b*tch who snitches about other employees and much more, because managers love knowing everything that's going on since there's always a barrier between the normal workers and the managers. All in all I'd rate the company 4/10
sometimes bad to working in busy
high expectations and limited opportunities for growth
bad salary, it is for high school grad
On the flip side of that coin, working as a Specialist in a Sales roles reeks of having to deal with at times many irate and unwilling customers who are very rude and mean to staff as they pitch fits about the 'customer is always right' even when they make impossible demands.
Moving up the chain of command, at least to management, is extremely difficult to do. Apple has extremely high requirements for higher level positions, usually requiring you to get experience elsewhere before they will even consider you. The salary is generous and is almost like a trap and that keeps you from moving on.
No support, expectations are ridiculous and graduate programme was not a graduate programme. After studying and receiving your degree you just a sales consultant and all training is only beneficial to the company. No support for students who still study.
can be very political to advance as career you have to play politics and make management believe in you cant think out of the box. you have to believe in core ideas
A work life balance is very hard to do. The great people make it easy to allow the company to absorb all of your free time.
Lengthly interview process, very selective
poor work-life balance. retail hours are all over the map. our store focused primarily on attachments- one to one memberships and applecare. it created an incredibly negative environment for anyone working in sales and took competition out of the friendly zone. it was pretty much impossible to move up without sipping the kool-aid and racking up a good attachment rate. I don't know how it is at other stores, but it has been communicated to me that some stores may be more relaxed than others, depending on traffic. The customers can get really aggressive, to the point where they're yelling or grabbing at you.
Management unable to understand employees needs No respect for employees Career opportunities are given only to manager's friends - no meritocracy at all
Managers can be a little too imposing with vision and culture, which can be good but a bit nauseating at times. Shift work. Being flexible for the needs of the business.
It's hard to go higher sometimes because of poor leadership.
Too many talented employers but too many less intelligent managers. I mean it.
- No commissions - Very american happy go lucky culture - Promises of their internal culture are difficult for them to sustain
Low salary increments & long working hours
Over the years Apple tend to see agents only as numbers They have a lot of targets to reach in numbers The human factor is pretty much eliminated
i cant think of any.
Pay could be better considering the company's financial position
Cork is very small and sometimes it's boring to live here. bad weather.
There are very limited avenues for career progression, especially for those not interested in becoming a store manager. Managers have the ability to make exceptions for customers that you rarely get the same answer from different managers as they all are just making decisions on the fly as there is very little structure to their decision making. Sometimes there is too much focus of having the "Apple" attitude that those who do get the majority of the work done are seen as under performing as they aren't being "Apple" enough.
The worst part is working Retail hours and weekends
If you are not ready to work diligently and expediently, collaborating as a part of a large team, don't bother!
More employee engagement Better compensation Maintain corp culture
Training has become really lack, instead of teaching staff about the actual product (especially mac) the focus has been shifted to customer service focus. They treat you like children i.e. you have to ask permission for toilet breaks, ask to go on lunch break which are often scheduled far to early on in your shift (School like culture).  The management are extremely fake and patronising, speak to you as if you are 10 years old. Although there are no direct sales targets, they are extremely focused on the feedback received from customers so they can look good. Some of the best staff put on performance plans as they are claimed to not be innovative enough! Too many managers on the shop floor at one time simply baby sitting.  There used to be a relaxed culture that resulted in the staff delivering amazing customer service as they were generally happy, but now everyone is forcing themselves to look busy in a bid to avoid being approached by a manager. You have to act fake the whole shift, so actors this may be a good role of choice!  Also the staff discounts are rather stingy, only one real discount per year per product. No bonuses.
If you want to climb the ladder I would completely forget about it. Working for Apple Retail will get you NOWHERE near Apple Corporate. Lots of other employers however, including many customers, do appreciate your skills. Many staff in my store got offered jobs from customers.  Sometimes all the company talk and stupid phrases can be excruciating. You think 'omg, did you just say that?!'....it really is that stupid.
Do not believe the hype, they are still a retail company
Gets too busy. can get stressful and overwhelming during busy seasons
sometimes longer hours, not a downside really, it is all about progression and to do that work must be completed.
* Few Career Opportunities * Lots of competition and these are all really good people  Otherwise there are not really very many cons. Unless, you just don't work well in office environments as it is and are not good with people.
Haven't come across any downsides
can be long hours, stress levels can be very high
Work life balance could be better
Far too many middle Managers.  Middle Management are horrendously under skilled and over arrogant and micromanage to insanely frustrating levels of absurdness.  Staff treated like children.  Petty issues magnified out of all proportions whilst important and meaningful issues are ignored.  Almost no career progression for the vast majority of employees.  Less than adequate pay.  Free Water Bottle For Christmas!!
They have no cons as I know of
Cons are Very less chance to enroll in apple direct payroll as vacancies are very less. Management should hire good third party payroll
Management in stores is a little faulty, favourites are picked and flourish. Part-time staff comes and goes quickly. Unfortunately, the job was exactly as reviews have mentioned it would be - it is quite disappointing to work for such a hugely respected company and have the managers be so petty.
Mid-management upwards is just terrible with an exception of a few. Considering that a lot of them are terrible suggest that they are put under extreme pressure from higher ups.  My take on the politics is that, 1 - Little prospects because there are so many talented staff 2 - This results in competition between peers and middle-management 3 - you are told to work hard, But hard workers are a "threat" to middle management, as hard working middle management are a threat to weak senior management. 4 - This causes extreme favoritism for the employees who just follow like sheep, working hard for no reward.  You are more likely to do well in apple retail brown nosing than being good at your job.  Don't be fooled. Steve culture only remains written on the walls. Its all about money now.
Lack of employer empathy towards subordinates
Depends which manager you have you get different kind of support. So it can be difficult to climb up the career ladder. A lot has been changed in the last years.
You've been given all the support, so the burden to improve is much greater.
No ownership, No creativity... Not what the brochure promised...
-Cut hours if working too much over time -Pay is ok if you didn't negotiate when first hired -Higher management making unrealistic expectations
It is demanding work, and you lose your weekends to the job
Absolutely no career advancement opportunities
Not many apart from strict rules
Talentless middle managers with no leadership skills (outside hires) no promotion prospects, underpaid overworked. Cultures and values used as tool for productivity.
Glass ceilings the limit. Once you get there... thats it
always too good to make you lazy
Career progression can be a little hazy
The company recruitment material likes to brag about how your job is so much more than retail. What that really means is that it's retail, with a lot more hard work. You are either pushed to sell phones (and position a enormous number of add-ons) or you are trouble shooting the most tedious issues for weeks on end. It is a mentally and emotionally exhausting job.
Sometimes a bit tough to work with the large personalities of senior management, and tough to influence HQ decisions from the global regions. As we great larger, it got more and more corporate (naturally). One thing though--I never really had time off. With the iPhone I was always tethered and there was an expectation that we would be on email and calls all the time, which was the price to pay for flexibility.
Depressing taking so much money for a company and earning so little. Too busy. Scheduling random, shift patterns unpredictable.
It gets boring after a while and you feel like a robot.
Poor management Unfair salary system no help for career development
Being the face of the most recognised company in the world is not always fun. You will have to take a lot of criticism and negativity on the chin for the company. If you aren't prepared for this, and have a lot of passion for Apple's products and vision, it gets quite hard so get ready to grow some seriously thick skin. The other issue now is that Apple Retail's priorities have shifted from the products to profits. I know you might think this is a 'duh!' statement, but I worked there for 5 years and watched the types of training and the attitudes of management change from being product-centric and non-target-driven, to new staff knowing nothing about the products and given target after target to hit. They will up-sell EVERYTHING to customers, despite being the most valuable brand in the world. This was central to me ending my career with Apple.
VERY harsh management. Can be a very stressful place to work. Zero sympathy for failure and high expectations of success, even if it's nothing you have direct control over.
be careful with the at home advisor offer, they don´t pay for the space, electricity nor heating and you´re responsible for the safety of the equipment... they lack of transparency and they tell you after a week that you won't get paid if your internet or phone are down of no fault of yours and you don't get paid if the system is down as well (happens rarely though) if this happens 5 times you loose your job they also don't give the exact description and measures of the desk chair and work area they want until a week after you join... also the only thing they reimburse is the internet and that happens with a delay of 3 months so for example you get refunded for january eventually in april...and you need to chase them be aware that you´ll be receiving calls 8 seconds after a call finishes which could drive you crazy...you don't even have time to drink water and it rings again...if you tell the manager about it...you get an aggressive face asking" so what now, think about it you can't cope with that? it´s gonna be always busy like that..." your work is simply and ridiculously judged according to customer surveys, specifically a graphic....and that could make you loose your job very very easily and don't even try to argue that it´s not your fault the customer had to wait long (sometimes up to 30 minutes -not enough advisors-) or apple has very high repair prices or even that the colleagues before you just messed up and you receive the survey.... NONE will listen...the surveys don't get deleted so no effort is really made there...which is scandalous the turn around is very very high so none is worried about firing few agents...they have 3 or more training classes in one year and they hire people from abroad so they don't waist time checking anything...statistic ok you stay...not ok you go!!! theres a lack of consistency...for one advisor is one metric very important for the other another metric...so you´ll never know...you just could be fired although the most important metric is showing 100% but the less important one doesn't meet the standard....it could be just 4% missing that makes you loose your job.... I never in my working life had to tell a customer to please just consider my job and not the other factors when they evaluate the survey because that could make me loose my job....I had to do it with apple....you handle up to 60 calls a day and you are evaluated for an average of 35 surveys a month...also don't even try to argue about that!!! shifts are pure luck...dont count there on having a work life balance! Also BEWARE when they tell you the salary will increase to a specific amount after 6 months...it just doesn't happen...or you´re told oh it depends on performance now or there will be no increase this year.....so you just hear and read people leaving.... when you decide to work from home think that theres no career progression at all (not what they make you think in the interview or later), so you´ll be stuck doing that dull boring and often stressful calls every 8 seconds...when asked about moving back to the office the answer is theres no chair for you here or you apply and we will see.... Be careful with the interviewers they are just wolfs in lambs clothes.....management is incredibly careless... it´s very hard to keep your self motivated working for a company that doesn't care about you and your future.... there is a struggle to keep things positive and avoid the truth when its criticism or it gets a bit negative...some advisors even get away being aggressive to others during work only for the sake to keep things positive... it´s a very stubborn company, if they would only invest genuinely in the welfare and retention of their advisors like they invest in their design....it could be a good company to work for All in all Apple big name big shame you realize you did a mistake joining them when it´s already too late....
One of the biggest company on earth if not THE one and it never made the top 100 best employers once, neither in the US nor Global. Here's why :  -Work conditions are bad. Imagine for each hundred employee you have a tiny break room, one toilet, one fridge, no place at all and a lot of stress and pressure to perform. -Working there is like being in a black hole. This company siphons talent, time and energy dry. Then they just let you rot until you quit and they replace you. -Salary is good compare to other places but it's really not that good when you consider everything you give in and the life quality you lose. Most people are better ending somewhere else and that's why they do. Plus the customer traffic is HUGE so the workload goes accordingly. -Career opportunities are close to none. You can get a promotion when someone is leaving and yes, a lot of people are leaving every year but this bear questioning why? -They work with headcounts so once the limit is met, even if the need for more employees is there, even if the metrics proves its there, they will not hire more or give any promotion. -Not enough staff. The workload is incredibly huge and at first you are motivated to give the best of services but you understand fast enough that they ask for the impossible. They could hire twice the number of employees and still it would be complicated so imagine how hard it is now. -Work/Life balance is bad. Part time employees will work mostly 4h shifts right in the middle of the day so it completely destroys their schedule, and full time employees will often work 8-9 days in a row including night and weekends and with only one day off in between (they have to organize with others to have 2 days off in a row).
You need to be self driven
Very very limited perspective, low salary. Closed-door policy at Apple Retail Germany and horrible leadership there as well.
Retail Hours and call outs
- Too much cool aid
- Staff are treated like children and even though they are told they are able to make 'tough decisions' it rarely is allowed - Put pressure on sale of addons like Applecare and mobileMe, previously - Every Sunday there is 2 hours of 'training' which is very boring and rarely educational - Those chasing progress throughout the are usually destructive to the atmosphere and morale of the entire store. - Very few entry level employees work their way up to corporate levels, like they are promised. - Management will often put rules in place then undermine it when the staff take criticism from customers, making themselves look good but destroying the hard work the staff members do in explaining why policies exist.
- Scheduling is usually inflexible, especially a problem if you're part-time. Hours fluctuate between 15 and 40 hours a week for PT throughout the year, and you have no say in this.  - Incredibly sales and attachment driven, vastly more so than Apple will ever publicly say. If you can't hit your targets, management will give you a hard time and in some cases try to push you out.  - Management take the customer service culture very literally. For example, some will almost always side with the customer and not with you as an employee, leading many to feel undervalued and disrespected. Often you have to go with policy and give the customer a hard line, and when they ask to see a manager, they'll do almost whatever the customer wants and make you look like the bad guy. Probably common in retail, but seriously demotivating.  - The whole process of career advancement and development is very opaque and shrouded in mystery. If managers like you and you have good numbers, they'll give you opportunities – if not, you'll have to fight very hard to even hear about them in the first place and even more so to be considered. At my store the vast, vast majority of people never advance or get promoted, and many are trying very hard to.  - Customers at times can be brutal. At Apple you're the front face, up against people who have crazy expectations of what Apple can do for them. Free replacements of broken phones, discounts on purchases, six-month-later returns, free training, you name it – you're always the one who has to give them the bad news, and it doesn't always go well. I've been pushed, screamed and sworn at. Don't underestimate this one.  - When it gets busy, it really gets busy. It really tests your ability to deal with pressure and stress to the extreme when customers are pulling you in five different directions and managers are telling you do 'one to many' sales and support. Most of my managers became stressed out at these times, hyper-intense and irritable – and because they're so focused on making customers happy, they invariably take it out on the employees. I've seen unbelievably unfair and unprofessional behaviour from management to employees, and many have left because of it.
Terrible practice of putting staff skills to task Very little internal promotion
Very hard to get promoted.
Slow advancement Wrong expectations Advancement Again Favorites are rewarded to often Cliche Some people do not leave the high school mentality behind
People are looking for the next big product, mgmt lack direction after the dismiss of Steve.  Organisation has changed such that employees are viewed as resources only.
Do not be fooled into thinking this is a way into Apple Inc. A lot of people think that by joining as a Specialist they'll somehow be designing the latest products within 5 years.  Everything is controlled from the US, this can lead to a less flexible understanding of the EU and its laws/practices that can cause problems as the company doesn't acknowledge the differences.  Can take longer to progress but this is because its an environment full of talented people.
the people you serve and micro management, everyone thinks their the boss as soon as they get an iPad in hand.
You don't really know what's happening around outside of your role. Some people may feel disconnected and losing the sense of belongings.
Company's culture  Rowdy hiring process  Obvious and persistent salary discrepancies among employees  Training serves no purpose
Have to work weekends all the time, management doesn't truly listen to concerns about traffic and general business, they just want more sales and don't care how you get them, if store traffic is down so is your commission (generally),
Canadian management is long in the tooth, lack-lustre and don't really have any truly corporate executive experience. -Too much kowtowing to US management
Well every company has ups and downs
The pay isn't great for the effort you have to put in - you will make the same as zero-effort retail roles in other stores, yet be expected to do so much more. Retail runs to 7-day availability, so don't expect weekends off, or to nominate days off.
Management is horrific and utterly unprofessional Employees are not being taken care of (I worked every(!!!) single weekend for over one year, plus late shifts for 4 months consecutively) Employees are treated as cash cows (see above) No loyalty whatsoever Two of my managers threatened me with termination for no decent reason and told me my leisure time would get hold off my job which needed to be talked about (WTF) Area managers somewhat unprofessional and narrow minded Career opportunities only given when crawling into other manager's backside. ...  This list is actually barely exhaustive.
Too many to list. This job really isn't worth it. You are treated terribly by customers AND management. Managers are more concerned with their bonuses than anything else. They are very metrics driven and you must meet your sales targets or else you will never move anywhere else in the company. If you aren't hitting sales targets you'll be harassed daily. The management will flat-out lie to you about things and are excellent manipulators. You have zero work-life balance and you will not be able to choose your days off. You have to work throughout August and December as they are "black out periods" and you will never get inside information about products or upcoming releases. They are VERY strict about the way you speak or conduct yourself while on the sales floor. If you say something they deem to be out of line you will be reprimanded. They love to use the whole "we're forward this offence to HR" line just to scare you. Management are bullies, plain and simple.
growth opportunity. You can do your jobs for years without been promoted.
working at the foreign country
You could get sucked in to the career and lifestyle - and if this is not your career choice but a stop-gap you could end up looking around in 5 years time and realise this wasn't actually what you wanted to do! You also get all your friends, family, acquaintances, people you meet on the bus asking you for insider info on new products and wheedling you for a discount. That can get annoying.
People expect tech support from you.
nothing , everything is fine . keep it as it is . nothing needs to get changed
Poor management structure, poor team spirit which lead to negative comments and worry within the respective language groups. Mis-managed and poor recruitment process.
there would be certainly no cons because it was the company which had a former ceo steve jobs
working hours,shag alone,no bathrooms, on time submissions
Sometimes was a bit chaotic. Difficult to make substantial changes due to the uniform nature of Apple stores globally. Sometimes very political especially if you didn't socialise with everyone.
Stressful place, where you have to get work done in very little time.
favoristism and long standing hours
serious lack of positive reinforcement. you never hear the end of it if you do something wrong and nothing when you do well. managers are completely uninterested in the employee side of the story. managers single people out. zero work-life balance. fearless feedback is a load of bull and management doesn't follow their own policies. i was constantly and consistently put down and with the exception of two leaders, was spoken down to and treated like i was incompetent and i know i'm not. they always focused on what you did bad and didn't give a crap when you did something well. once labelled, you will stay labelled. little room to move and grow. near zero support for dealing with abusive customers.
The expectations. There are no bonuses, be it pay or real recognition, but the work you're expected to do is of the highest calibre. The hours are unforgiving and the stress of certain days are not for the light hearted. Progression is difficult depending on what route you're looking at. Forget corporate.
-Canadian management is long in the tooth, lack-lustre and don't really have any truly corporate executive experience. -Too much kowtowing to US management
Strictly private! You are not allowed to post anything related to apple
-Company and Management do not care about you -Small space, alot of people -No incentives
They have great values but not all of the leadership really know how to embody them and it hurts what Apple states they're trying to achieve for their "people" the employee's
Happiness is addicting. Also ended up working more than I planned
Other employers based in cork are paying much more for technical support.
Update notifications would be great in order to make future plans as being a prospected candidate. Sometimes, work/life balance was getting over and over.
- Siloed organisation - Low personal development support - Lack of commitment outside of the consumer area - Budget constraints
Worst part is the pressure to add attachments to sales, though there is no compensation for this and it sometimes feels like they want you to push attachments on customers even if it isn't the right fit for the customer.
Extremely high expectations with no incentive to succeed other then to not be fired. Do not expect any commission, do not expect to work with attractive people, do not expect positive reinforcement or effective coaching.
The contact centre feels more and more like a call centre each day - also the opportunities for growth and career development are becoming more and more scarce
Progression within Apple is almost impossible. No matter how much time and effort you put into your work and how talented you are its almost impossible to climb up the ladder in Apple. Numerous people have left for this reason. You have to sign a 3 month termination contract so if you are looking for a job whilst at Apple you will most probably have to give in your resignation before you can start looking for a job unless the company hiring you is willing to wait 3 months!
The management are a complete contradiction to what apple retail is all about. There is no real progression.
very very corporate - so be careful and make sure you follow all rules. There are a lot of things that you won't be able to change about the company, so don't try and be willing to accept a lot of things that just are because its 'the apple way'.
I worked for apple for some time, i could not recommend it to anyone, everyone works on a 16 hour contract so they can stop you from getting a pay rise or holidays or health cover, would end up going in for 2 hour shifts loosing money due to travel costs, and its like a brain washing machine, how can someone advise you on tech products when all the other staff use is an iphones, i use mac windows android you name it, i think it makes no sense to say you can only use one or the other ? Also the managers are not tech trained and could not organize a shift pattern if they tried, apple is like a religion for some, they do try and brain wash you its sad because some people just cant see it happening to them its like hitler youth? plus the wage is terrible imagine working all hours screaming customers, massive ques of people all for minimum wage ? if i had to choose between mcdonalds and apple id pick mcdonalds.
Internal hierarchic nature or long serving staff, new management sometimes don't 'get it'.
It's still retail at the end of the day. There is a glass ceiling. It's very difficult to get into leadership roles, and even harder, near impossible to go corporate. Only 2% make it to Corporate. So many talented people had to leave.
Sometimes it's hectic, and you need to be fast.
To much process and procedure
Extremely strict about protecting information and protecting the brand. Sometimes you have to deal with the extreme Apple enthusiast (who wants to tell you about every Apple product they have ever owned) or Apple hater (Who 90% of the time has never owned any Apple product or used any for more than a few mins but tells you about all the negative things their friends say about Apple) Other than that nothing bad to say.
Shift within the team create problems in social activities outside job, and inside the job with breaks and lunch, sometimes job could be boring, sometimes too much attention on Stats
Ambiguity amongst management and employees. Career opertunities can often be falsehood.
it is retail... so there are odd hours, and sometimes pissed off customers, but overall, its the best it gets for a job in retail.
Apple Singapore doesnt recruit fresh garduates
Stress, unqualified managers, no respect for personal time.
Salary and benefits outside of the US not that competitive, especially for long serving non-sales staff.
Do expect to work longer hours if you want to succeed and get promoted to your dream job at Apple. Flexibility and dedication are expected at all levels of the company.
takes over your life - they demanded a lot for a casual retail job. it's good if you love the brand and want to become a genius for the rest of your life but not suitable if you just want some spare cash to get through uni!  too many hierarchical buzz words- which provided a bit of a cultural clash between the american structure and the australian egalitarianism.
I have nothing bad to say about working for this fantastic company.
Seniors are so good but not so good as they should be.
Once you reach a certain level within the Retail side there is little further training or progression beyond possible management positions and even these are seldom promoted from within the staff with outside hires being the norm. Poor salary with little increases for long service meaning you are stuck in an underpaid job with no possibility for progression.
The needs of the business are always far more important than your needs as a human. There is no respect for your personal time and the scheduling is an over complicated mess. There is too much"micro-managing". There seems to be a lack of opportunity for career progression unless you're willing to live out of a managers pocket.
Some staff clueless, don't appreciate you if you contribute above and beyond, require devout relationship to products, alternatives as a suggestion frowned upon.
dont have open mind. sometimes, we dont know what we do
High school politics, micromanagement, holding up opportunities for potential people, constantly teaching people basic computer skills gets mundane. Work/life balance is terrible. I don't see much of a future here. "Credo" and "culture" are a bit to be desired. One thing to believe in the products but the culture is way too much "juice" with their "fearless feedback", etc. Too many employees also don't know much about the product and use.
Not for people who aspire true corporate culture and regular 9-6 jobs
Cultish following, pay is average (but great benefits more than make up for that).
No clear direction with development.
I thought the hourly rate was a little low for a company like Apple.
Relatively flat hierarchy limits vertical career advancement. Being relentlessly driven also means it is not easy to achieve work/life balance.
no cons of this great company
Takes a considerable amount of dedication and time beyond the required and set hours.
Rigid scheduling, inflexible hours. Locked in for months.
Nothing so much it is just that the employees are pre-occupied to themselves
there are no cons that i can think of
Stressful sometimes, having to represent apple to the masses.
Can be frustrating dealing with rude and upset customers. You just have to be understanding and try to see their side of the picture. Not many opportunities for growth and seems like they don't promote from within the company (at least on the retail store side).
once they put you the blue t-shirt they forget your previous experience and skills and you can forget any career in this place. You will probably remain there without opportunities. Managers are taken from other companies like jeans or shoes companies instead of letting you grow with time. (and you could be even and electronic engineer)
Profits have become far more important than people.
food, cramped, stress, time management
nothing really pops up as cons.. it depends on the person, team and the management.. good luck!
Too many people who do not care and not enough passion
Asians are just as good.
They take the idea of everything being 'the same' too far - they treat small stores the same as big stores, particularly in management roles, which in big stores like Regent Street, are poorly used. Employees don't feel valued or respected by the company, and feel like just another face that has been roped in because they know how to put on a smile.
Very, very rigid Not much scope for creativity Execution rather than initiative
The only draw back is that if you are in the retail end it is retail so the hours 7 days a week just like any other retail situation.
1. Hard to transition towards corporate
The culture of secrecy permeates the business, making broad changes sometimes more difficult.
Internal politics, and bad pay at Retail shops.
egotistical costumers who are rude
long hours working 24 hours a day
Like any retail job, the hours are flexible. If that's what you're looking for because you're in school or have a second job, then it's a pro for you.
Limited communication with other areas. Very little differences in day to day work for most of the less prominent jobs. Few discounts on Apple products.
None, because the Apple Company bashed the Decks of Technologies.
- Working from home (This could be a pro for some) as long as you are a definite homebody, if not you will get sick of it fast. - Management is scattered and clueless, and they are always hiring new Team Manager's instead of finding someone from within to promote. These people are as clueless about things as new hires are, because they are new hires. - Everything is very number driven about your goals. Even the "mini-teams" we had with a leader of each team. There was at least 4-5 emails per day about something number related. - To be on the frontier for technology, Apple's internal systems ALWAYS go down, or something is wrong with them. You are expected to maintain the same customer focus even though you don't have the tools to do your job. - While experiencing down time due to system errors, the main system iLog can't track your login times. Don't expect to be paid for this as I was told I will not be, even though you were working with internal departments to get it resolved. Work for free! - You are tracked by aux codes in iLog system you use to help customers. - Some people are helpful, but you also have people that don't want to assume responsibility when you transfer a call to their department. A lot of people are very snobby and have the "big head" about knowing their products. Most of these situations are people that have been with Apple for several years. - The company is experiencing growing pains. I am very OCD and it drives me nuts how backwards and disorganized the tools you use and the management is about daily processes. - Putting in comments and fixing your time card can be a nightmare if you have vacation or sick time to input. - Very hard to move into a substantial role within the organization. Whether you continue to work from home or move into retail. It's slim to none, unless you reside/work in California or Texas.
work/life balance is nonexistent -- plan not to take your vacation days as anything but a cash payout never admit to a conflict or concern about work/life balance -- just work it out the best you can and hang on, or leave, whichever makes the best sense to your situation
Cult lke culture. It makes you feel other companies are all shoot.
corp greed at it's very worst
It's retail– long hours at relatively low pay for the amount of sales you generate. The workplace is noisy and often crazy busy, with the store a chaotic crowd of customers.
Difficult schedule inflexible management feels your replaceable.
- You reach a "glass ceiling" in this position very quickly - Paid disgustingly less to do more and more work as the company continues to grow, - A "Genius" can EASILY get paid 20-40k more for doing the same work at many other startups and companies - Retail will always be retail no matter what position you work at - The opportunity for growth is very limited - Managers will always play favorites and there are a lot of politics involved in decision making instead of skill sets, experience, and potential
- Very few promotions to management from within (retail). - Most managers were District Managers of other big retailers, and were recruited. That means they often have no experience whatsoever with Apple Products or Culture, which can be hard to take as a long time Apple enthusiast and employee. - Drastic differences between Retail and Corporate culture, with Retail often feeling like the ugly stepchild. - Retail doesn't receive all of the same perks as Corporate. - Retail hours are inflexible and don't allow for much of a work-life balance.
Were treated like cattle, and were basically pawns in the eyes of the corporate employees.
customers, customers, customers, crowded, competitive
Political. Back stabbing. Cliques. Stores are crowded and noisy. Perks removed, apparently because of Steve Jobs. You definitely need to have an ally in management. Employees "spy" on each other in the name of "feedback." It's easy to get painted with the wrong brush. Rewards aren't as good as they should be for so many contributions to the bottom line. Like being in high school again.
you have to drink the cool aid if you want to last. It eventually becomes very tedious work. Also, their "raises" are a joke.
It is pretty obvious that some people are paid far more than they are worth. Always some tug of war over what really is the priority for any given month.
Notgreat growth plan for employees
None! It truly is amazing to work at Apple
- The concept that people have of Apple such as it's commitment to innovation, amazing customer service etc wasn't really felt on the floor. - The employees were never made to feel as if they contributed towards the success of the company
- mentoring program isn't great
Not a lot of opportunity to grow, at least within retail. Hours are less then fantastic, and highly stressful environment.
Some con's are,especially if you are in the back of house, there is little to no room in advancement.
Retail always has it's downsides, mainly the hours.
there are more than 500 thousand app... in it
Over the last few years, there's been a shift from hiring true Mac enthusiasts to hiring retail-heavy managers who just push employees to sell, sell, sell... which isn't really received well when you're a tech trying to service a broken Apple product.
be prepared to put in the work, and the hours, and if you feel you can't keep up with the pace, don't expect to be waited for.
Fast-paced environment, not for the slow types. They really aren't a lot of cons getting in is the hardest part.
You do not get paid for the amount effort you put into it. They always promise that everyone can climb up and progress their Career within the Company. At Apple, it is even a bigger Competition
Retail is still retail. Working hours all over the place and stores are a zoo during holidays and on weekends. Not worth the stress. Find another job.
Work life balance. Not much people development.
Secrecy and privacy might be so important that it might be a taboo to do things normally considered minor.
Dealing with cranky customers and frequent contact with low-level management types causes some stress. Few opportunities to advance. Long hours.
Apple's management cares more for their quarterly bonuses and promotion opportunities than the team they lead.
Getting into Apple is seriously difficult to get into.
Management severly lacks good communication.
retail does consume most of your time while remaining understanding to your needs
The current Store Leader has no evident people skills and fails to communicate to the team. He seems to have his own objectives and goals. Frequently management ignores requests for improvements.
Part-time hours tend to stink, and the emphasis on attachments means you really have to go above and beyond, even on slow days, to open up opportunities for yourself.  Additionally, the attendance rules are absolutely horrendous.
Late working hours and sometimes you have to work weekends But overall there isnt really anything to complain about
There really aren't too many cons except for this one: You will be spending long hours in the office. Honestly though- if you love your job, it's not a big deal.
there mangment is very bad
good good good good good good
just a busy place to work.
The main problem with working at Apple was how much the culture changed a few months into the position. You receive training which doesn’t emphasize how critical sales are and are often told to ask in store when you asked questions about numbers. The training and the real job is two totally different atmospheres. When you first start you’ll feel that it’s all about creating a great customer experience until certain managers push metrics/numbers in your face. Eventually this leads to certain employees picking and choosing customers to sell solutions too. If you perform you’ll be praised to an extent. But if you kiss ass you’ll succeed without the performance factor. For a company like Apple politics still exist unfortunately.
If you don't like to hustle, look elsewhere. Slackers need not apply. Monetary compensation could be better, but skills learned will serve you well in the future.
Salary can be low, but very well compensated as described above. Sometime employees are a bit late informed about latest news or products. Which sometimes can come as a big surprise. Makes the work challenging though.
Monotony and co-workers. If you stay in one role for too long, you will quickly come to realize that the job is highly monotonous, you must be self-motivated to move further in the company. I know I said that the people are great, but now and then there is a bad apple.
strict corporate guidelines, limited freedom  The company has very strict guidelines that all employees must follow and it is not a good place for creative minds unless you are in one of the R+D departments
The review is entirely about IT.  Very political environment. Lots of back stabbing/finger pointing. Fearful/threatening environment, incompetent middle management who drive away good talent for political sake, no room to make mistakes which kills creativity. Upper management / HR is very arrogant as the company is doing extremely well. Not so great compensation/poor benefits compared to many other big companies in the Silicon valley. Upper management is always trying to please the executives and in turn forget to respect employees. Poor people management skills in the middle management. Inexperienced directors.
limited if any career progression and staffing goes through fazes of high quality to high quantity but never finds the right balance
Comp not great but stock helps negate
Like any flat organization, it can be difficult to move up and through the company. The company is also very ambiguous, which can make moving up to the next position difficult and unclear.
If you have read Steve Jobs Biography, that mentality still exists. a $100 billion company operating like a $10 billion.
Apple Inc. has no cons in it
It was a retail job, so there were some rude/entitled/irritating customers. The Specialists and Geniuses were all great, but the upper management seemed to come from a totally different place (usually because they were sniped from other companies), so they didn't have the same passion for the job, friendly personalities, or forward-thinking outlook that most of the low-levels had.
Definite brainwashing atmosphere with lots of pep talks and cheerleading moments which leads either to intense love for the company or a silent, brooding disgust of many company policies.
Cutthroat interview process, some bad apples, recently Apple Retail has had a bigger emphasis on revenue than before Ron Johnson left the company.
Retail hours. The company severly under pays for the knowledge required to do the job.
Ambiguity, and lack of path.
Retail - sometimes you have to deal with very frustrated/unsatisfied customers, life/work balance can be tough.
No career advancement if you are in retail. Very demanding schedule. No weekends. Felt disconnected from management.
Ambiguity makes it hard to plan your life Talent continues to be brought in from outside (at least in Australia) Never getting a weekend off, but I guess that's retails Pays better than a similar sized retailers, but they expect the most experienced and talented people for that
Call centre mentality and overall very low morale, where colleagues would not greet or include newcomers due to old conflicts (nothing to do with myself) with Management. Boy's club attitude which affected the professional atmosphere in a negative way , as well as whole-team scare-tactics when Management felt it necessary to punish under-performing individuals.
- Work-Life balance doesn't exist - High attrition - people cannot stand the pressure and crazy hours after some period of time - Low pay and employee bonuses
need more people to work sometimes
No clear direction and ambiguity
Menial pay, ineffective management and difficult to actually have ideas heard and move up in the company. There is also a lot of favoritism exhibited.
Tough work-life balance somethings (often times self-inflicted).
Just like any retail position, you may get tired of the environment.
Could go horribly wrong if management becomes bad
you often get some pretty terrible customers or get frustrated by the processes you have to work within, probably inherent in working for such a large company. They pay doesn't seem high enough for what you do.
I worked in 4 stores. There is no such thing as work/life balance. The schedule is completely unfair. Although there are rules that full time people must have open availability, there are a lot of people who do not, and everyone else has to pick up their slack. I could never take certain days off because other people had class or standing doctors appointments. It got to the point where I could not take any days off because everyone else had so many stipulations.  Because the week starts on Saturday, if you take a weekend off, you can expect to work a minimum of 7 days straight. Fridays are included in the weekend.  The work is physically taxing. You are required to not only be on your feet all day, but to scurry around like crazy.
10% discount from the mac creative.
Apple was unable to scale as popularity grew. It will always bother me that 25% of the employees at my location did not own a Mac.
I can not really think of any CONS to the job. You work at a place where there are a bountiful amount of intelligent people who have gone through just the same process of getting in as you have, so you are sure to enjoy the job.
Very little upward mobility once you reach Genius. You can't move up to management unless you leave apple and work for a Starbucks or Pottery Barn.
- High pressure environment - Difficult to move from retail to corporate
Can be high pressure depending on the season.
Hard to advance anywhere within the company
Company is cheap and they don't value work family life balance
Ambiguity of direction at times.
Very unpleasant working environment. Call centre area was a big artificially lit room with no windows.  If you're working in After Sales you have to take dog's abuse from customers. There should nearly be counsellors on site to help people cope!  New customer service agents are expected to come up to speed unrealistically fast on everything.  I was so unhappy working there I actually became ill (for pretty much the first time in my life) - something I attribute to the stress of working there - and had to leave.
Retail structure undervalues its specialists
-You will get burned out very quickly -Managers don't know anything about products or services, only how to say yes to customers -Retail, so on your feet all the time, still not enough time given for breaks -Can only really move within retail, very hard to move to corporate - Will meet a lots of weird/annoying people
Work life balance is not as great
nothing really, turnover time maybe
- Growth opportunities limited vertically
competition for career progression is fierce and hard to come by. If your looking at moving from a retail role into a corporate role then dream on, they like to keep you working at what your trained at, selling stuff. Corporate roles are only shared with you because it makes the company look better. Also all the manager seem to be hired from pret or Starbucks, in short they don't really have a clue how to handle irate customers who have spent between £500 - £2,000 on a bit of kit!!
Depending upon the department you are in, there might not be that much room for growth.
It can get incredibly busy from time to time.
it can be hard if you do not apply yourself.
Not flexible in procedural, low increment.
None that I could tell. But that sometimes do matter on personal preference of a person.
When you come back home, you feel pretty drained, That being said, it can also be a good thing since you'll get a good night's sleep.
take a head or you may not have a salary........
Expected to resolve phone/ipad/ipod appointment in less than 10 min. Expected to resolve computer appointment in less than 15 minutes. Expected to multitask up to 3 appointments at the same time. Impossible, stressful assembly-line treatment. Unhealthy rotating retail schedule. Sometimes working 2 months without every getting a weekend off.
In the retail store, it's very hard to get anywhere. If you want a steady job doing the same thing over and over, clicky group with management, and frustration in trying to work your way up the chain, it's great. Retail store is not built for "careers" unless in my opinion.
you do not have any chance to influence anything
The People I worked with
Arrogant HR, not accessible, unilateral decisions impacts your net salary, weak training offering and career plan. in some countries very small teams
You can start to get tired from standing on your feet all day.
-Retail hours -The unending cacophony of hundreds of people bustling around new devices (store specific)
Some workers cheat their way up to a promotion.
hard work but very good fun
depending on manager, can be positive, or negative
Not feasible for long term engaements
Very stressful. Management is not supportive.
there is diadvantage of low jobs as higher class job men gets higher salaries nd more opportunities
There are no cons working with apple
HR controls everything, including how miserable you can be, and makes really bad decisions like it's their job. Time off is a hassle. The job bleeds into your normal life - there isn't a "life away from Apple". Employee discounts not compelling.
sometimes too focus inwards and not able to listen outside
nothing but it include little more staff
- Company has ballooned in size
i don't know any off them
--If you want to move up in the company, it is impossible to do from this position.
attendance policy unfair. scheduling unfair. compensation not based on performance, leverage stability over adequate pay
Lackluster Retail Management Inconsistent hours Managers have no technical experience Pay is high for retail, low for the technology sales which is what you're actually doing.
-Occasional people with narrow views as far as technology solutions
- Like any retail environment, your mileage will vary based on location and management. Culture can be very different from store to store. - The vast, vast majority of hiring for full time, career level positions is done externally, despite the kool-aid about development and opportunities that is poured down your throat during training. No matter how good you are at your job, there's politics and favoritism when it comes to who gets promoted. - As a Specialist, you will deal with hundreds of angry people with broken devices that you can't fix and the next genius bar appointment may not be for hours- or the next day. A lot of stress and rage will be thrown in your direction for things that are not your fault and that you can't change. - Scheduling is terrible and inconsistent, making it hard to maintain a work/life balance, but again, I don't fault Apple for this necessarily as it is standard for retail.
pressure and lots of long hours
Work life balance, and the need to accommodate employees.
Very high employee turn over. Great job when just starting out or after a successful career but tough to raise a family if you are not in management.
Too clicky..management picks who they want to promote, prey on employees love of their products.
Store Leader can micro manage the place into the ground
Day to day can be nonstop
Huge work load. They were very demanding and at time they would actually set their goals higher than reasonably attainable according to your situation.
Long hours, no flexibility with scheduling, not enough pay.
- Too much pressure and work load - Employees are treated like dogs - Unrealistic management style
overworked,hours are all over the place
Far too much weekend work "expected". It's like wearing a badge of honor to diss your family in favor of a weekend at the office. Clearly the solution is to hire more personnel, but why do that when you can work your engineers 6-7 days a week 6-8 months out of the year.
Delusional and detached management, very low compensation in correlation to demands, no follow through with advancement opportunities, customers are groomed to expect what cannot be adequately provided
Consistency between managers could be better, and it would be nice if there weren't obvious favorites.
watching pl mistreat gadgets inside the store
Ideally, wages would be higher, but there are a lot of side benefits that help balance out things such as good health insurance, employer matching on 401k, options for stock purchases, etc.
Required overtime when the need arose. Made it almost impossible to balance work and school
The only con I can think of is you don't make much as a red zone specialist but if you work hard it's easy to move up
you must deal with a lot of unknowns and you may not always understand why you are being asked to do something
Has turned into more of a numbers driven retail experience, and less about the customer experience. HR issues galore, that are not given a second thought- unless you are not liked, and then you will be forced out.
low salary metrics being pushed location is bad not strict enough no business attire product training sometimes too late not enough money
Expect long hours, hard work in most, if not all, groups
Apple is a large and growing organization. It can be difficult to navigate your growth and development. At apple they innovate in every way all the time, so things are always changing which can be good & bad.
The retail environment is challenging and stressful and you are pushed to work beyond your means. This does give you life skills to, but can burn people out.
The company is growing so fast that there is never enough time in the day to finish Lots of hours Leadership may be overly attentive to detail Too many manual time consuming processes
• Retail. • Company culture is not working very well at retail. • Retail.
The only downside is that it is very difficult to first gain a position with Apple.
There are many decisions that have been made to help the customer experience at Apple, but to the detriment of the employee experience. They have been layering on more and more task but not the labor to support it and expecting the same results in customer and employee satisfaction. They lack a consistent and structured way of building leadership talent within the organization outside of the ASLP program and it impacting the morale of the teams, because they see the lack of LEADERSHIP.
Lot of confidentiality, which is important for the company but it frustrating at times..long hours. Decisions without much logic you feel sometimes.
Apple's absence and attendance policy is not lenient enough. It is far too easy to make an honest mistake like recording your next day's shift arrival time incorrectly only to find out upon your arrival at work that management made no bother to contact you. When you're an hour late at Apple you are docked TWO points for a single occasion. A third point with in a three month period puts an employee on final notice for an additional rolling six months. No late, no sick, no emergencies or Apple will terminate!      It seems that a week doesn't go by without some press release from Apple touting how amazing sales are currently going or recent quarter results have blown away last quarter results or how Apple has amassed even more millions to try and stuff into their already over-flowing coffers. Well, on the flip side not a week goes by in an Apple retail store where store management is pressured from above to keep the stores staffed with as few employees as possible. The word "utilization" is constantly heard in the back halls of an Apple Retail Store. The idea is that if the staff sees enough people per quarter, the store will be rewarded additional positions on different teams. For example if the Creative team has X number of personal training and workshops consistently throughout a fiscal quarter, an additional Creative trainer will be added to that team. The team's weekly goals are set before the quarter begins. The team then sets out at the beginning of a quarter under the ruse that if the team works hard everyday and achieves these goals consistently then a new position will open to help with the constantly increasing workload. One thing is for sure right now at Apple... More and more people are buying their products. Foot traffic is increasing at an almost exponential rate, yet quarter after quarter with all or almost every goal met those promised additional positions barely trickle in or fail to materialize at all. In the end the current employees continue to feel more and more pressure to stretch Apple's "greatest resource, our soul, ...our people." thinner and thinner to meet the increased business needs.      As an Apple Family Room Specialist I find myself coming in contact and interacting with hundreds of people on a weekly basis. During these interactions I may be fixing a device, replacing or swapping a device. I may be teaching someone how to properly use their device. Many times renewing a customer's faith in the product and the company that made it. The role of the FRS has many hats sometimes. If an FRS is Mac trained, but a Genius position hasn't opened up yet (see utilization rant in last paragraph) that FRS is expected to do all the duties a much higher paid Genius would have to do. FRS's are also required to spend a great majority of their clocked in time performing the duties of a somewhat higher paid Creative. All the training of the highest paid hourly positions, but your move from where you started at Apple up in the Red Zone as a Specialist back to the Family Room as an FRS in considered a "lateral" movement. Lateral??! How is this so? FRS's have to attend specialized Family Room Foundations training to even achieve the FRS title. A GYOG (Grow Your Own Genius) FRS has to take number of highly specialized certification exams before that FRS can take any Mac appointments. Again, the FRS trains, obtains specialized skill sets that are then often called upon because non-GYOG trained FRS's cannot take MAC appointments. The pay needs to reflect the training and know-how. Apple is capitalizing on this ambiguous nature of the FRS role. Check into any Apple store's Family Room and this fact is plain as day. FRS positions will out-number or even match the Genius and Creative positions when combined. Good job Apple! Way to get all that you can out of an employee without paying them a fair wage!
Management sucks. I thought this was unique to my store but I found it's worse other places.
1. Work-life balance is an issue 2. Too much secrecy gets in a way in getting things done sometimes 3. Inefficient system. 4. Some areas of the company started to deploy bureaucratic system and culture
You have to request time off about a month in advance.
The only downsize i would see at working at apple is that they aren't very organized in there stock items.
The pay is slightly below average, but the stock plan blunts this somewhat. The Legal department is surprisingly old school for a company that "thinks different."
Apple is consumer based company, dealing with business which like to deploy Apple product as iOS or Mac osx can become a nightmare. Apple has so much success that they cannot fulfilled the demand. As business, customer needs quantities and qualities of service, Apple is not just able to do that for business customer. Business is about 9% of Apple business, it is not worth it for them at the moment, Things might change.
Longevity too many employees to manage
Sometimes it feels like you can do really good work but end up getting in trouble because a customer was a complete weirdo and gave you a bad score on a survey.
Management is clearly corrupt and not capable of leading a team who is far intellectually superior to them. We work in technology, learn it.
Can become very busy with customers who need their devices fixed and to be taught how to use device. Some managers in the retail stores have no technology background. Wages could be a little higher :)
I work longs hours and very shot dead lines. I stay in San Francisco , then I have to spend about 1 hour to get to the workplace
Consistently overworked and under paid. Hiring incompetent managers who know nothing about the products. Not enough vacation time.
management isnt always 'apple' weekends are incredibly busy be prepared to do your best, people to lag behind dont get hours you share hours with 60+ other people a lot of people in the stores are just wasting time and playing with gadgets, which can at times be frustrating when you are trying to filter out the people that do need your help
Location preferences are difficult to meet
The company does not value the employee at all. This company is bigger than any employee, it will use and wring you of all your worth and simply replace you with another employee once you are worn out. You will be exhausted.
*Pathetic* pay (and managers who act astounded if this fact is mentioned..."we are competitive with retail" is a cop out when you are expected to have the level of expertise necessary to do this job Bait and switch in hiring process Opaque and mysterious process for advancement It feels these days as though they want to squeeze more and more expertise out of specialists and build bench for family room, but keep them in the specialist pay-grade While the company talks about how important the "customer experience" is for Apple, they are really mainly concerned with selling more stuff, so the "people first" credo for customers and employees alike seems like b.s.
Troubleshooting all day can get old fast. Especially considering that most of the customers you deal with some in with a predisposition because their devices aren't working properly.
extremely low compensation. this is not jcpennys, the employees are pushing upwards of a million dollars per quarter in revenue for Apple and are getting a $9/hr paycheck with no bonus/commission. very humiliating and discouraging. it will vary store to store, but leadership in ours does not have a vested interest in employees, only short term problems being solved to make their life easier. employees are not as valued as the company says.
Accurate scheduling can some times be an issue. Once in a while, a bad Apple, pun intended, slips through the cracks and gets hired - usually these people aren't cut out to be what Apple wants to represent.
Overworked, underpaid, and under-appreciated. Disparate employee expectations, the social circles you travel in dictate what you can get away with. Plenty of nepotism and favoritism to go around. Crazy hours and scheduling, Apple's expectation is that Apple always comes first in your life. Constantly being made to sign nondisclosure agreements (literally every day for an entire week). Time Clock which, despite Apple's amazing technology, somehow manages to shave clocked hours on a regular basis. Worst ever aspect was being instructed to racially profile customers, to ensure that products are getting into the hands of "promoters", and being instructed to refuse sales to customers who don't fit the bill (yes, really).
All the things there are quite good. For my department, i think they should have more activities to bonding the group members.
-never can see family -have to work weekends -customers treat retail employees like dirt -terrible discounts on products they expect you to know everything about
holidays block HR needs a big improvement No commissions but bonus No kick offs or gifts to top performance teams or employees.
Honestly, I can't think of anything negative concerning my work experience with Apple. Everyone on my team have been great.
No direction for advancement. Talent and technical knowledge is placed below sales power and general sucking up to management. If you're under 25 and want to make Genius or Creative in under two years, good luck. Too many hoops to jump through to get to where you want to be, and the rewards for doing so are not great. Pay is lackluster for the amount of BS you'll have to put up with.
Low entry level pay and somewhat crazy work environment for the salary.
-Unrealistic expectations of employees. -Lack of respect for personal time and personal growth outside of the company's agendas. -Very poor scheduling, including but not limited to respect for employee time off the job. -Lack of sufficient training time for the broad range of responsibilities that employees are expected to adhere to. -General disrespect for the employee's skill sets and backgrounds. -The inclination to indoctrinate employees with the "Apple" way. -The recent implementation of a distinct separation between the lower level retail workers and the management teams. -Hidden agendas, which are only revealed by inexperienced "management trainees" and other less skilled managers who are attempting to implement Apple policies regarding the treatment of lower level employees and their subsequent relationships with management. -Decline in employee morale. -Company expectations exceed realistic situations in the field. -The recent emphasis on the fact that we are "working in a retail environment". (does that mean that we should expect less respect and less compensation, though we are expected to be more flexible and work harder?) -Discouragement from personal time, personal enrichment outside of Apple, and originality. (We are encouraged to agree with company policies and agendas, while our personal opinions are either shunned or dismissed if they do not adhere to the company's objectives as dictated by management or the company's directives.
Meeting your personal metrics is a priority for the store - managers deny it, but it is basically a sales job... If your good at it, you'll last - if not, good luck.
- difficult to get days off work - pay is okay, not great however - have to deal with some geeks :)
Limited growth once you've reach Genius, creative, or expert
As with any retail, there will be peak seasons and slow season. when the slow season come around, you will see a drop in you hours if you are not full time.
Stressful when busy, perhaps understaffed. The non motivated employees "hide" from work
Little room for advancement depending business group you work for Work Life Balance
nothing to speak of, I am very blessed
You are extremely underpaid for the amount of work you have to do. You are usually overworked and feel extremely tired
stressful workload especially on service side
Growth is definitely there but you're constrained to the roles in a retail environment so eventually it seems there would be no were else to "grow".
long hours, competitive culture, separation among the ivy league schools
Management treats EVERYONE like they're a teenager Salary not enough for what they expect Lots of ambiguity-rules change constantly and you're expected to know all the changes If you don't know something youre mocked for it Information not shared freely among co-workers. Everyone wants to be "the star" You think we'd get some free products sometime for meeting goals. Never happens.
Tendency to get folks to work to the breaking point before they get support.
Pay Customers are very ill informed and rude often giving up at NOTHING in getting what they want Most stores have 6+ managers, not all take leadership responsibilities the same Hour unpaid lunch retail = working till 10pm, holidays and weekends
No room for advancement. They do not promot from within. They hire managers from other stores and hae them take a pay cut.
- Management is totally inadequate. They manage high-skilled and motivated employee like if they were Starbucks seasonal part time people. - They say what matters is their people but there is absolutely no career possible. You get stuck at the position you got hired for years with a random chance to evolve (poorly). Almost NO ONE makes it from the sales floor to manager. - Starbucks/Gap/Disney management team. Like mafia, they all worked together prior to Apple. Impossible to join the gang, even if you have the best feedback and results on the floor.
Technology is still male-focused, and as a result there is a much larger of percentage of male employees, although Apple doesn't shy away from moving women into management positions. The path to promotion within the company is not clear, and the process is extremely complex and depends almost entirely on the ability of the management staff to organize and provide feedback.
- be prepared to work late, til wee hours quarterly for some, round the clock for year end. - pls note: NO profit sharing scheme so hardwork to support the growth of company doesn't get rewarded - boring office, no celebration deco nor chit chat happily during working hours or you will be deem too free. - not so flexi hours, no work from home and don't come in at 10am or get confronted by management. - have 'shoe polish' skills if you want to do well. - too many layers of hierarchy and management have mood swings. - very difficult to take long holidays, abv 2wks. Ask around for advice before joining. High turnover as mgt attitude is if you can't take the workload, there are thousands enthusiastic ppl hungry to join.
In my experience, it was the management that was shaky. There were great managers, and then there were the ones that had no idea how to manage at all.
Horrible shifts for 3 months at a time---no flexibility No flexibilitly with time off, shcedule adherence is more important than serving the customers now. Before we became home based advisors it was a great place to work, now we are micro managed to the 9th degree. Management has implemented rigid policies that do not allow ANY exceptions to help the customers with their complaints any more. The level of service has decreesed dramatically in the last 6 months due to management advising us to cut back in terms of appeasements and exceptions that had made us #1 for years. People are not happy at Apple Customer Relations anymore and many are looking for other jobs now despite paying higher than most call centres. The 3 month shift and nights and weekends have destoyed our personal lives but Apple doesn't care it's all about the money.
long working hour makes difficult to balance between work and life. often time have to deal with people of strong ego.
Pay is very low compare with the market on this kind of position
Lots of losers have been cOming into the company these past two years with the growth. They can ruin the cOmpany.
i really dont have any issues. ready to go back!
Managers are unprofessional and not supportive. The company talks about work/life balance but, at least in retail, it is often just talk. Employees gr burned out quickly and leadership lacks direction. Pay is good for retail but this is not traditional retail and for many jobs, salaries are quite low.
Retail pay, retail hours. The hours and scheduling are always random, even if you're full time there's never any method to the schedule.m
Poor quality management Total lack of commitment to training and development Highly macro managed work environment makes changing the tinniest details near impossible
Dont get the recognition you deserve
- Pay: really low compared to industry standards, no negotiation regardless of experience - $10/hour range. I took it as I wanted to gain experience and thought very highly of Apple - Hours: they say its "flexible" but in reality its not. They work around your school schedule but otherwise you might get 6AM shift one day and a 9PM shift the next, can really mess your life up. - Management: MICROMANAGED to the extreme. Your computer screen is monitored, you keep a log everytime you get up to use the restroom, basically like a typical call center from home. - Customers: its not the Tech Savvy young people who call you, its the less experienced crowd who does not know the difference between a Mac and a PC, or how to turn on the phone, etc. You will get yelled at because you can't provide free support, you also have to sell AppleCare packages every month to hit your quota (yep, phone sales!) - Technology: You get an iMac to use at home, the soft phone and iLog (call logging system) breaks most of the time. You have to log everytime an error happens if you miss one your Manager would just blame you.. - WORK LIFE BALANCE + HEALTH: be warned, if you occur 3 sick days in 6 months, you are OUT. Yes, you get fired for occurring 3 "incidences" - which includes seeing doctor, if you're sick, or just need PTO. Vacation gets approved half the time if you plan really early, but only in certain months like October or Feb.
There is very little time to rest and very stressful having to explain difficult situations to people who are not very familiar with technology.
long hours, irregular schedule, most managers coming from either Gap or Satrbucks,
Terrible management. No flexibility in scheduling. No work/life balance - You must be in Apple mode 100% of the time. Secrecy. Low pay for what you do. Micromanaged - You're recorded on every sale and if you don't sell enough of something, you get a talking to. No room for advancement. Some pretentious co-workers.
Not enough staff members to help everyone. Customers feel extremely entitled, to the point where they are blatantly disrespectful to the employees who are doing their best to help them out.
- Pay needs to be more competitive - little opportunity for growth, lied to about how there was plenty - plagued by the many minuscule foolish things that occur in many companies like favoritism and arrogance - Sometimes can feel like a dead end although great excitement in the beginning.
Very demanding. Burn out danger. Less proud of Apple's greed, too apparent on several levels. Makes it harder to relate to other (and real) Apple values. Not much of a career path. We have the hardest time to let go of our arrogance.
The marketing push to create demand
its a bit stressful. Politics plays a role on your success at Apple.
management, no down time, no training, no support from HR
Management tends to think the success of the store is directly tied to their efforts when the truth is most of the management are glorified grunts. Apple is growing due to products that folks want.
can be a little 'cult-ish' at times, unorganized because of the size of staff, alot of back and forth and mis-communication from management, dont always get schedule far enough in advance
Very little in the way of growth opportunities. Customers are some of the worst I've ever seen in a retail store.
Sometimes a little overwhelming and managers can be micro managers, people can be difficult to work with especially when very inept
Management competence and professionalism is lacking. There's no good communication with the management, and some times it can be ambiguous. Customers can be very disrespectful, sometime it can become very stressful.
- retail is retail, working hours sucks - once you are either a creative, ics, genius or expert... you're unlikely to be considered to grow your career inside apple (managements or corporate), 99% of the time: their hire from outside - there is alot of politics going on within the team
The management is not at all empathetic. You are expected to work, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Period. There is no regard to holidays or personal events.
None that I can think of
Lack of communication from managers. Being told one thing, but getting in trouble for doing it.
Retail hours Retail pay Overworked at times Under appreciated at times
Famously high standards can be frustrating sometimes. Probably better for everyone in the end.
A lot of internal struggle to be a standout employee, a lot of internal competition. A lot of mindless leadership for very minuscule tasks that really have no worth for the overall team or store.
does not have promising future
It's a huge monster that cares less and less about individuals and more about profit then anything else nowadays.
The hiring of upper level positions advancement does happen internally but not common. Most of the mac specialist, which are just sales associates are treated by the public as computer masterminds but are just sales associates that are passionate about the products they are selling. The job is awesome as a part-time job but I wouldn't expect a career out of it.
Because Apple products are always incredibly innovative and well designed, there is an incredible demand for them. The retail stores are essentially the "face of Apple" therefore they are thee only places many people know to get their Apple products. What this means with a job at Apple is that you will ALWAYS be busy, you will ALWAYS be pressed to work more hours and you will find it VERy difficult to get time off. For instance, I once requested the week BEFORE Thanksgiving off 5 MONTHS in advance, and wasn't approved for it. It's tough but logical. Apple has tried to accomodate by hiring more staff but unfortunately Apple cannot seem to hire enough people as the demand just continues to grows at an unbelievable pace.
It's retail. You have to deal with angry customers.
it takes very long to get promoted and the opportunities are limited in scope. Managment can be very demanding on multiple projects at one time
pay/benefits are not as good as other companies
Nothing is wrong. I go to and leave work happy.
With all the good there are some bads: horrible pay for what is expected, little to no advancement opportunity, get work out of you by placing advancement opportunity in front of you to only turn around and hire externally.
Poor compensation doesn't even begin to describe how bad the pay is. No bonus despite record quarters of growth, not even a holiday party! All our equipment is buggy refurbished models. They claim to promote from within but I have yet to see it, they have all been external hires. You can do better!
Even though they pay a very competitive salary, it starts as a part time position. You really have to be a very outgoing person and produce great "numbers" in order to move into full time positions. They also have a strict attendance policy, and it is not clear as to what exactly leads to termination. I understand that people need to show up to work on time, but make it clear what exactly leads to termination.
The work can be tiring and, at busy times, the hours can be very long. Some stores are very crowded and busy all the time.
low opportunities for advancement within store, communication issues from management, no store leader
Pay is very minimal. With how much money Apple has, its very odd they can throw a dog a bone. Though it is retail.
Salary might be below par in comparison to similar positions
The downsides of Apple are going to be about the same as any retail job. During the holidays and launch days, it is a very high-paced environment and there are a lot of people to be helped in a short amount of time. It can get stressful, but it's worth it.
there's none actually because the company is great and i've never had any regrets working here.
Apple's rhetoric on the value of its employees falls short. Opportunities for development are highly competitive and there is a tendency for favoritism. Even full time employees find it very difficult to pay their bills on a very modest lifestyle.
The only con of working for Apple (isn't really even Apple's fault) is that customers believe you should know everything about everything.
Unfortunately the pay is only half as much as working directly for Apple instead of a vendor, but this is really the only downfall.
you have to work long hours at times, most weekends are booked, and the stores are always incredibly busy, which isn't too bad.
The compensation isn't great, and the brainwashing gets a little over the top. Managers can be dicks, too, a lot of the time.
year round air conditioning -
The only downside I can think of is that fact that employees get little time to prepare for new products because of the "hush hush" mentality at Apple.
Some of the shifts are crazy and our call floor is a bit crowded at the moment.
salaries are not so good
Sometimes, the customers can be a little cranky and they may be really upset when they just don't understand how our store works.
I truly have no cons about working there. It may get busy and hectic, but that's because of the passion our customers share with us about our products.
Company-wide, Apple continues to provide low pay for the environment that you work in. There are promises of advancement, but this almost never happens. If, in the instance it does, expect to do more for the same pay as you had in your previous position. Putting up with irate customers all day requires more pay - sorry.
If you are not explicit about your availability, they will schedule you for many consecutive days and weekends are required (unless you take care of that up front at the time of hire)
Poor communication from management, and empty promises about valuing the employee above everything else have made the exceptionally high standard Apple sets for itself a facade. Every company has a mission statement, but only a small handful of those companies live up to it. Apple is not a part of that group.
Constantly busy, which can be looked as a pro dependingnon who you ask.
It is very demanding env at Apple. Folks works lot of hours. Management expects a lot from employees. If you do not like, it is not a right env for you.
Hourly paid, not really many downsides.
there are no downsides there
stress, pressure, lack of communication sometimes
Depends on the working group.
no career advancement opportunity, poor management and lack of training
at the same time its tons of work for what you put in and sometimes its overlooked because of the "busyness" of the store.
You work in retail which can be very stressful at times.
After you reach a certain level within a store it is hard to move past that. Pay does not seem fair based on performance, and education. They base pay on current store performance and it is impossible to adjust pay after you are hired on. If you get hired you must negotiate pay.
Pay is not very good for the amount of work you do and the expectations they set for you. They come in really low from the get go and while some have to "earn" full time status, others just get it right off the street. be prepared to kick ass if you are one of those. Career path options are vague and never what they seem. Things change daily and just never know what to really expect. One minute you think you have a promotion coming up, and then you find out last minute you actually have to compete for it with fellow co-workers you already love as well as outside registrants. They say they prefer to hire from within first, but I don't always see that. Management many times is completely computer illiterate which is sad. You can manage right if you don't' know the product yourself. Kudos that learn fast, but don't knock the talented just because you don't know yourself.
Wages but hey, it's retail. Gotta be able to afford to live off hourly retail wage until obtaining more higher paying roles which can take quite awhile to achieve but they do pay a bit higher than minimal standard retail hourly wages.
Craziness in the Apple Store may be too much to handle for some
If you work on a phone based job, like Technical Support, be prepared for Shift Work and weekends. Otherwise, its standard office hours. (Customer Relations don't work weekends but do have some late shifts to back up Tech)  50% of Apple are all systems go on Bank Holidays, not necessarily just phone based agents. The good news is that you get the bank holiday back as vacation hours so you end up with something like 30 days of holidays per year. Much better than double pay that goes to the tax man anyway.
The work/life balance Apple keep banging on about is non existent, barley a moment to take a break, let alone your lunch, too secretive, the internal database and systems aren't fit for purpose - makes ud look stupid in front of the customers.
We are not paid enough for what we do- which is continuously a slap in the face every time I hear how successful Apple is financially- it's because they don't pay their employees enough and 80% of them are part time. And I hate being asked about Apple outside of work in social situations, it's awkward. Doctors especially- don't get me started about the time I was at the gynecologist who was a apple geek. There's a time and place to ask me about computer stuff- and that's when I am at work and on the clock.
Low pay compared to high profit
One bad manager can ruin an entire store-- be weary of new management as the trend when I left was to hire management from Gap Inc. Some are great, others not so much. The management team is what will ultimately dictate your experience within Apple.
The focus is on the customer and getting the product right and not really about family so it is up to the employee to draw the boundaries. If you don't then you won't have any sort of family life.
The senior management are inept, have not kept pace with the size of the company. They are looking to outsource all jobs and don't wish to develop staff. You are a judged on your looks not on the value you bring to the company. HR are a joke and you should be very wary about coming to work here.
Too much work No free food
None None None None None
Jobtends to be a bit high pressure/stressing whenever there is a deadline approaching and one is required to complete a milestone in the project.
All work and no play.
There are no cons to working at Apple. Everyone that I worked with were amazingly awesome and everyone gets treated fairly
Favoritism was obvious between the scheduling manager and certain employees. There was a lack of communication among the managers. The majority of employees are overused, under-appreciated and underpaid.
I really don't see down sides at Apple Europe as you are working with top Mobile Product based company in Europe.
Management is all about politics, hypocrisy, and recognition for only themselves.
Pay absolutely 'SUCKS' for as much revenue Apple brings in, especially from front line employees! The adverage sale 'Specialist' makes covers about 3-4 p/t 'Specialist' salary every 2 weeks!
None that I can think of
Hope to have better internal career opportunities and guidance for employees on a more defined career path.
Regional management value their own bonuses and profit maximization than their own people, let you work in unhealthy and cramped workplace, inappropriate compensation level for the work you have to do. Quotas are high and you must make attach rates that are also high.
No information about product cycles or upcoming changes to product lines made it difficult to accurately tell customers the best product to buy at a certain time.
It can be a stressful job because of the customers! They are rude and obnoxious and they expect the world because they know we will give it to them. No one has the heart to just flat out say "no." So almost anything goes. If the customer wants it, 90% of the time, the customer gets it. It's a pain in the employees' butts, but in the end we are generally happy to see frowns turn into smiles no matter what the cost.
Customers can be rude and policy for the most part is to give them anything they want. Very long hours especially during busy seasons. Pay could be better given the success of the company. Hiring/training process is long and very stringent
Dishonesty. Management plays games with you and tells you you will have all these career opportunities and that you can get promoted. It is a lie, its all about putting your time in.  I was a top performer and so were many others that I know that have since left. If you have talent this place is frustrating. They don't care about performance they care about who they like and who has been there the longest.  If you want to be in management you must be brought in as a manager. It will take you YEARS to become a manager starting as a specialist no matter how good you are. All my managers came from Gap or Starbucks with zero product knowledge. Many with very little management experience even. I have a college degree in Business Management and they brought in a manager with no education from Starbucks and put them over me. This person had managed at Starbucks for a year.  Managers are not really managers. They are schedule makers and schedule keepers. They simply make the schedules and send people on break and lunch. They do not chart profitability, inventory or any thing that requires skill.  The hours are terrible. You have to keep an open schedule if you want to work there full time. That means you can be scheduled from as early as 5am during holiday, to 3am to do overnight. Or in NY they have a 24 hour store I just feel sorry for them.  The pay is embarrassing. I personally sold over 1 million dollars worth of product last year. I did not get a raise. I did not get a bonus. I got a small roll up blanket at Christmas that fell apart the first time I washed it. Oh ya and my pay was $23,000 while living in Northern California where rent is about 1200 for a 2 bedroom. You do the math. All of this while Apple just became the most valuable company in the world.  I am not writing this because I am bitter. I am actually quite happy. I have since left Apple and I am making great money doing something I love. I simply wrote this to hopefully give people an accurate detailed description of what it is really like to work for Apple. Also I hope the people in Cupertino that are in charge of Retail development read this as well because I know from working with them that they are clueless to what really goes on in the store. Your customer service rating will go down and you will lose business because people who are talented will not stay in an environment with no opportunity.  I see so many people who fall into the propaganda and think they will some day work for corporate or get into management. It is a fantasy. If you are thinking I just worked at 1 store that must have been a bad one, actually I worked at 2 and observed others. They are all like this.
When dealing with customers, they assume that you can handle everything and know anything. The only downside is having non-understanding customers.
customer focus sometimes makes employees feel undervalued or unappreciated.
There is no downside to this place
High turnover rate results in inconsistent benchmark.
Sometimes I had to walk a long distance to use the bathroom, and I wanted to drink more water too.
Would like more money for the work I do.
Very corporatey feel and structure
low pay compared to what you're making the company.
There is too much left up to the store management as far as ruling and control. In the five years I've worked at a single store, It's gone from awesome management that understood That Apple retail is about the customer not the statistics on how much we make to money mongering managers from non-technological retail stores who only care about making numbers better so that their bonuses are bigger.
Unless you are one of the Mac Geniuses, Creatives or a Manager the wage you will receive, while excellent for retail, is hard to live off of.
There are no downs for working with Aple
Poor development for your career. Not willing to provide advancement or even advice for how to obtain advanced positions. When it comes to taking time off you are given a hard time about it. And the retail hours are not fun for a good work life balance.
long hours but well worth it
The store is very, very busy almost all of the time. You must be able to thrive in a fast paced environment.
Work pressure and long work hours.
Sometimes they don't give the attention an intern need!
not applicable none none none
the leap between retail and corporate, non exsistant
Management isn't always looking out for your best interest, but theirs. You can work your butt off to make sure they get their bonuses, but when it comes to you getting a promotion, they don't offer you anything more than the minimum. This is more of a management issue than Apple as a company.
metrics keep changing, live and die by customers surveys, even if they are not about you
slave driver management, no room for career improvement
- not a call environment - salary lower than the other companies. knowing that it is Apple. - what is a call center without politics
It can be difficult to advance at Apple because of the high requirements they look for even in positions that would not necessarily be deemed as such. For instance, a General Manager for an entire large retail operation might barely get their foot in as an entry level manager at Apple retail.
Long working hours, sometimes angry and irate customers, standing all day, retail pay, sometimes the management seem incompetent when making decisions, heavily driven by metrics competition with other stores, difficult screening process to get hired. All the stores profit margins come from attaching random things to big sales, which makes employees feel like they have to pressure customers into buying things they don't need.
There aren't many cons that I can think of as a hurdle to working here. Sometimes the work can be stressful or the hours long.
The worst part of this job is the retail aspect. Long hours on your feet, angry and rude customers, and dealing with fraud can make for a stressful experience.
Constant updates Alot of customers
Chaos. Chaos. Chaos. Lack of structure, process, efficiency and scabality in day-to-day execution. Systems and tools used internally are behind the times, making it extremely difficult to get work done in an efficient, quality-focussed manner. Very disjointed across departments. The product/hardware side is where it's all at. The rest is a jumbled heap of, I say it again, chaos. It's unbelievable how something looking so polished from the outside is so messy inside. Salaries and related compensation, in my experience, are below par. The brand is very appealing - but proceed with caution.
Pay:  For the level of excellence demanded, the intensity of interactions with the public and the required knowledge for the positions, not being able to pay your bills at the end of the month, makes it hard to justify the dedication. After all, in the end, a job is still a job, even if your are working for the greatest company in the world.  Management:  There seems to be a growing trend towards management that is from the 'outside' and therefore, though possibly able to manage people, managing tech people seems to be a challenge. Apple is an environment of highly creative, aggressive problem solving, tech savvy employees. The management skills needed to perform to Apples standards of excellence and meet the demand of the employees seems lacking.  Career path growth opportunities: From what I have seen and experienced, it appears that the red tape involved in 'moving up' is greater within the company, than without. There is more to prove, more demanded, and higher expectations placed on employees wanting to move within Apple, then if one was to come in from the outside. It has been said, the best way to move up is to transfer or leave, get promoted and get rehired. This seems both unnecessary and unfortunate.
There isn't too much room for advancement. If you stick it out long enough you may become a manager, which is nice, but you really have to like it there and do a really good job.
No real downside. The company has grown very rapidly so sometimes it is hard to keep up with new employees and processes.
Apple today is no longer the Apple of yesteryears and is growing and hiring fast. There is some concern that this can erode it's core culture as new people come on board, but it hasn't happened to any significant level yet.
They have such a high profit margin it would be great to see those profits spread around. Ya know? Hmm.
Very demanding, without time to step back and take some distance. As soon as any process or project reaches maturity, we change all over again and start from scratch. Hard to build on experience under such conditions. Tiring, to not say exhausting sometimes.
Sometimes the work load gets redundant A sort of smoke screen of false reality, its not a fairytale land -- but its not super horrible either. Questionable management teams -- I wonder if they know anything at all -- I sat in on hiring seminars with them and the people they picked out of the groups they interviewed were less qualified to work at fast food chain to say the least. only hire based on certain impressions and not on experience or knowledge. Management and most employess know nothing of Macs in general nor about most apple products.
Nothing is worth of mention so far.
The most stressful job in retail. TONS of pressure from senior mgmt without listening to feeback from the field (even though they say they do) - leads to highly ineffective practices at store level. The level of secrecy with new products/launches is simply awful. If you trust someone enough to run a store, you should trust them with secure information.
There is no cafeteria in building
Long hours can be difficult but the work environment is great and helps the time go by
Management needs overhauling. HR isn't really on your side, persay. Advancement is based on numbers and personal feelings.
In a retail store there can be times of chaos, which can be good as well as bad. Store management is the hardest part to deal with as they are more often then not dealing with customer issues all day long and not available to provide the support and coaching they should be to their staff.
Not a ton of downsides on a professional level other than for the fact that the store is always a million degrees and it's always jam-packed with customers. But it's a very small price to pay for a great job.
Apple seeks employees who excel in their areas of expertise, but depending on which department you end up in and which manager you get (they change often and there's layer upon layer of hierarchy), you may find yourself in a narrowly defined job with limited ability to use your existing skills. You also might not get an opportunity to develop new skills. Expect to work long work hours. Unlike a startup, you don't have much hope for advancement -- if you start as a drone you might remain a drone. You have to learn the political landscape, and it takes a while. Some people really thrive there and can move around. Others stay and take what they're given. And a few get kicked off the island.
no real room for growth unless you are really liked by management  looking for college even for part time work
Store leader was not qualified for her position. She did a lot of micromanaging/power tripping.
Retail hours Customers can be frustrating Very competitive for advancement, limited number of advanced positions Managers tend to stick you in roles with little chance for advancement Retail is a poor field for those with families (Not Apple's fault) Significant pay raises only come with advanced positions
Some of the management team are so terrible at their jobs (product-knowledge, social skills, experience) it's shocking that they have such a position of power within the store. It is HECTIC. You may be excited by this, but even on days when you feel terrible, there is absolutely nowhere to hide. This may be great for the first month or two, but down the line, it's a horrendous feeling to be bombarded by customers non-stop for a whole shift, especially when questions are always the same! As an employee of Apple Retail you are the lowest of the low.. You know NOTHING, and never will! But customers just won't believe you... The discount isn't even good!!! When you consider how much money you're bringing into the company every shift, which you get 0 commission for (or so they say...), you'd think the discount would be MUCH better. 16hrs is the minimum contract, no matter how good you are! If you're thinking about going into the company then dropping down hours, they WILL get rid of you before your 3month probation ends, again, no matter how good you are. Having to sell different add-ons with products is patronising, and such a con, because you get nothing for it... Unless you're looking to be promoted, in which case it means everything, because your sales figures are taken into account. Hilarious! This is why nobody ever gets to easily access management from a sales position, because if your sales figures are THAT good, why would Apple not want you active on the shop-floor? It's a vicious Apply circle. Apple constantly hire people, because they can. Ultimately, you mean nothing to them. If you're not happy with something, they'll get rid of you, and hire a shiny new specialist into the business. Apple Retail UK is NOT Apple Inc. You're working in a shop, which happens to be called Apple, selling computers for an hourly wage. Don't think you're anything special, because you're really not.
Little communication amongst teams causes lots of working on islands Company direction only understood by a few. Arrogance sometimes rules over logic.
Little to no recognition for exceeding expectations and taking on extra responsibilities, overwork and burnout are common, poor work/life balance, poor pay.  Many incompetent colleagues, and salary does reflect personal performance compared to peers.  Management is generally poor or inconsistent, lack communication, have little knowledge of products/technology, and push hard for numbers.  Still glorified retail - angry entitled customers, overcrowded store, repetitious, cult-like atmosphere, retail schedule.
Compensation and benefits are better for comparable positions in other companies. Not a clear and defined path for career advancement.
Though I had lots of great customer interactions here, I also encountered a LOT of extraordinarily rude customers. I have had customers personally attack me (for example, dropping f-bombs on me when I told them that they'd need to wait 5-10 minutes to see a Genius, and telling me I'm incompetent even though fixing iPhones isn't in my job description) and almost cried in the Red Zone on multiple occasions. Managers push numbers hard--even though you don't make commission. We actually had a wall that had not only the best sales numbers for the day, but also the worst, which I find completely inappropriate. Totally inflexible scheduling. Although I was part-time, they worked me as many hours as possible and you need to request off work several months in advance, even if it's just one day. Then, my biggest gripe--there is literally no room for advancement here. They tell you that there is plenty of room to grow with Apple, but in reality, they hire outside the company for almost all of the management positions. There isn't much incentive to perform when there is little chance of growth. And forget moving to corporate--it's pretty much completely separate from the Retail division. Finally, the vibe here is (surprise, surprise) a bit cult-ish...there are special procedures for doing literally everything, even giving a compliment to your co-worker. You are expected to do your job and never, ever question the company or its motives. Plus, they've created this image for themselves that attracts all these ridiculously talented and educated people to work for them, when in reality they are vastly overqualified for their jobs. One coworker interned for NASA. Another was fluent in six languages. Yet another was an experienced music producer. And yet somehow they were all lured into working a shitty retail job--which, at the end of the day, is all this really is.
Be prepared for intense workload, back to back 14 hour days and depending on your job function, lots of travel to the far east.
It's retail, low pay and bad weekend hours
Honestly, I really enjoyed my entire working experience at Apple. It was unfortunate that I had to leave, but my reason was because of school and the lack of time needed to bring in a paycheck.
It is very competitive to get into the company. You are most likely going to have to know someone that works there in order to get a job.
Politics - some managers didn't know how to manage or understand the technologies. Apple turns and burns employees. It is the standard practice there.
Some long hours, some burned out people, the strange policies that every company seems to have -- nothing out of the ordinary for an information systems job.
For retail, you don't work on commission but management still pushes product numbers very hard.
Long working hours and difficult to have work/life balance. Lot of international travel and work for 14-18 hours and up to 60-80 hours per week.
Bureaucratic with limited flexibility and initiative because of strict limits imposed by Apple Europe/USA. Very french environment, very few people of international backgrounds.
no chance of conversion from temp to permanent, no job security. they will prefer to lateral hire others into higher positions instead of training and promoting from within.
i dont like working at apple because there are so many employees it is ahrd to stand out and look good to managers
Very 1984ish and secret about policy.
hours could be better. Too long
Lots of dead lines to make
Communication can be difficult at times
Management is not qualified and it might be because Apple is new in the retail business or just a Quebec thing.
The hours are simply too long. There is no work-life balance. You will be expected to be on call at all times of the day, including weekends. Management forgets deadlines, creating a trickle down effect and time-crunch. Overall strategic planning is not a strength. Consider it this way: take your salary and divide by half (since you will be working essentially 2 jobs during an 80-100 hour week).
Poor pay, especially for those who hold college degrees. Promotions seem to be very politically based. Raises are very scarce.
Tough place to get accepted into, especially if you were a PC person.
Excessive work hours, I'm talking sixty hours a week minimum. Prepare to give up your hobbies and free time. Often find my job is switching from project to project with a lack of focus. Too political between groups and within the group at times. Some people have an "Apple attitude," I'll just leave it at that. Normal "alertness" is total and complete panic.
Very political No commission deal with people
No direct path from retail to corporate form employment Very young staff with primarily the younger, less experienced staff promoted from within Standards for promotion Schedule (holidays mandatory, as is typical of retail) Fragmented ideas with no follow through from implementation to inception
The leadership team is often the least knowledgeable on anything, often leaving you with nowhere to turn. They attempt to brainwash you as well with a lot of Apple-isms and if you go against anything you will fear for your job. The way promotions are given out is very sneaky and strange. They usually tell the person they want to have a promotion way ahead of time, and then act as if everyone has a chance. I've seen it happen with every promotion, even with myself. You have to pretend you don't know anything, and watch your friends interview for a position they've already given away. Very odd.
A lot of office politics. Work is physically and mentally tough in retail. Management preaches breaks and about employees deserving their personal and/or training time, however that is not the case. Expectations are for more work to be done within minimal hours.
The environment is fast paced and the hours can be long.
There hasn't been any compliants from me.
Many incompetent colleagues, incompetent management, salary does reflect personal performance compared to peers. Huge bureaucracy. Culture set around solving fixing problems and not finding their causes. Little to no respect is shown toward employees.
Be ready to be entrenched in Apple's corporate buzz word frenzy. There seems to be a lot of thoughtlessness abound.
1)sometimes very regid in terms of streamlining the process  2)Peoples are reluctant to come out of their comfort zone.
there is not much i can say regarding cons about working at apple, but the management is not so fancy. female management to be particular. preventing growth, holding friendship and favoritism towards certain employees, and disregard and competitiveness towards a strong personality employee
None that I can think of
it is not that bad at apple
Personal growth is impossible. I've been trying for 3 years to advance, management never has time to give any direction or listen. Answers to questions are usually "beat around the bush" responses or just completely useless and irrelevant to my position or direction that I am trying to go
Seems like we're expanding too fast. And, at times, it's tough to discipline someone's that not working up to par.
Long decisionmaking cycles, and folks are often reluctant to do things differently unless leadership requires or demands it
Stability, job security, big company, good compensation and good place to work
what's the new product and directions that can bring new growth?
You will sell $15,000 worth of computers a day, on a low hourly salary. Company parties decked out with pizza and candy will make you feel like a little kid.
Retail can take a toll on you, especially during the Holidays. It can be hard to find time to go see your family.
same as written above (see above)
Limited resources Employees give up much of their personal lives with little recognition by the company.
career advanceement , work life balance , overall compensation , timely and early sharing of information. cross departmental communications could be better, more flexible in letting us persue other out of work interest which may eat into working time
Have to pay for the gym. Lunch rooms and supply rooms are barely stocked. Supply rooms only have paper and interoffice envelopes with lunch rooms only have coffee, water and paper towels. No profit-sharing. Meager bonuses, cheap salary increases and inadequate number of stocks granted. Big gap between management and individual contributor compensation.
Can not think of any downsides. Apple is very particular about the people they hire and the training they provide - all of which makes for an amazing working environment
Base Salary is typically less and yearly increase percentages dismal in the US. Work in the busy season is pretty heavy.
, my only complaint is the amount of time I am able to take off and the restrictions around switching shifts. Compensation is fair, takes a certain ability to self-motivated in order to work from home
only you don't see that on your paycheck
It is so hard for you to stand out from others, and the workload is too heavy and so many travels.
The salary at Apple is Austin for AppleCare is low. If AppleCare (Technical support) paid their support teams better, then I would highly recommend to apply. If you work in the call center, you are highly scrutinized on your daily activities and numbers.
limited opportunity to get a full-time too confidential even to insiders salary is not so high compared with other big brand companies
long hours, low salary, big team
Work and life balance is not great at Apple. The product schedule will normally be crazy, and Apple sees it as normal.
Don't be blinded by the sheer shine of Apple in the UK. As someone on the inside, I've seen a lot of colleagues go through nervous breakdowns, breakups/divorces, strops, bitching, and dismissals for minor things. Apple has very little sense of humour, and its employees frequently overworked and stressed with little support for career progression work life balance.  If you work for Apple in the UK it's one of the most uncreative, dull and miserable places to work. In truth, it is more of a call centre with a load of project managers regurgitating the tightly controlled creative from the US for a European audience. I can't vouch for Apple US or (Apple Worldwide/ the 'mothership' as we used to call it), I've heard that over there it's entirely different and lives up to its image.  If you're in the UK and are looking for a job with which you can grow and develop inside the company, with friendly people who are happy to help and give you progression don't come here. I've known several over qualified and amazing industry pros who moved to Apple hoping it would be the pinacle of their career (as it should be) and have left 2-3 years later, bitter about the lack of career development in their roles, having committed years of their time to Apple but staying stuck in the same role.
-Each store has a different culture with policies that should intuitively be uniform enforced differently -Because sales metrics are so closely followed, competition can erupt between those on the floor
managers are horrible. they didn't want to listen. they at least got 5 people forcefully to quit from what i've seen.
Distorted .. Cut-off from the real world
it can be stressful at times
Increased emphasis on selling add-on services like AppleCare, MobileMe, etc. They have started tracking how much you sell, and if you don't sell enough, you're expendable. You don't have a lot of flexibility with your schedule in a retail environment. No opportunities to go from Apple Retail to Apple Corporate.
The opportunity to grow is limited to what kind of positions are available . Even if you've been with the company for a while and you are qualified to move up, they might not have positions for you to grow into.
Privacy and closed door policy is an issue with some teams. Information is given to you by management on a need-to-know basis.
No work/family balance. Be single, and not have a life outside work. Don't ever expect to be able to improve processes or how things get done. They build 21st century hardware with 1980's tools.
The only real bad thing about working at an Apple Store, and any retail store for that matter, is the hours. Sometimes working until 10 just isn't fun.
Needs to better recognize good employees and not just turning into a who's friends with who to advance up the ladder.
Despite all the talk about "positioning" and "expectations" in the interview process, it all seems lost in the store environment. The CORE training says Apple encourages feedback across management lines, but in practice it seems like feedback in all downstream. The mantra is "this is retail" which is at least a shot at honesty. Training time for creatives is not a priority even though pro certifications are high on the priority list. So I guess I expected to get the opportunity to learn more in-depth stuff about Apple pro software and then teach it to customers who are using those products. Instead creatives at our store are used as fill ins anywhere else in the store when we are not training. There is also some subtle sexism from management, including the women (most of whom seems to be from some other mall store management position), and they don't approach me with technical or software questions the way they do my male co-workers. Work/life balance is not on anyone's balance sheet either, so expect to make attempts to rearrange your life around a totally random schedule. No matter how hard you work, you have to self motivate, at least at this store, because that is the only motivation you will get. I am really disappointed this has turned out like this and am using my few days off, and I mean that literally, we often work eight in a row, to look for more reasonable work (even in this tough economy). My work ethic is huge, and I will continue to work as hard as I can to make the customers in my store happy and make them feel valued until I move on.
Big company, not a lot of transparency. No career development.
You have to take a lot of pressure all day long, which is absolutely wonderful for the company itself. Generally, by the end of the day, you just can't wait to get out of the store. But, it is an amazing job and would for sure go back if the opportunity for a higher position arises.
Stores can get very cliquey, depending on which store you are in. Other than that, it's a great part time job that will enhance your professional advancement.
They are focused on consumers, not professional use. Secretive nature is a little too much. No product roadmaps, etc. They tolerate really unprofessional behavior (management should never scream and yell at everyone). As long as the consumer market is pulling in so much money, professional sales will always be the afterthought.
Disorganized when heavy crowds come into the store. Very strict late policy, as being late gets recorded to corporate immediately.
Sometimes it gets so hectic and there are so many employees that it's hard to get recognized when you feel like you are going the extra mile to do a good job.
-Not good for work/life balance -Low pay compared to other companies -Low bonuses -Lots of reorganizations -Schedules that are too aggressive and unreachable make people cynical/disillusioned -Lots of politics
Management stresses the perfect solution for every person but if that doesn't include things like MobileMe or ProCare that they are pushing at that moment then you are doing something wrong. Management not always qualified. Saw people terminated for things they had nothing to do with, with no evidence except one manager feelings used as proof.
The stores are always packed with people. NO breathing time, and the company is very strict and secretive on their products, which really contributes to their success.
Can only start as part-time beginning wage is weak no benefits until after a year of part-time
To be honest, the customers sucked. People came in acting super condescending and rude. I mean sometimes you would get those great transactions and get someone really excited about a product and then the next thing you're doing is dealing with someone who hates you, who hates apple and just wants to complain. It's also a fast paced and busy environment and a lot of customers were rude about how busy it was.
- minimal dress code (Bathrobe guy, I'm talking to you!) - senior management apparently lives in a different reality than the rest of us - too many senior managers hired from the outside = change in corporate culture, and not for the better
Information is distributed on a need to know basis
no personal time pathetic feedback one man shows no discussion or communication
Like any retail store, you occasionally have to deal with arrogant, stupid, and belligerent customers. It works out well, though, because the other employees and managers are very helpful in dealing with the aforementioned customers.  The pay isn't great, but I'd say it's a little above typical retail hourly rates. As part-time, you don't get health benefits until after you've been there for a year.
Its always busy. Some may see this as a pro. I kind of like it because you never get bored and you get to help people. Others may not like it because they don't get any free/down time. But to each their own.
There is limited room for carrer advancement at least at the retail level. Most management postions are filled from outside even though there is good talent from within. There is a lot of politics from the managers but I suppose that is the way all bigger companies are.
Overtime expected, not paid. Anyone lucky enough to be able to leave at 5 would be seen as poor performer from management. 110% of our contract hours is the minimum expected. Managers are sharing positive results with the team but are keeping the credit for these results
Customers have high expectations of the store and of everyone working there. Friday nights are like a day care center.
Apart from the down-point of the promotion within the company it doesn't matter because Apple is the best place for me!
Very difficult to advance, especially in an economy where they can hire whoever they want at whatever position they want, even if that person is vastly overqualified. Things also change on a minute to minute basis, so if you want to know what you'll be doing going in to work every day, this is not for you!
As a Genius, there is barely time to breathe as you go from appointment to appointment at the Genius Bar. There is a high probability that you will go to lunch late as you can get stuck in appointments.
very structured, moreso than some may want, no commission (which may not be what everyone is looking for, but would sure boost the pay)
Working in a call center means being chained to a phone and rarely will there be a chance for promotion.
If the economy is bad, good luck with getting hours. Sometimes micromanaged and strict.
Way too much secrecy. Sometimes they tend to overlook your hard work and great performance. FYI: If you are a hard worker, you must maintain a great bond with management. Otherwise, the "slacker" at your store that tends to talk more often than work and has a great bond with management, will get promoted way before you do.
Hours can be long and projects can be intense.
Too much secrecy, arbitrary top-down decisions, sub-par benefits
Apple took a step towards making sure employees were happy and satisfied and then took about 10 steps back. Though they say that their people are their heart and sole, I never felt it.  SECRECY! if it isn't posted on the public Apple website - you know nothing except the rumors that everyone else hears and you are required to deny.
a dictatorship - you don't get to make many big picture decisions work long hard hours sometimes without much recognition can be overly political
Salary is not very good. No promotion and not decent salary increase, bonuses Worktime is pretty long. Working on weekend is pretty normal
Very political. People are promoted based on politics and relationships. They are not promoted based on skill or performance. They hire externally and do not give internal candidates a chance to progress up the ladder.
Some of the downsides in working with Apple as a Creative include: The realization it's still retail, not many opportunities to move up into management, stiff competition for positions.
You got to wear working uniform every day if you ever decide to take the position at the retailer store.
The company, being very secretive to protect its upcoming new products, may make it difficult to work with others across the departments.
First of all, despite what you're told at hiring events and new employee training, you don't really work for Apple, Inc. Instead, you work for Apple Retail, which is for all intents and purposes an entirely different company. There is little to no career connection between the two, and retail employees are looked upon as second class citizens by corporate employees. Your chances of getting promoted from Apple Retail to Apple Corporate are no better than they would be if you worked for anywhere else. In fact, they might be worse.  The day to day routine of working for Apple Retail has some significant problems. You can expect that your needs will always come second to "the needs of the business." In fact, anytime you hear that phrase, be prepared for the next sentence to describe how you're going to be screwed. For example, "I'm sorry, Joe, but the needs of the business dictate that you can't take a vacation between October and February, or June through September" or "Well, the needs of the business mean we can't give you a fixed schedule." Your schedule will be erratic. You may work from 2 PM to 12 AM on Tuesday and be expected to come in at 8 AM the following day. If there's a product being launched (iPhone, iPad, etc), you may be asked to work overnight to set up the store, then come back in the next day and work another shift. Sometimes you're asked to work straight through. During normal weeks your shifts will often be right in the middle of the day, leaving you little time to accomplish anything before or after. No scheduling preference is given based on seniority, family considerations, or any other factor. Any and all time off must be requested in writing, often several months in advance, but your schedule won't arrive until a few days before it goes into effect. Long stretches of the year are blacked out for vacation time, due to the needs of the business. Favored employees will often be given a pass to take vacations during this time, especially senior managers.  Your coworkers will be neatly divided into two groups: those who are able to rationalize any decision made by Apple Inc, and those who understand the company for what it really is. There will be many more of the former than the latter. If you're a member of the relentlessly optimistic tribe, you can probably do very well in Apple Retail. If you're not, be prepared to hear impromptu speeches about how Apple products "change" and "enrich" people's lives, and how amazing it is to work at Apple. Many of these people will be older, and some will have either failed at or quit other careers to sell computers for a few dollars above minimum wage, which adds an undertone of desperation to their happy message. If you find yourself in the less optimistic camp, be prepared to be part of a very small minority, and get ready to hear about it when you decide to speak your mind. In fact, don't speak your mind.  Overall, Apple Retail is a place that spends a lot of time and money to promote the idea that they Really Care about their employees. One of the first things you're given when you're hired is the Credo Card, which lays out all that Apple Retail stands for and believes in. The very first line of the card is, "At Apple our heart and soul is our people." But what you'll come to realize over time is that Apple Retail doesn't care about you at all. They care about making money, and above all pleasing the customers. And that's it.  If you hope to have a long, successful and rewarding career at Apple Retail, you'd better really love retail for it's own sake. Loving the products isn't enough, in time you'll grow to resent them. You need to love all the complicated, illogical, arcane intricacies that make up the American retail model. If you do, you'll probably do very well at Apple. If not, it won't be long before you'll be looking for a way out.
political, very interesting ways to get to the top
The management staff was extremely clique-y and hired for management within their friend group. They preferred people who told them yes and toed to the company line without questioning it.
The people aren't always very kind. I am a social person and they are somewhat dull. This is not a big issue.
Very fast paced work environment, beware of backstabbing, very long work hours. Being a good engineer does not necessarily get you recognition, knowing how to play politics and make yourself look good relative to your peers is most important. Too secretive, sometimes it's hard to get the whole picture for a project you're working on.
Apple is NOT known for it's transparency, which can be frustrating in regards to promotions and career paths. For example, it seems to be taboo to ask about pay ranges for the different positions in the stores. The retail environment tends to have a high level of turnover due to unusual hours, high expectations, and a lot of part-timers competing for a relatively small number of full-time positions.
Stressful environment, very demanding sales structure.
With retail, it seems to be a very different story. It feels like a retail store and not like the rest of the company.
It' can be a high pressure, high stress, we-need-this-today-or-never kind of gig at times. Given all the secrecy there's a lot of duplication of effort.
sometimes favoritism takes place over performance
Mad customers Lack of sources Schedules are pretty bad
- robs you of your social life - rigorous deadlines - expensive to live in California
Sometimes it feels as if you don't know if you're doing a good job or bad job, unless you ask for specifics.
They have been focusing on career development a lot lately, which is important. It is tough to envision a rewarding career at the company right now, because there won't be a lot of turnover in Apple management.
The cons of the job are really what you would expect working with a company like Apple, you are held the incredibly high standards, with almost consistent feedback on your performance.
-For the most part, it's a job not a career. In my time with the company I have never seen a retail employee go into management. Having been surrounded by talented people with plenty of leadership potential this has been frustrating. I passed on several great job opportunities when I graduated college to work towards a career in leadership. I feel as if I have been lead on for far too long. -Corporate recently took away a bunch of roles and positions within the retail stores. Nobody lost their jobs but the timing was terrible. To make such an announcement during the busy holiday season was irresponsible. Even worse, the announcement was delivered by the website that corporate uses to communicate with retail. The message wasn't even delivered face to face. The morale in our store is lower than it has ever been.
Starting salary was lower than what i was making although i just started the job. Customers will be customers unfortunately.
Very big company where you can feel a bit lost Career path development could be improved a lot Much secrecy
Fast paced and stressful. You've got t work hard. Difficult to ahieve work/life balance. Personal sucess depends largely on style of direct manager.
You only get to know the specific area you are working in since there is such a high secrecy in this company.
Low pay, no commission, no bonuses. Advancement opportunities limited to retail store management. Training on advanced technology is lacking.
Very tiring if you work hard, still a lot of politics for retail. Change happens slowly and really only when initiated by corporate retail management.
You are just a number in my opinion. Not much focus from my manager on her employees. Too busy for your own employees
Employees pay a price for mismanagement. You are judged in great part based on customer surveys and it doesn't matter, if you yourself are to be blamed for customer's dissatisfaction. Just to give you an example: when customers wait long times at the phone, they are going to complain about it, which counts to your negative stats... I saw people dismissed on this ground. The constant rotation of stuff is not going to make customers happier, as the new ones have to learn everything first. It's a vicious circle.  It's very hard to get promoted, once they found a donkey to work hard for little, they will try to keep him/her in this position for ages.  The level of supervision is comparable to the work camps. But maybe it's all the same in American corporations in general.  Salaries are also poor, compared to others in the industry.
Long Hours in retail Annual Raises-Could be on a semi-annual There wasn't any incentives programs
While corporate sales reps are compensated for their efforts on a traditional commission basis, retail sales people are hourly and apparently not considered when corporate sales jobs become available.While corporate sales reps are compensated for their efforts on a traditional commission basis, retail sales people are hourly and apparently not considered when corporate sales jobs become available.
Poor organisation, lack of communication between corporate and retail, constantly changing the game, benefits are getting less exciting now compared to the way they were.
Taking a lot of smart people who used to be the best where they came from and then putting them all together, where they are now in the middle, makes for some interesting situations. Can be very stressful at times.
Middle management is extremely frustrating to work with, and in general those of us in the stores are treated like children. Back-end systems (ordering, communication, etc) are incredibly frustrating to use and detract a lot from the enjoyability of the job. There's a tremendous degree of burn-out due to the way employees are treated and the frustrating relationship with middle management.
• No training • No support • Inept Management • Staggering brain washing • iPhones • International differences ignored
a bit boring...wish i could do more than just cleaning
No commission available on sales.
Least empowering place I've ever worked - all decisions go upwards, great if you're Steve Jobs, but not so great for anyone else. Mediocre/poor performers are rarely fired. Incredibly siloed. Executives are so indoctrinated in the Apple way of doing things that they're not open to new approaches.
Advancement Opportunities, Management Support and Reviews
No career path (engineering) Salary is not competitive Long hours
As a newer company, there is less structure, and many aspects of the business are still developing significantly. Compensation also seems to be well below average. Specially in certain markets.
- The company sets goals high, which puts a lot of stress on everyone to perform.  - Customers are generally stupid, demanding, obnoxious, or a combination of all three. This is probably also true everywhere else in retail though.  - There are always fewer people working than are needed for the store to run smoothly.  - Senior managers are apparently under very little oversight (other than performance based), and can pretty much do whatever they want.  - Managers goals come from the land of make believe.  - Constant pressure from customers, management, other employees, the company, etc.  - Most Geniuses burn out after 3 months to a year, and the ones that stay on after that are either exceptionally talented, or are burned out husks that just like the salary and benefits.  - Wild variations in pay for the same job, apparently arbitrarily decided by management.  - You will come to have a crushing apathy for all things Apple. You won't want to touch your computer when you get home. When your friends ask you for help with their computers, you will throw up in your mouth a little.
None. It's a very nice place.
Serious Reality Deficit. Disfunctional internal workings for just about everything everything. The company is so concerned about outward impressions that it's impact on internal function is detrimental. No clear (or unclear) development paths within the company. A highly clique oriented / playing politics type company.
- long hours - not flexible with schedule
Even though the company talks about work/life balance, there often isn't any.
There are too many micro-managers
Large company, felt some disconnect from management
Sales Position is always hard to do
- Communication from Top to Bottom is sometimes lacking (however management knows this and is taking steps to resolve it) - The place is surprisingly "mechanical" - lots of processes and procedures. Like they say, consistency is critical.
Rude and loud customers who get what hey want for being rude and loud. working retail hours, weekends and evenings. Only know your work schedule, one week in advance. Management almost recognizes when you do a good job but is very quick to give you negative feedback when they feel you're not. Almost no room for advancement.
terrible schedule Managers overpaid, underperform Very busy stores, overwhelming Recognition hard to get. challenging work is not compensated fairly from employee to employee. Large disparities evolve in pay between members of the same team. Lots of corporate rules and metrics you are expected to meet. Security cameras keep close watch on staff, not customers.
If you work in the Retail division, then there are the same potential issues with management that you can come across at any retail store. Apple is very selective in whom they hire, however some members of management can slip through and demonstrate a complete lack of HR management and in some cases, a lack of knowledge of the product. The retail stores are constantly high pressure (not because of commission sales, since no one is on commission) with many, many customers looking to purchase, have servicing done and engaging in training. All of this is done under the same roof and many times each area can come into conflict with the other areas (training customers complain of noise from the sales floor, Genius Bar customers complain of lack of space at bar and Specialists (sales people) standing around not helping them with tech related issues). If you work for corporate however, these problems don't exist.
sometimes we, as mac geniuses are overworked and underpaid, except this happens nearly all the time, altho when signing up for the job "you are expected to work longer than needed without extra numeration". i can except this to a point but when one of your co workers who started the job 3 months before you and even after gets a few thousand £s more than you it really burns you up inside. some management never follow thru with requests, and apparently after speaking to hr, "you have to keep chasing them up". speaking to people who have worked in the US stores, there is a big difference in the way things are done, there is a divide between retail staff and other apple staff, something which isnt present in the US where everybody is apple. the lies you are fed during recruiting about career progression and paths you can take, its a retail environment you can only really move sideways in the store.
Some Customers have bad breath which makes it difficult to speak to them closely. Sometimes during busy periods, it is difficult to request time off (ie. summer before back to school and the holidays). Employee Purchases, for new take at least a month and have to be made online to receive Employee discount on products.
The benefits offered part-time staff are pretty minimal compared to other places I have worked.
Beware - there is no career development at Apple Retail. Vague statements like "the company is expanding rapidly - there are so many opportunities" and "you have to make your own positions" are used to stave off any criticism. This is particularly bad for "Mac Geniuses" because their role is technical in a retail environment there is no where else to go. Also, people performing exactly the same job earn different amounts. Because pay is considered confidential, if you raise this with a manager you potentially face disciplinary action for discussing your salary!
They are riding on the name of Apple in California. They have a poor support system locally and this in turn makes you look bad to customers. The managers only think of themselves in terms of time and financial reward - the comission is low if you are selling and they expect you to give up your life.  No-one really knew what was happening with senior management, and they were extremely underhanded.  Mkae sure you know what position you are going in to and ensure your job description is specific.
The need-to-know basis of our product planning and development can be a challenge when trying to develop long term plans related to products managed by other groups. However, with good relationships you can over come this issue.
The pay is awful compared to other companies. That is probably the biggest. Also there are no formal career development opportunities e.g. courses, MBAs etc that you might get at other places.
To much control from the system. If an employee does a mistake, only one, he will be fired
Social life.. it's hard to leave apple
Management is extremely secretive, even internally, and it's only becoming more so. That said, I can see why looking at the marketplace. Apple's operating in a new world, and we can't just talk about what we're working on any more.  Internal resource allocation is very stingy, it's hard to have enough equipment to work properly on multiple releases & test system-level things that sometimes require a 2nd machine of similar specs.  Work level tends to go in a roller-coaster, with long crunches before releases, but that's typical for the industry, really. Overall project management seems to be declining in recent years, which is rather worrisome.  I've been frustrated by some general communication problems in my department and difficulties making time for professional growth at the company, but it's something I could probably get past if I took more initiative in the matter.  We are REALLY overcrowded and getting more so. Many people are doubled up in offices, the on-campus cafe is overloaded every day at lunchtime, and the new campus shows no signs of coming along.
You know nothing or very little about what's coming up, and they will consciously let you run in the wall instead of telling you. Be prepared to enter in religion : the way we are organized (!) is so unique that, to some extent, what you learn at Apple is hardly applicable elsewhere. And, yes, we do have a tendency to be fascinated by our products...
Horrible Pay Rates - 2-3 percent salary increases, no cost of living raises, incentives, or bonuses
Well, there is long hours and little chance of promotion. They really don't like my ideas sometimes. I really don't like to be called "stupid" by managment. I'd prefer they just say they have a difference of opinion instead.
- onderdruk gezet in tijd van ziekte
La jalousie des personnes lorsqu'on leur parle de notre travail
Weinig flexibel met roostering en verwachten volledige beschikbaarheid van het personeel. Ook bij deeltijd.
Soms wat lange shifts maarja..
Salaire tiré vers le bas Vous êtes recrutez sur un poste différents de votre profil
Man darf nur nicht geräuschempfindlich sein , kann mal laut werden in den Stores
Stress, Zeitdruck, stressige Kunden, schwierige Kunden, Druck
- teilweise eintönige Arbeit - teilweise arrogante Einstellungen einiger Manager
- trop de monde - les equipe ne sont pas mixées avec les autres nationalités et c’est dommage
Kantine war viel zu teur.
Des lacunes dans la résolution de problème. On y est formé sur le tas et trouver la réponse à une question technique est souvent une aventure. Mais c'est également un avantage puisqu'on nous pousse à chercher la réponse et à se nourrir davantage de réflexion.
Ambiance de travaille stressante Horaires de travail inflexibles, variables et hasardeuses. Mauvais suivi des employés Conditions de moins en moins bonnes au fil du temps Aucune reconnaissance Aucune possibilité d’avancement pour les bons employés Aucune reconnaissance des compétences Hypocrisie, mensonges de la part de l’équipe de gestion Très mauvaise gestion des ressources humaines (voir totalement inutile) Travail sous pression Évaluation des employés par des indicateurs de performances Aucun respect pour la vie personnelle des employés
Niveau global dans le retail qui se dégrade de plus en plus.
Faible reconnaissance du travail apporté.
Très mauvaise direction, ambiance variante selon les magasins, peu d’évènements, hiérarchie à l’américaine mais exercée à la française, pas de négociation de salaire, peu de perspectives d’evolution...
Stress bei viel Betrieb an A Standorten
Sehr viele Kunden und damit Stress
Heel slecht management ik vind er niks aan
Salaire bas pour ce qu’on produit
Faible remuneration quant au rendement, dialogue de sourds et incompétence de la hiérarchie. Une ambiance de bahut de lycée sur une cadence de restaurant Mc Donald's.
Management à la française et les managers trop misogyne qui ne suivent pas le process Apple.
Entretien tres long, duree de 3 semaines
Manque de Possibilités d’evolution. Pas beaucoup de possibilités
Pas d'inconvénient particulier a signaler
keine die mir jetz einfallen
Strategie managerial propre à la Belgique décevante ( nouveau marché peut être) en contradiction avec les valeurs et la philosophie propres à Apple. Coeur brisé Ce qui ne semble pas être le cas si j'avais évolué chez Apple dans un pays different.
Trop de mondes! Vraiment! De plus, on ne peut pas vraiment évoluer chez Inc à partir du rétail, même si on a les compétences (étudiant par exemple)
Schichtarbeit, Arbeit kann schnell eintönig werden, kaum Chancen auf höhere Positionen (v.a. Management) außer man nimmt Standort-Wechsel in Kauf
Pas beaucoup d'inconvénients, beaucoup plus d'avantages.
Aucun inconvenient pour être honnête
None that i can think of
Alles sehr Anonym Hohe Fluktuation bei den Mitarbeitern.
moins pourquoi devoir ok là
Les horaires de centre commerciaux , la pression perpétuelle exercée par la clientèle individualiste et centrée sur elle même. APPLE offre la posssibilite à toutes personnes d’évoluer sans restriction ce qui dans certains cas vous fait évoluer dans un panier de crabe.
Impossible d'avancer dans la compagnie, pour atteindre un poste supérieur si on ne s'entend pas bien avec l'équipe de gestion. Il y a beaucoup de favoritisme.
Je pense que à part les horaires aucun
redelijk Amerikaanse overenthousiaste cultuur, eentonig,
si tu rentre comme specialiste tres peu de chance de passer manager, ils sont tres fermee.
Manchmal sehr einzigartige Kunden (so wie überall)
Horaire variable. Travail le weekend.
Position qui prend beaucoup d'énergie.
beaucoup de client a la sortie de nouveau produit
Weinig doorgroei mogelijkheden en niet altijd het Apple gevoel.
Peu de week-end Rythme intense
Einarbeitung neuer Mitarbeiter da die Fluktration sehr hoch ist. Arbeitszeiten Wochenende
Beaucoup de clients pendant les évènements
Mir fällt einfach nix ein
Grote organisatie daardoor soms loge lange procedures Weinig doorgroeimogelijkheden in NL (door relatief klein team in NL)
Les salaires sont assez faibles
Aucun inconvénient à mentionner ici
Je ne peux raisonnablement pas recommander de travailler dans un Apple Store. Il y a surement pire dans le monde du retail mais ces boutiques sont infernale.  sous effectif, chaos, manque de communication, travail fatigant, toujours debout. Les salaires sont médiocres et pas de prime, si sur les ventes..  - Management horrible et incompétent. - Gestion du personnel plus que de douteux. - Mensonge et non respect des réglementations et droits du travail. - Possibilité d'évolutions étroite et instable. - Dépression du personnel et burnout - Problème de payement, irrégularité du payement. - Pas d'augmentation de salaire.
Assez peu de respect pour ses employés
Aucun inconvénient , rien à redire
Rythme soutenu, horaires variables... il faut aimer la vente! :)
Te veel verschillende collega's en weinig vrijheid
- Management unehrlich -Gehirnwäsche -Ständige Beobachtung -Lieber sinnloses Feedback als kein Feedback -Hierarchie wie im Absolutismus  -Aufstieg ? Sei froh wenn du deine Position behalten kannst -Vetternwirtschaft -Der eine fährt Wochen in Urlaub, wird gelobt...der andere 2 Tage krank,gefeuert -Betriebsrat mit Bundespräsident gleichzusetzen, repräsentative Funktion -Manager erklären Dir 30 Mal das selbe, machen es selber falsch und jeder Manager hat so seine persönliche Lösung -guter Manager Kulanz, böser Manager lehnt alles ab und Kunde wird nach Haus geschickt -Bei Kündigung wird man herausgeworfen, Karte eingezogen aber man darf immerhin das T-shirt behalten so lange man verspricht das apple Logo herauszuschneiden -Mitarbeiter die keine Ahnung haben dich aber trotzdem belehren wollen, siehe Feedback -Dein Privatleben wird offengelegt , was sind deine Passions ? -Man sollte alle 300 kennen, am besten auch privat mit Position und Passions
Viel Stress und Druck, Hohe Fluktuation
Arbeitszeiten sind teilweise schlecht, Arbeit kann schnell langweilig werden
- aucune considération sur les horaires, aucun moyen d'avoir de patern d'horaire. - aucune possibilité d'avancement dans le retail. - middle mangement ruine l'expérience apple.
Arbeiten am Samstag so gut wie Pflicht für Teilzeitkräfte
Amerikanische Philosophie bei Weiterentwicklung der eigenen Mitarbeiter
Kein negativer Aspekt bei dem großartigen Job.
Wenig Aufstiegschancen, straffe Konzern Struktur (verhindert nicht selten unkomplizierte Lösungen), schlechtes Management auf unterer Ebene (Stores)
- Statt das bestehenden Mitarbeitern die Möglichkeit geboten wird aufzusteigen, werden neue rekrutiert. - Vollzeit Stelle im Verkauf ist fast unmöglich
Erfordet sehr viel Erfahrung im Voraus
Affluence en magasin vraiment difficile à gérer par moment Perspectives d'evolution très limitées Salaire lamentable
-Flächen zu Peak-times sehr laut, dass man Kunden teils sehr schlecht bis gar nicht versteht -Zu wenig Advisor in bestimmen Abteilungen
PRIX, je pense que les salarié Apple touchant plus que les autres marque mais pas forcement, cela dépend de vos compétences.
gestion du mécontentement client stressante parfois
Work-life-Balance, politics, unflexibeles Arbeitszeitmodell, unzureichende Mitarbeiterentwicklung, interne Systeme und Prozesse, Zu viel Arbeit für zu wenige Kollegen, kein Company sports Programm, wenig im Office services für Mitarbeiter, keine Unternehmensfahrräder, wenig innovative Arbeitsplatzgestaltung
- Nagenoeg geen carrieremogelijkheden binnen mijn functie
Weinig doorgroei mogelijkheden Alles is vastgelegd Weinig feedback
Métier pouvant être fatiguant, fait appel à beaucoup de ressources de concentration pour apporter la meilleure solution.
Car allowance +/- 700€ brut mensuel Zone de déplacements inadaptés Entreprise peu généreuse dans les moyens mis à disposition pour atteindre les objectifs Management inadapté au marché français Ambiance de travail entre collègue (culture de la pomme poussée à outrance), manque d’humilité.... Mise à disposition de produits obsolètes pour représenter la marque (iPhone 6s), MacBook PRo 2012 via le reconditionnement
Aucun inconvénient, politiquement correcte, et acceptable
Oftmals sind im Retail Bereich die Arbeitszeiten unvorteilhaft
Eigenlijk helemaal niks is geabolitionistoon perfect
Je cherche encore ! Tout n'est pas parfait mais cela dépend de personnes en particulier et ne s'applique pas au global
Etre capable de travailler dans le stress Reagir rapidement
- Salaire reste minime quand on commence. - Le système est très indirecte pour faire remonté un avis ou feedback. - Ne conviens pas au mentalité trop française (système qui efface la hiérarchie très américain, ce n'est pas un avantage ni un inconvénient)
jusqu'à present je n'ai pas encore trouver de réelle inconvenient
Autonomie parfois un peu restreinte dans les prises de décisions
pas de représentation en Afrique
site isolé lorsqu'on travaille en irlande
Häufige Umstrukturierungen in den letzten Jahren
Il faut être ouvert aux changements et être flexible. Tout va très vite. Avoir une bonne résistance physique et mentale.
- Arbeitszeiten werden länger im voraus geplant (Änderungen sind aber meistens noch möglich)
Aucun. Sauf pour ceux qui ne pensent pas être capables de toujours se remettre en cause pour progresser.
Kaum Aufstiegsmöglichkeiten, Management gibt sich authentisch nutzt aber Integrität der Mitarbeiter aus, Mitarbeiter werden psychisch auf einen Nenner gebracht gleichzeitig wird aber Individualität gepredigt. Vieles ist sehr unecht und verlogen.
... mais très grosse pression continuelle et horaires de fou.
Stressiges Umfeld Druck durch ständige Bewertungen der Kunden und Manager
Die Arbeitszeiten sind viel zu lange im Voraus geplant (kurzfristige Änderungen kaum möglich). Das Arbeitsumfeld ist extrem hektisch.
Le quotidien du métier de manager n'est pas forcément très ludique. Le métier s'oriente vers de l'opérationnel pure et ne développe pas systématiquement les talents ou les forces des managers.
Gemiddeld salaris, hoge werkdruk en inconsistent rooster. Weinig doorgroei mogelijkheden, minder dan op het eerste gezicht lijkt. Weinig flexible met betrekking tot het rooster.
-viel Missgunst und Konkurrenz -Vorteile oft nur wenn man gut mit den Managern ist -Manager oft sehr fern am geschehen und mit wenig Ahnung, geben trotzdem Bewertungen ab -Managern fehlt Fingerspitzengefühl sowohl bei Kunden als auch im Team -Beförderung wird nicht von der Arbeit sondern von einzelnen Gesprächen abhängig gemacht -leichte Abfälligkeit Migranten Gegenüber bemerkbar
salaire, peu d'evolution interne, management, stress
tres stressant tres long probleme avec les employes
Doorgroeien gaat moeilijker dan gezegd
Il faut savoir gérer l'ambiguïté dans tout les sens du mot, les priorités peuvent changer à tout moment et il faut savoir si adapter
Horaires irréguliers, salaires bas et part time
Fortes Inégalités salariales homme/femmes, gestion des ressources humaine à la tête du client
Denunziation wird als Beförderungsleiter benutzt Gehalt ist okay Teilweise stressige Kunden Arbeit kann monoton sein
Des façons de manager à revoir Une organisation très (trop) flexible qui ne se fixe pas donc difficile de prévoir des sorties ou autres
Er zijn geen enkele minpunten aanwezig, jullie doen het perfect. Lekker zo door blijven gaan.
Nichts was Apple wirklich beeinflussen kann.
Le travail peut être exténuant et il y une rigidité dans la forme de comment les employés doivent se comporter.
- sehr anstrengend (mental) - zeitintensiv (pünktlich Feierabend nur bedingt möglich) - seltene Wertschätzung der erbrachten Leistungen - sehr wenig Samstags frei (Retail eben)
Inconvénients normaux de la vente, parfois les journées peuvent être trop longues ou trop plates.
Stressant, peu d'ambiance et surtout des patrons très exigeants. Il Ya aussi le fait qu'on travaille 7j/7j avec un repos de 30 mn tout les jours.
Environnement stimulant qui requiert une forte concentration dans les heures de fortes afflurences
Peu d'autonomie, on ne connait pas les résultats donc difficile de piloter
Apple store d'opera, beaucoup de travail et manque de communication clair de la part de la direction
Sehr gut kompetent und professionell
Journées parfois physiquement intenses. Pression psychologique forte du fait du contact direct et constant avec des clients mécontents. Une culture du chiffre omniprésente.
Pas trouvé à date.
peu de possibilité d evoluer
Immer bei der Arbeit und nie im Feierabend
Schlechte Kommunikation, Vorgesetzte / Abteilungen teilweise nicht greifbar, viele leere Versprechungen, Irrsinnige Verhaltensregeln
Nouveaux produits parfois déconnectés des besoins client.
Man muss flexibel sein und auf verschiedene Kunden eingehen können.
Une hiérarchie bloquante. Système par acoquinage pour evoluer.
Communication pas terrible Vie personnelle compliquée à gérer à cause des plannings Évolution très compliquée voire impossible Offres du CE moyennes
Il est possible de tomber sur des clients qui ne sont pas sympathiques et donc qui nous font passer une mauvaise journée.
Le salaire et les evolution lentes. Certains employees nocifs. Un turn over important et donc des nouveaux employé qui ne reste pas.
Se trata de una empresa de Retail y las condiciones son, aun siendo de las más altas, las que son en este sector.
Education is not important Need to be endorsed by manager to be able to apply to another position
Un boulot fatiguant, avec des horaires toujours variables, impossible de prévoir à l'avance des projets persos en dehors du boulot... Très difficile de garder une bonne hygiène de vie. La cadence de travail est infernale. Victime de son succès, Apple a de plus en plus de client... On nous demande de servir le client de plus en plus vite tout en nous mettant la pression sur la qualité du service... Par l'image de marque les clients sont très exigeants. Comment assurer un service de qualité quand il n'y a pas assez d'employés par rapport au flux client ? On fait du bétail.
Lange Urlaubsvorplanung, Schichttausch oft schwierig
schlechtes Store-Management, dass keine Weiterentwicklung zulässt
-manchmal stressig -flexible Arbeitszeiten sind manchmal nicht so flexibel
Les produits sont trop beau et ça donne envie de les acheter mais on ne peut pas toujours se le permettre
pas d'iphone gratuit snif on peut toujours rêver
Il n'existe pas vraiment d'inconvénient au sein de l'entreprise, l'ambience et les conditions de travail sont excellentes. Après, cela dépend de la personne et du caractère.
Zu Peak-Zeit wie Samstag mit Stress verbunden.
Il faut savoir détendre l'atmosphère lorsque le client n'est pas content de la batterie de l'iPhone et qu'il dit haut et fort que le concurrent fait mieux !!! 😬
Management useless, formations useless, il faut se former seul Communication d'entreprise opaque Changement de poste possible au sein du departement selon les besoins du business
Persönliches Weiterkommen hängt oft vom Goodwill einzelner Führungskräfte ab, Führungskräfte häufig wenig strategisch geschult, heute so morgen so, viele Mitarbeiter haben sich gemütlich eingerichtet und behindern Veränderungen, gemocht werden ist wichtiger als Leistung, niedrige Gehälter mit wenig Steigerungsmöglichkeiten
Slechte kantoor omstandigheden in de retail organisatie. Slechte voorzieningen. Harde niet vrij werk mentaliteit. Veel beloftes gemaakt, nooit nagekomen. Management dat vooral met zichzelf bezig is en niet met doorgroei van personeel onder hun. Veel influx van buitenaf, weinig doorgroei intern. Salaris is heel slecht.
Apparement difficile d'évoluer au sein de l'entreprise et le niveau de salaires ne correspond pas l'exigence de l'entreprise. Beaucoup de gens ont la même impression, c'est dommage que cela ne soit pas coller avec l'image et la culture de l'entreprise.
Toujours plus, toujours plus, et quasiment pas d'encouragement en matière de rémunération si ce n'est le minimum légal
Salaire. Évolution Corporate. Gestion HR (service paie)
rigidité du management, salaires assez peu élevés dans le retail, travail stressant et fatigant, peu d'opportunités de faire carrière dans le retail
Dafür dass Apple das wertvollste Unternehmen der Welt ist bezahlen sie leider nicht so viel im Einstiegsbereich.
Salaire trop bas Aucune prime alors qu'Apple est une entreprise richissime Participation et intéressement dérisoire Investissement personnel trop important, rien en retour: juste des promesses
Ze zijn heel erg gefocust op presteren. Als je niet goed genoeg bent, word je waarschijnlijk überhaupt niet aangenomen of ontslagen
Aucun le service et l'ambiance est vraiment irréprochable juste un petit bémol sur l'anglais obligatoire et nous exigerons plus de réductions sur les produits
pas autorisés à s'asseoir, pas le droit d'aller à la salle de bains, très bas salaire, changeant des heures à la dernière minute, les missions toujours pendant les vacances, le harcèlement par les gestionnaires de faible qualité, les hommes sont autorisés à paresser mais les femmes doivent toujours travailler ou ils sont suspects. Très démoralisant.
Keine präzisen Aufgabenstellungen Sehr Zeitmanagement frei Neue Erfahrungen Man lernt mehr
Ab und zu sind unsere Preise ein wenig zu hoch , aber irgendwie muss man ja Geld verdienen und auf den Markt Konkurrenz fähig sein
Le salaire n'est pas soumis à une prime sur objectif. À l'époque, aucune formation n'était assuré pour ce nouveau poste créé.
Sehr stringente Prozesse, wenig individuelle Entfaltungsmöglichkeiten
Beaucoup de pression Management au chiffre
Mas tinha muitas pessoas descompromissadas e sem o que fazer , foi espetacular mais tinha esse porém como todos trabalhos isso e normal
pas d'embauche , pas de perspective de travail
Je n'en trouve aucuns. Cette entreprise et vraiment bien, il on un très bon accueil. Leur site Web et très bien organisé.
Gehalt zu niedrig für Vollzeit. Management und Führungsabteilung manchmal sehr abgehoben. Sehr sehr laut im Verkaufsraum. Kaum und wenige pausen, wenn dann nur kurz mal auf die Toilette
Peu d'opportunités d'évolution lorsque l'on atteint un certain palier. Très peu voir pas de passerelle avec le corporate et le retail. Dommage de se priver d'un tel vivier de talent.
Ne vois pas vraiment les perspectives d'évolution au sein du groupe. Les managers promouvaient le fait de vendre les produits sans commission au vendeur, afin de mieux servir les clients, mais aucun changement sur les fiches de paie => commission directement dans les poches de la marque.
Je travail à temps pleins pour un salaire qui n'est pas énorme, certe mon poste n'est pas le plus actif qu'il existe mais bon..
le stress, et la mauvaise entente avec les autres. Certaines personnes cherchent absolument à pourrir l'ambiance
Les inconvénients de tous les métiers dans le retail : contraintes horaires, travail le weekend et certains jours fériés.
Intensité de la gestion du temps, influx intensif de clientèle qui n'est pas toujours égale au personnel disponible, gestion de conflits fréquent.
Je n'en trouve pas tout est positif jusqu'à présent patron compréhensif équipe de travail super accueillant l'ambiance de travail est parfaite
Schlechtes Gehalt, kaum sonstige Vergütungen wie Urlaubs- oder Weihnachtsgeld. Schlechte Arbeitszeiten und extrem hoher Stresslevel der keinesfalls mit dem gezahlten Gehalt gerechtfertigt werden kann
Salaires minables Aucune perspective d'évolution Management mauvais Vendent du rêve pour rien Démotivation au bout de 6 mois 1ère entreprise mondiale très décevante
Regelungen und Arbeitsweisen aus den USA die in Deutschland nicht üblich sind Hohe Geheimhaltungspflicht auch gegenüber den Mitarbeitern
Pas de prime ni treizième mois, entreprise encore beaucoup trop jeune en France
une évolution longue et compliquée dans un management à la française.
versprochenen/geforderten Work/Life-Balance ist kaum möglich (wie im Einzelhandel leider üblich) Job ist oft sehr stressig, das liegt vornehmlich an den (meiner Meinung nach) zu hohen Erwartungen der Kunden.  Vor allem in der Anfangszeit hoher Fokus auf die Leitlinien des Unternehmens  Umständliches System für Karrieremöglichkeiten / Gehaltserhöhung
Man wird auch nach der Arbeit von allen möglichen Leuten zu seiner Arbeit vollgequasselt. Die Entwicklung hängt stark vom eigenen Manager ab.
