- Very entrepreneurial culture: There is no formal "Facebook" way of doing things so work environment can be too unstructured at times - Open floor plan can be distracting
- If you don't learn to make the work life balance work for you, it can be exhausting. But you'll also be given lots of support with this if you ask for it. - It doesn't matter how good you are at your job, chances are you're going to be surrounded by a ton of other people who are just as good if not better. Imposter syndrome is real, but if you got an offer, you probably belong here too.
Like any tech company, the work is big and complicated so work/life balance can suffer from time to time. The difference is that it's the passion within the individuals that drives them to work long hours and forego time off. Of course there can be times when schedule demands force the imbalance, but it's not such that 10-12 hours days become commonplace and expected regardless. We do what we do to get the job done, no one is killing themselves because there's an order to do so.  Being able to eat to your hearts/stomachs content can be dangerous to the waistline, but that's a self-control thing and not the company's issue.
Particularly as of late, Facebook has been subject to a lot of negative press. While some of it may be deserved, a lot of it feels sensationalist. So employees have to develop a thick skin and resilience to a lot of this scrutiny and ensure that we are focused on the long-term, not just the short-term.  But perhaps the primary area of improvement is that people are driven and work hard - which sometimes comes at the expense of the work/life balance that we all try to achieve.
Took a year and a half to learn to play defense on my work life balance, there's a spectrum of teams, and while some offer fantastic balance, others just don't. (The lesson was that they let you pick your own team, and that's something you can select for.)
It’s just awful inside FB and no one seems to be talking about it. The company is full of self-inflicted wounds and senior leadership (Mark, Sheryl) live in an absolute impenetrable bubble of privilege and cluelessness. Performance review process is painful and horribly biased and downright unprofessional. The company values intellect over being decent people and that’s led to the place being riddled with smart jerks. Senior management continuously surprised when employees vocally call out their callousness and ineptitude. It’s painful to watch and painful to work there.
Nothing that really comes to mind
No work life balance  Unrealistic recruiting expectations  Burnt out employees who are constantly stressed out  Poor office morale  Lack of respect for Management  No career advancement opportunities unless you move to CA headquarters.
I was about to write that we use Outlook, and not Gsuite, as the only con at Facebook. But just today Mark announced that we are going to enable Gsuite. Yay! So now, there are zero cons to working at Facebook.
Too many political debates inside the company.
Some of the goals may be ambiguous. This leaves room for you to determine your own career trajectory & how to accomplish your goals which is a positive but I, personally, find that a bit difficult as there is not one clear path to success to follow.
•&nbsp,Contractors are expected to act like full time employees in every facet of the job EXCEPT the benefits •&nbsp,Some managers could use management training to better handle sensitive information like peer reviews •&nbsp,People forget they work with each other, and forget to treat one another with respect on shuttles
The company is struggling with mismanaged employee growth and rapid, negative changes in the company's culture.  - Internal politics have drastically increased. There is a growing focus on optics vs. impact, which is incompatible with a culture that operates under "Focus on Impact." - I found it difficult to express the company's values such as Be Bold and Be Open in a couple of organizations, because leaders who were external hires brought in a hierarchy, a "CYA" culture, and a combination of empire building and swim lanes. - The culture in some organization is toxic – people feel unsafe voicing their opinions and being their authentic selves. - Many teams find themselves blinded by metrics, still doing good work but missing the greater opportunities by ignoring clear paradoxes between metrics and customer experience. - Internal transfer policies can be restrictive due to restrictions around leveling and performance. I know at least three people who left the company who wanted to move to a role that better suited them, but could not because they weren't meeting expectations in their current role (that didn't suit them).
A lot of external focus and criticism
- Imposter syndrome (but this is not a company faulted thing, it's just the fact that we work amongst some of the smartest and most talented people in the world)
There is heavy traffic due to our growth, which adds to commute time
The performance review cycle relies on management to fight for their ICs.
High expectations so working hard is essential to succeed.
I can't think of any.
- monotonous work - workplace politics are immense - you're never told why you'd doing what you need to do - company hates conservative voices
You’ll be surrounded by untrained managers who depend on anonymous feedback, an inability to look beyond what seems apparent, resistance to change, and a willingness to ignore issues that are disruptive and/or harmful to the public in order to further a narrative that the compamy is “good for the world” (one of the company’s PR and marketing campaigns).
- Attract too much attention on news recently
- The product is not technology - its the users. And the "users of the product" are advertisers. - Improving product quality is extremely low pri for an engineer - There is -ve EV if one wants to make a good product - but there is high EV for doing cheap hacks to force feed a product to users and show growth.
I have not experienced any con
Managing work life balance can be a challenge if you don't set clear boundries
-getting really big so hard to navigate
Zero concern for actual professional work environments. Constant personal and work life blending: Result feels like a forced exposure which may or may not align with your core values. Protected class employees and potential employees valued over non-protected classes uniformly in terms of skills/experience and relevance.
What work-life balance? Long, punishing hours are a given and employees are more than willing to put in that extra effort to keep afloat. Burnouts are common as a result. Also. The medical insurance offered by Aetna covers a whole lot except prenatal genetic testing for women under 35. I’m 33, newly pregnant (just over 10 weeks) and my OB-GYN suggested I go in for an NIPT. The exorbitant cost will have to be borne by me because I missed Aetna’s mark by just 2 years!
With 2.1 billion + users comes immense responsibility that it seems the management team was not fully unprepared to handle (see: Russian election meddling, fake/misleading news, Rohinga genocide in Myanmar, data breaches left and right, etc.). It's really tough to be reactively responding to issues of such mammoth import. That said, there's concerted, coordinated effort here to right the ship and get out ahead of these issues in the present and the future.
1) the job I got is not the job I thought I was getting:   As an engineer, with engineer in the title, and over 10 years of experience, I really thought I would get to do more engineering. Unfortunately, the job is really about 50% business analyst and 20% project management, and 30% engineering. You are expected to own every aspect of your project, regardless if anyone else actually does. Also, you're told you have the opportunity to choose the team you want to be on, but for me, that choice was removed at the last minute.  2) bad management, bad leadership - all managers are expected to be individual contributors which is basically another way of saying that they aren't particularly good at either, and do not have time to devote to both roles. Also, be prepared for mansplaining.  3) more money than sense: gobs and gobs of money are being thrown around. there's basically an offsite every other week. Nevermind about work, deadlines, or being competent, it's more important to go glassblowing. The pay is nice, in fact, its the best feature about the place.  4) the company that wants to connect the world would rather loose talent than have remote workers. no, seriously. say you're on a team, and your team decides to move to another office thats like 1 hour away. you are kicked off the team and put on another team. what sense does that make? new mom wants to wfh? not allowed.  Seriously, it's called skype, people.  5) and speaking of teams, the team structure is completely whack. instead of having a core group of people I work with on many projects, I have a different group of people I work with on each project. a completely different set of swe, pm, ds, and de for each project. This completely limits our ability to grow more efficient with each project, let alone build any sort of a professional relationship.  6) you're not allowed to fix things that are legit broken. I've only been here a short time and have already had to suffer fools who prefer poorly designed metrics with political bs to actually measuring things properly. bug 1 told not to fix it - too big to fail, bug 2, never got fixed by other team, bug 3, too high profile to fix. seriously? why not just admit all your metrics are wrong?  7) people care more about performance reviews than actual performance. no really, if I hear the phrase make "an impact" I will vom. What this really means is not "do good and useful work" which is how it might be interpreted, instead it means that you should very little on the very high profile projects, and then post it everywhere, to make sure people NOTICE. Also, keep a log of your work so that you can share it with your absentee manager come review time - otherwise, he (yeah I said he) likely will have no idea what you worked on or why. But, instead of this being a meaningful signal, it just becomes more noise.
- bad work life balance (lots of young people who don’t have a life outside of office) - competetive culture - politics among management, everyone is concerned about their own growth - stressful and unfair performance review (very subjective and dependent on manager) - monotonous work with limited challenges (focus is mainly on shipping fast rather than doing good quality or deep work) - inexperienced leadership
Growing pains Leadership constantly shifting directions
Culture “if you don’t feel like you’re going to be fired then you’re not doing your job”! Admins not respected, hours of overtime, spend 80% of the day getting conference rooms.
Easy to get distracted during work
I believe we can do better at the compensation and benefits. Especially thinking about the living-cost around the neighborhood.
High volume Manual tracking
if you need a lot of structure, you're going to need to build it yourself.
- Accelerated hiring causes growing pains - Lack of focus on collaboration causes work to be done in silos
High pressure at times, feels like a 24/7 job.
Extreme cronyism Company allows discrimination Managers allowed to sabatoge reports with impunity No integrity as a company unless badmouthed in press Lots of negative competition/non-team players
- Not diverse - Sometimes working on our internal FB can get distracting (posts, events, etc) - Contract vs. FTE is extremely different. You are treated with much more respect as a FTE
Building the platforms that enable communities is difficult to get right.
It's a big company, takes a long time to figure out teams/systems.
Sometimes it can feel like you're moving a million miles a minute, which can be overwhelming, but no one is ever set up for failure and the level of support is fantastic.
none really. But the traffic is really bad.
- politics and back channeling - competitiveness and lack of collaboration - relationships hold more value than quality work  Facebook the company is like the platform: everyone acts like everything is great, but no one acknowledges or exposes what’s really going on under the surface. People act like it’s all sunshine and roses, but because there’s such a “focus on impact” and performance, it’s actually a competitive environment where people are out for themselves and scrambling for whatever projects will give them the most visibility—at Facebook, visibility > impact > high performance ratings > bonus multipliers + equity refreshers.  As a result, people you know and being an influencer matter more than the quality of your work. Likes are the real currency and even though you’re told to “be your authentic self”, one type of person benefits most: those who are extroverted, don’t rock the boat, and are oftentimes male.  While the actual benefits and perks are great, don’t be fooled by the glamour of it all: they’re also designed to keep you there and keep you working. You’ll be taken care of, but the focus on impact and performance makes it’s easy to forget to take care of yourself. There’s an undercurrent of anxiety in the culture that is very real and not often acknowledged.  Facebook is a great company for those just starting out their career. If you’re a seasoned professional, I suggest staying away. It doesn’t matter how much experience or expertise you have—I spent most of my time proving to people half my age that I knew what I was doing.  Time and again, my suggestions would be ignored or edited to the point that they were no longer my ideas. Time and again, leadership would be shown those watered down ideas and say, “Nope!” Time and again, when I’d go back to my original recommendation, leadership would say, “That’s the one!” After awhile, it was finally time for me to say, “I’m tired of (and better than) this.”
Frequent changes in work flow process and org structure. Lack of established KPIs on my team cause many to operate inefficiently in silos.
*Lots of things to fix: we don't just read about the problems on the news like everyone else, we also are responsible for fixing them. *People here are (surprisingly?) optimistic, driven, and passionate, every week there is a new set of social issues that people want the company to tackle
Some teams do not have a lot of processes in place recruiting-wise so if you work on one team and transition to another, you will likely need to re-learn a new way of doing some things... but if you can adapt to change, it won't be an issue for you.
management has lost its touch with reports. Community Operations Engineering, Business Operations Engineering, and Developer Support Engineering are all very stingy with things such as business travel, team paid off-sites, team paid equipment. Obsessed with eliminating bugs.
The media has latched on and won’t let go easily. We move so fast, sometimes we miss big things. We’re solving for things that have never before even been considered.
If your a contract conversion, expect a bad conversion salary
I worked at the Instagram ads feed ads solution team as software engineer, why selected this team was because what they did was more related to my previous experience.  Turn out what you are capable of is not an important thing.  Do not know about other teams at Facebook, this is definitely worst experience of my life.  The manager is very picky, micromanaging, very unprofessional. The way he used to manage is the threat and provoke people's fear. I did see how they can encourage and motivate others.  It is a sort of office politics and chaos regard to the code, document and the procedure.
Move fast culture can sometimes mean no incentives to clean up tech debt
We have some of the hardest technical and human challenges (bad actors who want to abuse our platform) a company could face so it's not for the faint of heart.
Bay Area traffic to MPK sucks. Tough year for FB.
Company is growing at a rapid rate. Would definitely want to watch out for changes with this growth.
Unclear what the conversion to full time process is, how long it takes.
External scrutiny of Facebook can be distracting, but for those taking the long term view, this is a challenge the company will resolve.
Still a start-up culture which has many pros but getting things done takes networking
work life balance is not as great, but seems okay compared to amazon
Non that i can think of at this moment
Higher expectation for engineers than most major companies, meaning you need to work more or be better engineer to stay Affirmation action anecdotally in place, company not tolerate conservative voice enough than it present itself to be
You will have to put up with incompetent management and underperform after demoralizing performance review cycles.  Having Facebook on your resume is no longer a plus actually can work against you.
Facebook moves at an incredibly fast pace. Personally this is what I love about it and what has provided me with learning and growth opportunities, but it is not for everyone.
—Moves incredibly fast and can be stressful
Strong pressure to perform. Not necessarily a bad thing.
Commute is not ideal. Company getting bigger is a challenge but Facebook has fully embraced taking it on.
Open floor plan is not for everyone, hard to concentrate
I haven't found a single one yet :)
Growing really fast, commute, wish I could work from home more.
Achieving the Facebook mission demands a lot from all of us. It's important that you manage your work and life.
high turnover in management management will make you pay for giving them bad reviews management is not trained to do their job and will cause talent to leave fb has no interest in fixing this
Only downside I've seen so far, is that the company moves really fast...sometimes too fast!
- Still a large company, if you prefer smaller ones - Some teams have poor work life balance
Flooded with middle managers who are opportunistic and entitled. Lots of well paid people in these roles who work 10:30-3 and who’s contributions are unclear.  Admins must pretty much ignore company values and opportunities that were sold to them- little to no chance for growth outside the role. You will stare into and rage at Outlook until your soul dies.  Leadership’s idealism doesn’t well work in-practice.
Work/life balance can be challenging. People respect getting your work done on your own time, but given the complexity of the work itself it's not a place for people who want to coast (which can also be seen as a pro). Open culture means people think they can say whatever they want - which is great, but can also at times disrupt people from focusing on their jobs and trusting each other.
Hiring very quickly so lots of new faces
Despite what they say at the onboarding, or the all hands, or the company wide emails, upper management is not interested in hearing opposing views. Once you're branded as not being supportive of the collective group thought, your career path will be stunted. Tenure and support for the upper management team is weighted more heavily than individual skills. Your performance review will be mostly based on what others think of you rather than any projects you delivered. If your political skills aren't sharp you'll be collateral damage within your first year.
- Work life balance is terrible. Everyone in my team works outside regular hours, night and weekends. No one will explicitly say that you have to do this but given the competitive culture, you pretty much put in extra hours. - my particular business unit has toxic culture and high turnover among managers. (CO) - Some managers are promoted from IC and do not know how to lead teams - Great place for singles but not best fit for those with family duties
I had to think really hard to find any, which is a great thing. Honestly, just that I feel conflicted about the good social media can play in people's lives. But the company is making strides towards wellbeing, like notifying users of time spent in-app and showing them a message when they're "up to date" with today's content so they don't mindlessly scroll.
Researchers can struggle to find a voice at the company. At times as a researcher you are overloaded with work, at other times struggle to find anything to do. Researchers need to be better integrated into the company. Work is also too fast for those that want to get meaningful work done in research.
Moving too fast in some areas.
Some (but not many) of the old timers will pull rank on you, which goes against all the propaganda stated in the company, and this is more true for the ones in the central Menlo Park office.
Competition is fierce to get a job
At Every step, have to learn by yourself. Everything is mostly self service. So its hard if you not good with technology.
- Overcrowded campus - Work-life balance in some engineering teams
The only cons are that there aren't more remote working opportunities and no onsite childcare.
Non have crossed my mind.
Company grows too fast in terms of head count.
No work/life balance Managers push people into projects that they are not interested.
No work life balance. Have to work in weekend and night.
Fast pace is really fast and the company is growing very quickly. The need to continuously grow yourself and to scale yourself is very high.
Workload on the higher side.
- workload can be havy at times
No cons found yet for the company
Work Life balance- You are hiring the best of the best. You have to make yourself available for candidate contact if you want to hit goal Talent Camp doesn't prepare you for the real role.
No complaints or cons with FB
While challenge can be great, it can be tiring but i feel recognized and satisfied by the impact I am having here.
You wont be able to like any other place
It's become a big company so it's increasingly difficult to move fast.
- High pressure - Can be long hours
Like at any company, it all depends who you report to. Some managers are better than others and some employee are better suited to work with certain managers.
If you are a minority management will isolate you. Facebook pretends to care and provides training to 'fix' minority attitude. As a non-minority I find this disgraceful. Facebook does not value diverse views and tries to 'manage out' non-conformists.
One of the reasons Facebook is in this sticky privacy situation is the complacency at the top. For many years, management has denied its social responsibility to moderate the content that appears, claiming to be an unbiased 'platform'. They ignore years of 3rd party studies that show that they are creating echo chambers.  Even after getting "Exceeds Expectations" cycle after cycle, I found it difficult to influence the top-down decisions. A group of engineers & analysts may prove a huge opportunity in developing a feature, with data and all, but if it's not the direction coming from the top, then it's unlikely to get resourced. They don't always put in the effort to discuss the pros & cons of these strategies.
Your experience largely depends on the team. After three years thats the biggest decider of experience
IT organization and technology is lagging and not leading for sourcing and Procurement compared to other companies. Bias in salary, performance and RSU awards for people of color.
- High volume and very busy depending on location and building - Base comp not as competitive as other large Silicon Valley companies - No flex time or remote work, must be at Helpdesk all day. 8-5pm or 9-6pm shifts.
None, None, None, None, None
Nothing I can think of
I sincerely can't think of anything. I wish the real estate weren't so expensive on the Peninsula.
warning: stay away if you are a senior engineer. inexperienced management will drive you nuts. just another google clone.
The agency style environment you’ve cultivated will surely push some of the best people here out. Sometimes it feels that your job is just chasing metrics. Definitely feel misled from the recruitment process.
Internal systems are less than desirable. Some departments need more doers, less management. Lots of overlap acrosss business units causing inefficiencies and confusion.
Work/life balance isn't good. The company factors in work outside of the 9-5 (your hack projects) which factors into your performance reviews. If you're young and single, it's great! But if you're middle-aged and have a young family, performing at the highest level is a bit hard to balance when family duties call.
- The company is growing so fast, it's hard to scale at this pace
It’s so good that it would be hard to work anywhere else. I’m destroyed for life. If it’s your first job I would feel bad because this is NOT a true view of the working world. If you’re humble enough to appreciate that then you should be ok. I believe people can develop a degree of entitlement and hubris in this environment. You can run into folks like that, but the majority of others are great.
Time management can be very difficult, there is a LOT going on.
Work hard play hard, you have to spend more time studying and working then lots of other places. Peer pressure is also high
The company moves fast and embraces change and it can be hard to keep up with so much going on and things feeling like they change at the speed of light. It can feel chaotic, but work life balance is still possible and encouraged!
Needs to continue to work towards a more diverse workforce.
Very Unprofessional Management Team. Run Away.
Some managers are better than others
Work/Life Balance is a challenge because those around you are passionate about what they do and they'll continue to work even after hours. Communication is constant and if your work does not keep up with your obsessed peers then you will fall behind.
Moving towards a "BIG" company culture.
- Very fast paced environment - Everyone has to act as the leader of their project, not a good fit if you like someone to tell you what you should do.
not none I can think of
It’s so big it’s easy to feel like a small fish in a big pond.
Lots of education about bias - but the system to prevent it, doesn't work.
Sometimes because things move so fast and growth is happening exponentially, communications haven't been always trickled down with the best strategy in regards to getting everyone relevant in the loop before changes roll out.
It's gotten too big. Starting to feel the size of the company and questioning the impact I can directly make.
Large company with typical bureaucratic idiosyncrasies
Working hard- not a slow pace
Too be honest, can’t find to many cons to the company.
None that are major - work is good
Nothing much. Specific to the 12-week summer internship program, you need 2-3 weeks to get used to the Facebook culture, codebase, and the project you are working on. You need to finish bulk of the task within the 10th week. That leaves you with roughly 7 weeks to complete your project -- which sometimes may become stressful...
Because the company has been expanding so much in Menlo Park, the traffic is horrible. Also, it is hard to get promoted even though there are many lateral moves.
very strict ed with no area to erreo
FB is not means to an end
Things change quickly and that creates instability on teams and roles
- Facebook purposefully hires very smart and ambitious individuals. Even when there's no pressure from the manager to work long hours, you often see people working long hours, which in return puts more pressure on you. - There are no incentives to stay in the company for longer than 4 years. Once you vest all your RSUs, refreshers you get for good performance look very unattractive. It's more and more common for people to leave FB after 4 years, and come back a year later to re-negotiate their RSUs. - You are being "punished" with certain benefits if both spouses work for Facebook. A good example is baby cash which you get per family, not per employee. - Commute in the Bay area is terrible. - It's getting very very crowded in MPK. Facilities are definitely not keeping up with recruiting.
Sometimes I've seen people fail who need a lot of direction, it's almost autonomous to a fault.
Normally growing pains of a rapidly expanding company. Nothing too substantial that would be worth noting as a con. I'm very lucky where I love my work, team, and office.
- Depending on the team you join, work life balance can be less than adequate. This is flexible however. If you seek help, you'll get it. I think its somewhat imbued within the facebook culture to work as hard as possible to make as much impact as possible. It's really up to you to communicate WLB issues, if it exists, to your team and manager to make it work for you. I don't think people here are generally working hard to outcompete one another. It's just that everyone is super intelligent and are hard workers in general before they joined facebook.
Work life balance can be a struggle at times - it is up to the individual to prioritize.
Work-life balance quite a challenge
* Very intense, leaving you with little time to reflect and be thoughtful * Fast growth leading to diluted culture
Work Life integration, not work/life balance.
Work-life balance can be challenging when you want to perform well and exceed expectations
Cube life can get distracting and noisy Sometimes there's just too much to do
No cons really, the position is competitive
What took me two years to understand is that this company is run like a criminal gang. They do not value technical expertise as much as loyalty and subordination. This is a brutal world (remember: criminal gang!) where people are punished frequently for unrelated reason and for no reason whatsoever, and always kept under pressure, sense of fear and uncertainty.  The most disgusting thing is lies. Management lies through their teeth, about everything! They create alternate reality, to justify everything they do.  They do stack ranking: 15-18% is targeted not to meet their expectations) - they lie that they do not do that. Compared to Amazon which targets 5%, this is horrible.  At lower levels (IC3-IC4) they have up-or-out: either you get promoted or you get fired. IC5 level is considered (which is a lie) to be "very very senior leadership". When you look at the distribution, more than a half of engineers are IC5+. Given the fact that IC4s are expected to perform consistently at IC5 level in order to be promoted (so they are effectively IC5's), we get a whopping 85% employees being "senior leadership" - it's disgustingly evil. It results in the most toxic work environment I have ever experienced in my career.  Facebook operates in a "burn-out mode": they hire fresh meat, squeeze every drop of juice out of them by overworking, then fire them when they are exhausted. Their model of employment is not sustainable by definition (and is implemented via stack ranking, as well as other tools).  Employees are held at a constant state of stress. I've seen employees crying in the office, in front of management.  Management mastered an art of vague flip-flopping: no consistency, no responsibility whatsoever.  Top management supports this authoritarian criminal pyramid: nobody got fired as a result of recent scandals of data leaks, top VPs were only moved around. Scandal was covered with lies.  The hyped-up parental leave is only a PR stunt and a lie: for taking it one gets performance review downgraded.  Endless semi-mandatory hackathons to further drain your energy. Oh, there is also a measure of counting "thanks" you got during last half a year. If you don't get enough thanks, that's an excuse to downgrade your performance. I say "excuse", because there is a huge leeway for a manager to justify any rating at PSC. All performance manager's feedback is vague and non-actionable.  Very few people take vacations, due to peer pressure and fear.  Everybody whom I talked to were stressed and unsure if they would be employed in 6 months.  I wonder where they manage to hire such a low-integrity people. Especially HR: they are the kind of people who just wait for their despot to come to power when they gladly start sending people to Gulags. There is nothing humane about these atrocious individuals.  Facebook lies about supporting freedom of speech. In fact, internally you can get easily fired over saying something quite benign. People complain a LOT to management and HR - for minute reasons. A lot of tell-tales for which they occasionally fire without explanations.  Finally, Facebook's business practices are quite questionable at best.  Among ICs they foster the culture of subordination, impostor syndrome. I guess this makes sense, because this is the only way to cope with Dunning Krueger management.
Terrible management that can easily hold you hostage by the great wages & equity. If you took away the equity, management would not be able to act in the way they do to employees.
My commute is about 30-minutes without traffic, and I wish stocks were distributed equally - without Recruiters our awesome SWE would be hired at the rate we're hiring. And, french toast Friday should be everyday :)
commute, growing pains, lack of goals process
- The environment is hyper-competitive because everybody is really good and motivated. No room for the slightest slack. - A lot of employees seem to be taking the perks and culture for granted, which is not a good trend.
Food selection is limited in the Cambridge office, but it's still great (and free).
Hard to find another employer that can top Facebook's benefits and pleasures. Hard to be promoted. You cannot apply for roles that are a higher IC-level than you currently are.
too short time to think and solve the problem
The company shifts gears often - I don't necessarily find this to be a con personally, but if you are looking at Facebook as a potential employer and you don't work well in that kind of environment it could be a con for you.
No cons I can think of
Disorganization. Part of the challenge is that Facebook is really difficult to comprehend in its entirety and you need to try.
Very Disorganized , Leadership needs someone with business skills to help run the division.
-diversity hires that arent remotely qualified to do the work -Over 1,000 recruiters, most are not that good, lowering the bar to hit big numbers -Internal agency like environment, lots of backstabbing over candidates -Mgmt doesnt lead, they micromanage numbers and do not promote a team environment -
Very few good product people with good product intuition. Company relies on metrics and user research far more than they should. Everybody says they value long term work but don’t have the courage to do it. Nobody has taste — and it’s reflected in the awful Frank Gehry buildings.
I have no particular cons to share
there is no downsides in facebook
The relatively flat org structure can create ambiguity with respect to career progression, but high performers are rewarded.
Crazy fast, lack of focus
No office in San Francisco
Can’t think of any, when you love what you do and where you work.
Very competitive environment PHP :-)
Too many internal tools for development
Fear of underperforming and some struggle maintaining work/life balance.
- imposter syndrome is somewhat real, but if you got an offer, you probably belong here too...
Fear of growing to quickly and how it will change Facebook’s current culture
No offices, so finding a conference room can be a pain when looking for privacy.
Long Bay Area commute time
I do not have any cons at this time
Large tech stack to learn that is still Facebook specific in many cases even though much has been open sourced. More outdated documentation exists than I would like.
It’s move fast and break things culture can sometimes be chaotic.
can be overworked here and there
The press hates us and users don't trust us.
The hiring process is very strange as they hire people without knowing what team they'll be on, allowing for an opportunity to be placed on a team that's not a great fit, and then being stuck in it and not being able to move around until at least a year in. HR seems most concerned about protecting the company rather than really listening to employees and their concerns. There is a lot of turnover lately...I had 4 managers in about a 9 month span, which leads to really confusing situations. They also keep bad managers in their positions, even if there have been multiple concerns raised about them from a whole team. The values the company promotes are great in theory, but I don't see them in practice.
N/A - it's a great place to work!
Don’t work for bizapps.its worst team in Facebook. Leaders are not competent and upto date with new technology. Too much of show off to pretend we are best.
Being an admin, we can only be promoted if our director was to be promoted to VP level. I am optimistic that this will change.
-Commute to Menlo Park can be hefty for some. -Since we are a large company who is growing even larger in the next few years, there are some growing pains as we scale.
Lots of work, but worth it
Toxic environment. Managers are not trained, and they just get promoted just because they are women, are diverse, or know some higher up in the company. To work with such toxic managers, you have to kiss someone's behind if not they will find a way to knock you out. So everyone middle management and below is kissing someone's behind. Brown nosing is the norm. You can clearly see 50% of them are do-ers, carrying the whole workload of everyone and 50% rise up top just because of they schmooze their way to the top. I joined pre-IPO and now this company is bloated and the environment is toxic. You'll end up falling sick regularly because of all the toxicity around you.
Can't think of any cons
Rent around the company HQ is super high.
I do not find anything that does not satisfy me so far.
-Toxic environment of micromanagement, run like an agency (although it makes sense given the size of the org). -Numbers-obsessed in contrast to being data-driven. -Unrealistic expectations. -Absolute no work/life balance, come in with the expectation of working on the shuttle, after dinner, or even on the weekends. -Information/resource overload. -Mgmt has no empathy or positive reinforcement, trying to cover their tracks and make sure their team is hitting their numbers. They are mostly overseers than coaches. If you're not hitting your number, they'll exploit that, push you to do so, or push you out.
NA NA NA NA NA
Scandals with the US government
Over the past year I have seen the culture deteriorate due to unrealistic expectations in performance and competitive team mates who are primarily focus on their individual impact at the expense of collaborative impact. Quality in work is deemed as critical (which is good) but there is a "I want it done yesterday" mantra which is burning out some of the best researchers.
- I did not find any con so far.
Brand recognition sometimes gets in the way of all the good we're doing. We have to move past the noise and see the greater/bigger picture. The media likes to sensationalize things, and that's not always easy to read/see. At the end of the day, FB is doing good. I strongly believe this.
Things move so fast that sometimes you don't have time to question decisions or flawed processes.
Over emphasized sales org, product sells itself. Needed to value other pillars more than they were
- commute from the city (SF to Menlo Park) - crowded workplace
High pressure and relatively bad work life balance. But most of people may not care that much since the pay is good enough. Also as the company grows, you start seeing some toxic colleagues here and there. In terms of benefits, I am wondering when will we have 401k matching to the up limit($9000).
FB expects a lot out of engineers, and you can't slack off. Of course, you shouldn't slack off at any job, but since FB is pretty fast-paced, there is a risk that you'll have trouble adjusting at first.  FB has a lot of custom infrastructure and tools, and prehaps more impressively, it works great. It makes doing your job really great, but on the other hand, you'll end up learning a lot of stuff that won't be applicable elsewhere.  FB's code-base is very good in some ways, but in other ways, it's not as great as some of the existing engineers think it is. I don't think this is that big of a deal, but the important part is that as an engineer, you need to quickly learn FB's values and practices and "get with the program" so to speak. If you don't like some things, then you just have to deal with it, as it's not likely you're going to change people's minds at this point. The nice thing is that things are at least very consistent.
Facebook is very big and stable company, as its work life balance is better than startups, its potential is limited given its 20k employees and 500B stock valuation.
I am 52 years old and was looked upon as to old to do my job effectively by senior managment very few employees company wide aged 50 or more.
The recruiting team here is over 1000+ people and going up. Like someone else mentioned, the quality of hires for the recruiting team is worsening. The R4R team is so desperate to hit their goal that the bar is low and it shows. There are many new inexperienced recruiters that we just wish would or COULD do their basic, functional job.  The role of a sourcer and recruiter is becoming smaller and smaller. And although leadership insists they care, every action they take suggests they do not. It is hard to constantly be reminded that you are merely just another number to be replaced asap.  Be prepared to work long, long hours. There isn't such a thing as "work/life" balance as most in recruiting will work into the night and weekends. The goals and expectations are extremely high so you're constantly competing with a whole org of overachievers. Realistically, this means it'll be tough to even achieve a "Meets All" rating during the review cycle as everyone is overachieving, thereby changing that already high goal.
Unless you live by the office, then you have to commute. The shuttles are nice, but working from home is not encouraged or very effective.
The company is too big now
parking can get tough since there are so many employees.
Bad planning by management means facilities like office and parking space aren’t able to keep up with hiring. Blameless post-mortem culture means no one is held accountable for management’s failure in this and other matters.
They force you to work hard...its a pro and a con
If you're rather new to the industry, you can struggle. Sometimes moving too fast at an early stage won't be good for your overall development throughout the years. NO WORK-LIFE BALANCE at all.
some teams still work at weekend.
You might feel like second class citizen if you are not SWE
Can't think of any... it's a very healthy company to be at.
htm php sql all web services database
Too much work pressure and no work life balance for recruiters
Work/ Life balance is very challenging. When your boss pings you, they expect you to respond within few seconds, managers would put you on the spot all the time in order to drive you. Things changed very fast with many re-orgs. The whole working environment is very competitive, not much personal level connection w/ colleagues. Top priority is to get things done fast, morality is low.
Team effectiveness is highly dependent on the managers, some politics (to be expected from an organization of this size)
Very faced pace causes some people to burnout
In the high school arena there's always going to be tuff decision a student will have to make for instance hanging out with the wrong or right crowd, participating in drug use, drinking at parties, cutting class and my job when they approach and share these stories is to guide them them in the right direction even if it's not the popular choice among their peers.
very liberal and entitlement driven culture
Nothing to complain about. I’ve worked in a lot of industries and this company is absolutely amazing. I can’t think of any cons!
The work life balance can be a challenge, but overall Facebook really does care about trying to make this better.
Fast pace means inefficiencies happen a lot You can feel a little lost and small sometimes when you work with so many high-achieving people in every meeting Scale is so fast it is intimidating, and unpredictable how culture might change
Although I love the fast-paced environment, some people might suffer from imposter syndrome. Work-life balance might be an issue for some people.
haven't found one yet, haven't found one yet
- High expectations, hard work, tough if not located in MPK
Impostor syndrome is a real thing. Find your strengths and find them quickly. There are brilliant people all around you, so there is not much use in trying to be excellent everywhere.
Lots of new grads, so it sometimes feels like adult college. I jokingly call their awesome holiday party Facebook prom. Culture is endangered in new offices.
Growing too quickly Teams spread out too thin globally Lack of engineering offices in most locations
- Opportunities to pursue more technical lines of work (building ML models, creating data infra, etc.) are limited by the characteristics of the team you're placed on - A lot of questions/direction coming from upper level management that halts the process of the work you may be more interested in doing (deep dive analyses) for more market-sizing/strategy type work
-As Facebook continues to grow, the role becomes exceedingly more marginalized. They depend less on creativity and more on sheer numbers and output. -The aggressive goals never let up. Don't expect to be genuinely thanked for your hard work. -Your personal development will take a back seat to what you can do for the team. -Transitioning to roles outside of recruiting is difficult and not particularly clear on how that can take place.
Being that we are growing at such a rapid pace, I often read over company info on “scale management” to make sure I’m up to date with how my company is growing.
The tl,dr is Facebook is a big company and its cons reflect that. The company mission and values are incredibly admirable, but have become increasingly difficult to implement as the company has grown.  * You might find yourself working on a project with over a million lines of code, but nobody on your team has written more than 10,000. The need to sit down and figure it out yourself can be pretty stressful in an environment that is pushing you to "make an impact" and be constantly shipping new features. * The few senior engineers (in my org at least) show little interest in mentoring more junior engineers. * Sink or swim mentality among engineers, the mega-teams supporting products in the core app can be brutal and unwelcoming. * Launch decisions are very political - criteria for launching a change is opaque, and feedback from department leads happens far too late in the development process (often in the meeting where a launch decision is being made!). Little has been done to fix these issues despite it being constant feedback for the past year. * Performance reviews put too much emphasis on immediate personal output rather than collaboration and assisting other teams. This causes teams and individuals to focus inwardly. While it's never been malicious, I've seen this behavior directly harm other team's productivity or metrics. * Work/life balance is below average on the day-to-day, but oncalls are truly awful. * Decision-making has become a bit too distributed between orgs and reflects in the overall product.
Work life balance can be challenging - there is always so much to do and it’s easy to forgot when you need to disconnect. You are expected to be self sufficient when you start and pick things up quickly. This can be challenging for some.
Sometimes work life balance is crazy Fast growth means navigating very complex environments with new hires who don’t know how things work yet. That can be frustrating but also rewarding
Founder unsure of the future of the company which makes the majority of the employees who want to stay at face book unsure of the future of the co. It appears that to co is trying some new concepts to hold on to current followers and grab that next group of new followers. Most of the followers are 40+ which is tough for Founder to grasp - but its a reality.
Impostor syndrome is a real thing. Find your strengths and learn to be vulnerable. There are brilliant people all around you. The good news is they are all willing to help!
I have no cons to list.
Some times you have to overemphasis your impact.
High pressure environment - you need to perform every week, work through holidays, christmass, new year, and weekends.
Facebook is like Bitcoin: people in it ask when you bought in because it's the easiest way to find out how powerful you are without being rude.  I joined within the last year, along with about half of the company. The contrast in the level of success of people who joined N years ago vs N-2 years ago is logarithmic for all values of N. At its current rate, I don't think I can advise anyone to join now, and after I vest, I'm not sure I will stay.  Part of this is that the starting comp isn't very good. The vesting stock is, but the cash is fairly mediocre (less than previous jobs I've had at far less profitable companies), and vesting accelerates over time. This nets to you being paid much more than before, year over year.  The much greater share of it is that opportunities scaling in the same pyramid-growth path means that anyone thinking of joining today can't expect any of the same trajectory that available 2 years ago, and maybe even 1 year ago.
- Super intimidating working with such smart people (its also a pro!)
Lots of pressure your beginning year.
Lack of thoughtful and constructive communication, a young, millennium type environment that won't think outside of the box and ask the "why" questions.
Facebook is hugely committed to transparency and authentic identity. So if you value separating your personal life and work life, don't want to share your personal feelings with coworkers or hear about theirs (or offer emotional support), or don't like to share with other people in the broader company what you're working on, it may be a bad fit for you. Likewise, if you prefer to be directed by leadership rather than establishing your own direction autonomously, Facebook might be a bad fit for you. Finally, Facebook's primary Menlo Park campus is located in the middle of nowhere with very little else around - you eat and get all your services on campus, with the nearest downtown a 15 min drive away. If you prefer to be in an urban center, you should either consider a different location, or a different company.
Remote offices need constant connection with Headquarters in California
Work life balance is tough. Can have some busy weeks due to the "move fast" culture. Plus you have a lot of ownership which brings with it some stress.  The offices are crowded due to how fast we are growing. They are building a few new huge buildings but until those finish things are quite cramped, and the work place can get loud.  Also not enough space in the gyms because of the general overcrowding on campus.
No process Different teams follow different development patterns
nothing is wrong here it is good
I have yet to find any cons.
Forget about work/life balance. In fact, forget about work/sleep balance. Management does nothing to deal with the problem.  Horrible working conditions. Wide and extremally noisy open spaces (impossible to concentrate), tiny desks, lines in restrooms, unavailable meeting rooms. I do most of my meaningful work from home. Management refuses to acknowledge the problem and praises facilities, so no chance of this being fixed.  A strong political bias coming all the way from the top that pollutes working climate.
Limited conference/meeting rooms, number of reorgs/changes to business operations, large number of visitors/guests on campus
Most offices are cold, don’t know why but it’s annoying to have to wear a jacket in the middle of the summer
People do work harder than at some other tech companies. Commuting in the Bay isn't overly fun.
No large cons that come to mind.
need to take an initiative activity and mindset to drive other people and motivate subordinate staffs. self starter highly needed
Imposter syndrome is real, but if you got an offer, you probably belong here too.
It doesn't matter how hard working you're you are going to be surrounded with a lot of other people who are just as good as you're
Wish the office were dog-friendly, but that's about it.
Work-life balance is a bit tricky as they make it convincing to stay at on campus with all the free food.
Facebook mission clear, execution direction from Leadership down is a miss. Too vacuumed and work on 6-month review beats, so a lot of man/woman for themselves.
Much of the internal mythology about the company's culture isn't really true anymore, now that the company has grown to more than 20K employees. It's still a great place to work, but because the reality doesn't match the speeches it often leaves people feeling betrayed and disillusioned when FB turns out to just be a large tech company.
You need to be careful about work-life balance.
Middle Management in my role doesn't really get it sometimes. They aren't technical enough to be managing technical analysts.  Work-Life Balance can be a struggle and isn't as good at other companies like LinkedIn/Microsoft/Google.
WLB may not be the best depending on what team to are on. Rapid hiring creates office space problem in MPK. New building opening up next year will reduce the problem.
They have very high requirements here. Impostor syndrome can be definitely an issue if you don't get with the program quickly.
Starting to get fairly bureaucratic, even in 2015. Can't imagine now but I've heard it has only gotten worse.
Very high expectations. You need to be a bit of a 3-in-1 printer to do good (not just a dev but also a tester and pm and designer and data eng and data scientist). A bit of politics to define goals. Growing bigger is tough on culture.
low raise rate after yearly performance review
Highly performance-focused, which can lead to burnout if you aren't careful
One thing I noticed was the first person to 'post' an idea ultimately gets credit for the idea, even if they didn't originate it. Makes it hard to discuss ideas or work collaboratively without fear that your ideas will get stolen. I guess it's part of moving fast and breaking things. Also, propaganda posters decorate all the buildings. They're there for inspiration but it felt more like cultish brainwashing. My opinions could be because I was older than about 92% or the population at Menlo Park which skews toward college grads and under 30s. For a veteran of the industry, some of the soft and sentimental "stories" sometimes ring false. Some people simply want to go to work and do a job without having to make it a life changing experience.
Employees are younger, generally speaking, than Google, so there's fewer super well-known people.
not that i can think of realy so not.
One thing has underwhelmed me and that is that management isn't as available as I wish it would be. For instance, I would have loved the opportunity to meet and learn from higher-ups and more experienced people more often but am unable to find time on their calendars (Still trying though).
Using Facebook (the app) will never be the same
- emphasis on Menlo Park office, remote and international workers are at a disadvantage
Sometimes the problem set can be a bit narrow because of the target platform.
Compared to most places, there are no real cons to speak of
Sporadic Empathy (out-argued by a first-pass data analysis), Lack of Consistent Training.
It's really expensive to live around here, and the traffic sucks, so if you want to work in the heart of things in Menlo Park you have to contend with that. And it can be pretty intense, but that's mostly because there really is so much to do, and you will want to go do it!
The pace is fast and furious. Onboarding process re: tools available and how to access could be beefed up a bit, but would need to be on a department level to be of significant value.
There are so many smart people here and you should be willing to self improve yourself constantly. Otherwise, you'll be burned out really fast. You should also be comfortable with taking constructive feedbacks even though they may be delivered to you in a rather aggressive manner.
I think the greatest con is that HQ is in Menlo Park - living in the surrounding areas is so so expensive and pretty boring if you are young and single or used to city life. Otherwise, you can move to SF which means you end up with a crazy commute.
Oncalls can kill your sleep during your oncall shift if things are noisy overnight  There's a little bit of an "always on-the-grid" culture which contributes towards the 4/5 work/life balance, but it's generally not too hard to fight it. Most people who work a lot end up doing it because they're passionate about their work, anyway.
This may be limited to my team or my area of the company, but I believe there is an underlying "me, me, me" culture at FB. There is a constant need to make your work visible so that others know what you're doing and so that whoever has a similar idea doesn't take the shine before you do.  Separately, everyone wants to do knock-out work, and at times are secretive about the things that they're working on so that they can have that "holy crap" moment when they finally finish and reveal the results of their work. This can result in wasted resources and time since multiple people/small groups coule be working on the same thing without knowing it. Not sure what the solution is, but this at times takes away from collaborative work. I identify it as a con, but I've quickly found myself doing the same thing, and that's just because it's an underlying, unspoken culture at the company.
None I can think of at this time
Difficult to have good time management
Monoculture. Most employees are young fresh out of college grads. A lot of people move on to different tech companies within 2 -3 years. I'm not sure why there's so much turnover when compensation and perks are good.
Big teams, more process in place
As the company has grown, the functions have become siloed with less autonomy on decision making.
lack of transparency, big egos
A lot of work at the job
Nothing to complain about though.
overbearing culture, poor work life balance, hard to escape.
Encountered lots of nasty things. Toxic environment, racism, favoritism, etc. Overall not nearly as bad as Uber, but once you are a certain size and you've been there long enough you'll encounter these things.  Talked to a bunch of people before I left and management issues (incompetency) were very widespread, as fb favors internal promotions over outside hires.
Traffic & Parking is very tight/limited on the main campus in Menlo Park
Parking is rough due to growth but manageable Diversity isn't there yet but improving
I have no cons. Only pros!
Imposter syndrome is common. Goals are lofty.
Company is starting to become more and more bureaucratic as it grows.
No Cons. No Cons. No Cons.
Some people who have been at Facebook for a while seem to lose perspective about how lucky they are to work at a company like Facebook.
Too many memes for my liking
super busy but rewarding to all
Can't think of any cons. May be make more products. More social sessions.
If you have worked in the industry for a while, it's hard to transition to FB culture. The culture infra teams try really hard to hold your hand, but there is so much they can do.
- Commute from SF to Menlo Park is far, but the shuttles are really nice and comfortable - Teams can be spread out across different offices, which means potential trips to those offices, but also means team culture may vary across offices
The performance review process is very political with no set guidelines for evaluation. If you get along well with your boss and people generally like you, you'll do great. That said, it is very easy for a manager or a co-worker to tank you anonymously and with little evidence.
Rather limited room for career growth after becoming senior.
Since I'm straight out of college and have only been at the company around a year, I don't feel any problems with the work/life balance. Maybe down the line when I have a wife and kids, but Facebook is pretty cognizant that maintaining W/L balance is a really big thing in the valley.
meeting intensive culture, politics, changing priorities
- If you are a non-engineer then prepare yourself on how to work with them because they rule Facebook and they get paid much much higher. - If you are in to top down management person then you have to let go of that and learn the bottoms up style.
- Hidden stack ranking. Everybody has to go through half year reviews. Good luck with your manager and your work! Nobody cares what exactly you did or how you did. They look at metrics and your impact, which is a BS term for making people work hard. It's not a product driven company. - It's a metrics driven company. You have to compete with recent grads. If you think you can actually make an impact, you're delusional. You're there to oblige your manager. That's it. Metrics, metrics, metrics. If you're behind in metrics, then shame on you! You let down your manager, your team and entire company. It's not any different than what it used to be at IBM or Yahoo and what actually killed those companies.
- The bar has significantly dropped in recruiting. Because of the hyper growth Facebook is going through they've been forced to hire inexperienced recruiters and also rejects who weren't able to hack it in other top tech companies & start-ups. It used to mean a lot to be a full time recruiter at Facebook. Now it feels like they're giving an offer to anyone with a pulse. Inexperienced recruiters or bad ones can attribute to poor candidate experience and headaches for other recruiters.  - Performance Reviews many times aren't a true reflection of individual performance. It's a problem that many companies have and Facebook is one of them.  - The company has become so corporate. It's like you're just another number and the impact you're making is insignificant.  - Work Life Balance is terrible. In order to be successful here you'll need to work well over 50 hours per week.
long commute and long hours
- you are replaceable
We're really starting to not hire only rockstars.
If you need a lot of structure, you wont find it here. This can be a con for some, a pro for others.
* Work life balance isn't the best.
- Growing pains, trying to get newer folks to buy in to the culture - Big company problems, every misstep is picked up, blown up and a whole bunch of well meaning people vilified - Distractions
You need to love what you're doing here because it moves FAST.
Heard of a completely different environment from friends/ex employees on other teams.
You’re in charge of your work life balance. You have to learn to ignore those around you that consider Facebook life.
Massive growth has slightly slowed down the ability to get things done as quickly as we were once able to.
They are really no cons. The jobs now are more tech or engineering. Allowing more jobs that bring in a variety of people will do you guys justice.
Is hard to imagine another company to work at. This forces you to put a lot of trust in Facebook. We don't have a ton of great examples of companies caring for someone through their career so it's a bit like walking into the unknown.
The product is ever evolving, and people are always generating insights, so it can be overwhelming. Consolidation of features or design elements are also challenging as new things are constantly being built.
You end up spending a lot of time working (without noticing!)
some people find it difficult to utilize applications because there are so many to choose from. there are so many applications for social, and business accounts that make choosing the right one difficult for certain parties to utilize. seeking the right advise for a social page, or business account is only a few clicks away.
Very competitive environment, can be stressful. Parking is a constant problem. Open offices make it harder to focus.
The company is growing quickly and a challenge will be to maintain the great culture.
Company getting big, so things don't scale as much.
Commute on 101 isn't great
Not all managers are competent/helpful. Open office workspaces are loud and crowded
A lot of ambition and high expectations from leadership
Horrible commute, but the shuttles are nice.
- Things change very quickly, new features, new technologies - No bull atmosphere takes getting used to - A busy, moderately competitive atmosphere doesn't suit everyone. (I say moderately competitive, because it isn't politically competitive, but there is a need to show the value you add to the company).
I find work-life balance depends on the specific team. I personally worked at a team that is at very fast peace, so it is hard for interns to keep pace unless you work overtime.
none, it was an amazing experience.
- Hard to think of cons - One area may be investing in developing more people management skills for people managers.
Poor work-life balance, intense pressure in certain teams.
*Managing "up" might not be everyone's cup of tea. Need to be independent and think for oneself, can't expect anyone to simply tell one what to do.
I am 6 months in, and except for a few weekends I spent doing extra work, I can't think of any other con.
You get little used to all the perks.
- Work-life balance can be challenging
I don't see any cons here.
-company is growing exponentially at a rate thats not slowing down
Did not see any yet.
your work becomes too specialized
After being with Facebook for some time, the not-so pretty things come to light. They have very aggressive rules for tenure, where you are expected to be promoted or asked to leave the company. Performance reviews at Facebook feel like they are pushing a one-size-fits all model, where they literally represent you as a post-it note on a whiteboard for managers to place on a bell curve against your fellow employees according to how they feel you performed.
Work-life balance can be a challenge. Also sometimes hard to not feel overshadowed if you're not a SWE. Overall though it's awesome.
As the company continues to grow, more layers of of hierarchy are being introduced (albeit unavoidable), and as a result, it's tougher to interact with the leadership
I am stuck at this level, men are provided with more opportunities, strategy is an opportunity for lazy people to hide behind and do nothing.
The location is a bit isolated and the commute is grueling. The surrounding areas are so ridiculously expensive that it makes living nearby almost impossible, even on a generous salary.
Reviews cause an unhealthy amount of anxiety among employees, sink or swim environment. Managers are expected to be in this role because they like people management and there is no additional comp for this role nor does the amount of time spent managing or mentoring get reflected in reviews. This creates a situation where there is little incentive to be a great manager and many of them are more focused on their own career growth. Work/life balance on many teams is terrible. There's a lot of lip service about it, but it continues to be a huge problem.
Too much pressure, hard to maintain work-life balance, lots of competition, some politics
Overwhelming Information and communication channels Diversity Workload can be overbearing sometimes Too much travel Parking can be a pain in downtown
The environment rewards and encourages extroversion. Often it's the loudest person in the room who will be heard or recognized.
* expectations are high, so tends to eat into work-life balance * scrutiny is high, so you might get a lot of complaints (both internally and externally) depending on what you work on
Strains on infrastructure and local communities keeps growing as we do.
Some managers are to junior
Normally busy. Inexperienced engineers sometimes lead the project, which causes a mess. People move too fast and break things, which is not good for engineering perspective.
Egoistic managers, management never pays any heed to employee concern. Politics is too much.
Company is trying to retain same culture as we grow and it is becoming harder every year with so much growth. Hopefully it stays same and we will able to grow.
Fast paced and we mean it. Can't slack here.
Can be solitary and hard to grow
It's a long commute for San Franciscans who come down to Menlo Park because we don't have an SF office yet.
I think everything is well
It's not easy though. You don't know who's real or who's fake. And even though you have a lot of access to a lot of people. You have to keep an open eye.
Absolutely nothing so far, granted it hasn't been long.
Overbearing management needs to let engineers be.
Training was done by coworkers. You need to get up to speed immediately! Job was very demanding with a high quota to meet. M-F, Weekends and Holidays Parking was horrible for downtown office location. Or you could take a bus or ride a bike.
I can't think of any right now. It can be a long commute for some. And it is growing really fast, so construction of new buildings can be loud.
- Engineering processes can be chaotic due to the rapid growth of the company.
- Mid-level managers are a hit or miss. I've had 4 different managers in 3 years at Facebook and my experience at work has greatly been dependent on how competent they are. My best manager pushed me and opened doors and was a true advocate for me within the company, whereas my worst manager who was also a first time manager made me feel as if I was working on an island. If you're joining Facebook in a non-tech role you should definitely try your best to get a feel for your future manager. - As the company has hired over 10K+ people over the past 3 years roles and responsibilities are definitely becoming more specialized and opportunities to drive tangible impact are becoming increasingly difficult for people in junior roles - Pay and benefits for people working in international offices are not comparable to working at HQ. For example IVF is offered in the US but not non-US offices.
Not many cons to the company. It is a large company, so I guess the biggest con would be you are not going to know everyone at the company. But with how friendly people are, you will make friends in no time!
Too many people trying to solve the same problems
- Tremendous autonomy: It REALLY is up to you. - Size: Definitely feels big if you are trying to meet new people.
Hard to achieve work life balance
Pace is a killer. The work is complex, as are the discussions about it, I have little fuel in my head to code after work. Big personal desire to keep up to the more efficient engineers. I don't want to pass-a-fault, but want to move-fast, get all the things done. It's exhausting!
- Terrible work life balance - Myopic semiannual performance reviews (straight up Hunger Games) - No vision or direction for products - Competitive and poorly adjusted coworkers (the average engineer is very strange)
Never going to be able to leave!
It's easy to lose track of the 'outside of FB' tech space
Work life balance and pressure to perform is quite high
FB (especially MPK) is expanding very fast. Things get unorganized and chaotic. Communicating with colleagues in international branch offices can be tricky.
Work life balance is hard to manage
None. It is a great company to advance career.
- expanding too quickly so might have scaling problems
Rapid growth can make some projects feel more like racing to a finish line vs. Quality.
Excellence bar is very high, employees work really hard to succeed.
Work life balance can be a challenge Getting promoted can be hard Office is getting really crowded Traffic is really bad to work
Amount of work can be quite high from time to time, and finding/digesting all the information you need for your job can be complicated.
I experienced stagnated growth. Internal mobility was hard, especially for those of us who were high performers.
Compensation is below par for those who have been at the company beyond their vesting period or who have internally transferred
The company is growing quickly and offices are getting crowded.
The main challenge is the Traffic during rush hours!
None really that I can think of. I mean it. Everything I could say as a con really ends up being neutral or positive in one way or another. Manage your time well, find balance in your life, and be a champion of your own career and you will be fine.
Manager's turn over rate is too high. I got 8 different manager in three year. Some area got lots of politics, watch who is the head of that department.  Instagram, Messenger has pretty bad culture at this moment.  Literally no life when you want to get good perf review ratings.
more collaboration between product teams internally
Work/Life balance can be hard
Very few, as long as you diligently maintain your own work-life boundaries.
pay could be better, fairly corporate atmosphere
It's not particularly easy to transfer teams or move up as an entry-level contractor, unless you have the right skills — or happen to meet the right people. There are also restrictions to certain benefits and activities, but it's definitely not a make or break situation.
Long hours, cut throat culture
Pressure to move fast. Work life balance could be better.
This company is very fast-paced. If you are not willing to put in the work and time, you will fall behind. You need to be self-sufficient to be successful here.
-growing too fast for space -a little disorganized sometimes because everyone moves so fast
crowded, some work-life balance issues, not as transparent as expounded.
Hard to be heard as an individual.
Intense environment, highly demanding, but also highly rewarding
Expect more clear career growth path
If you can't deal with ambiguity then you probably shouldn't apply. We move fast, and managers aren't super prescriptive about daily tasks and responsibility. Everyone takes ownership of their own time, which is great, but I imagine some people would struggle with that.
* Some entitled coworkers - lots of younger people whose first job is at the best company in the world
Was easily replaced in poor company decision
Not much. Maybe a little too Silicon Valley.
Things move fast and change a lot. Products can get scrapped very quickly if early evidence shows negative metrics. This can somewhat be discouraging to the people working on it, however, is, many times, understandably a necessity.
Facebook's size means your scope of work may not be as broad as it was at a 5-person startup. However, most days I see that as a positive because we get to masterfully execute our day-to-day and we're growing a lot.
No real cons, great opportunity
There is some feeling of imposter syndrome because most are really really talented, but it only makes you better by being around such talent.
meeting rooms are scarcely available
There is no food on weekends.
company is growing, so there's some growing pains (moving, etc.)
- Work/Life balance could be better.
Ambiguity in roles Struggling to define themselves
1) New York-specific: There's about 15 different engineering teams to choose from, which can be a deal breaker if your heart is already set on a particular team we don't have.
You are measured based on results achieved, not on how hard you try. I think of this as a Pro, but I know a number of people find it to be a Con.
1. Little bit distraction because of so many awesome things around
The office is in menlo park - pretty far from SF
Company has grown a lot. I joined in 2014 when everyone was on one campus. Now there are a lot of buildings.
Work life balance varies widely between teams. some teams PE works with can be filled with divas.
Every engineer, regardless of level, works more independently than most other companies, which can be a challenge for people fresh out of college with no industry experience.
Culture comes first. While we are all encouraged to be our authentic self, if your authentic self is an butt hole, don't bother applying. Sometimes we put feeling ahead of actions as we work through the culture piece. Overall, it is a great way to operate.
- extremely high expectations - stressful - heard stories of many interns crying during the internship
I'm sure there are downsides. But I've been employed here full-time for quite a while and have yet to see any.
traffic jam from / to company
Anything I view as a con can be addressed by discussing with my team or providing feedback.
Working with smart people is a pro and a con. It's easy to stress out about not being the smarted person there. You'll often feel you have to work extra hard to keep up, but thats something you overcome when you realize you wouldn't be there if you aren't qualified.  The area described above often affects work/life balance... because people feel this way they tend to work a lot so then you feel like you do too. After a while you find a good balance, but its easy to fall into the trap of constantly being involved in work.
Facebook. Nonstop. Won't stop.  Work life balance for sure. Luckily, I am young and don't have a family yet, so I can put in however many hours I need per day (est 12-14 hrs) to ensure I stay on top of my work. It's not just me who has this issue, the employees at facebook are nonstop working, so it adds pressure to your workload.
Company has grown a lot feels maybe less tight knit than in old days.
Too much free food? Not really. I don't know, maybe just that it's not a start up anymore, so you won't have the chance to become a multimillionaire quickly.
If you're working in California, the rent and commute aren't great. The East coast offices are where its at.
High standards - not the place to work if you want to just tread water.
Don't really have any. I've heard some people say they would prefer to have an office vs open floor. Well guess what, everyone from Mark down is sitting in the open floor plan, so no one is getting a raw deal. And I love it personally.
15K+ employees across 30+ locations means it's no longer a start-up
Things move quickly. It can be difficult to keep up with the changes. There is always more work to do. Public sentiment of Facebook is not always great. Many people seem to think Facebook is evil, but internally nothing seems further from the truth.
work for many hour, very commiting
Problems that basically persist for most tech companies in the Bay Area like commute sux. Hard to get a good commute, and if you do, then you're probably paying a steep price for it. Shuttles help a lot if you're coming from SF or surrounding cities, but still suck overall.  Generally, prices for housing suck anywhere you live in the Bay Area. If you're already here, then you already know that. If not, then be prepared - it sux.  Diversity is still a problem. Facebook is trying to fix this, and it comes up all the time about what more can be done which is good, but at the end of the day, it's still a problem.
Terrible commute if you can't afford a million dollar apartment in Menlo Park.
growing fast making it hard to maintain the culture
- Work life balance can be challenging at times
Leadership in some areas in lacking. Having so much financial success allows the company to make some bonehead product decisions without major repercussions (this can be very frustrating after a while). Many teams didn't have a strong design voice while I was there. Over-reliance on data in decision making.
Performance-based culture leads to poor work/life balance. Performing at senior engineering levels is very hard. No free time for self-development and/or infrastructure improvement, too much focus on continuous fast moving forward.
Work pressure can creep up sometime. Org changes can happen often. However, this is all part of growing pain.
There is one little *thing*  Some devs came up with a lottery program. Once a year it generates a bunch of random numbers and assigns one to each person in the company. Then of that list of numbers it generated, it randomly selects one. Whoever that number is assigned to is the lottery "winner". The winner is then taken to a private, sound-proof room where they are chained to a wall and then are beaten to death with a tire iron by Mark Zuckerberg while he screams "LOTTERY In June STOCKS BE HEAVY SOON!!! MUHaHAHAHAHA!!!!"
Work-life balance: pressure to move fast + type-A people, jobs best suited for those without families Management is hit or miss - too many external hires Lateral transitions are easy/encouraged, but it's difficult and political to move up in a role.
Management is lacking focus on the teams.
No complaints here. Just wanted a new challenge.
1. the way engineering is prioritized #1 in everything leads to arrogance among engineering directors
As you might imagine, you do run into some entitled, privileged employees. That said, it seems to come with the tech territory. It's certainly also a fast paced environment with ever-shifting deadlines, though I wouldn't consider the work life balance to be much worse than other companies.
too much work but I think this is normal for a big tech company like facebook
Work hours are longer than my previous job (this is not a 9-5 gig), but it's because I care about doing a great job. I think I can work less hours if I didn't give a damn, but I actually care about my work and my mission.
Nothing I can think of right now.
When I first joined one of the things I loved was the internal transparency, there were no "locked doors" and leadership/management was always very open about things going on at the company, but lately it seems like upper management are keeping more and more things confidential without any explanation as to why.
- 401k matching is capped at 50% match up to 7% of base salary - No matching contributions for charitable giving
very very big, beaurocracy creeping in fast.
Ship ship ship ship ship. Open office. Growing super fast. Crowded.
Lot of potential to succeed so putting pressure on yourself and becoming all consumed by moving up up up up.
Contractors are treated like subhumans, not allowed to certain events  Contractors through certain companies have no one acting on their behalf or acting as liaisons between Facebook and the contracting company  Entire teams can and do get laid off with no warning
- Work life balance kinda sucks, really
too many pressure, work all day and night
The company moves FAST -- it can be a little overwhelming when you first start. But lately there have been lots of helpful resources to help get new hires up to speed
Trying to think of something. Lets see... Oh I can see how someone can gain weight very easily! Aside from the free delicious food, employees love bringing in baked goods that they've made at home.
Desire to perform is so high it makes it hard to have work life balance. But being committed to our mission isn't a bad thing.
work-life balance is not as light as other companies like google and microsoft
Parking is limited but lots of ways you can get to work. Benefits are great but there are some that don't compare to Google like 401k isn't as competitive.
distance from headquarters in california
Working in NY will require travel to MPK (headquarters). My travel has averaged about ~20% of my time. NY is still a growing office, so opportunities at senior levels still seem limited.
Fast paced, but enjoyable :)
- The open floor plan can be completely draining (especially for introverts, like myself). - Very unclear career growth. I started as an early career employee and one of the main reasons I left was because I felt like there was really little investment in my professional and personal growth. I found that Facebook really likes employees that will work hard and make them look good, but they don't care about helping you move up to the next level. There was no clear progression. A part of this is the flat organizational structure, which appeals to some but not to all. - Very millennial feeling (I'm a millennial too) and can feel extremely unprofessional at times. No line between personal and professional relationships. Again, this is up to personal choice but it didn't feel great to me all the time. - Cult-like worship of upper management (Mark and Sheryl). They are awesome people to look up to but people are not critical enough of the company all the time. It felt like people were always blind-sided by the flashiness of M-team's messaging. - Facebook hires a lot of contractors to full-time positions (especially in Austin), which can feel irksome. - Since the company has grown so much, they need to stop acting like a startup. - It's easy to do work that isn't actually fulfilling but is necessary to run the company. - Loved the mission and messaging of the company but didn't feel like my work was impactful in any way, which was an unfortunate feeling. - Pay is not that good for entry level/early career business side roles. Engineers make a lot more, unsurprisingly. - This is an engineer-run company, after all. So if you are on the business side, expect to be heavily reliant on engineering resources, which can be extremely draining and frustrating. - Facebook says it's easy to transition between roles and teams but I found that to not be true. That's another reason why I left. It may be easier on the engineering side. Additionally, being a remote office truly limits your networking and career opportunities (even if they tell you otherwise). - I had more managers than I could count in one year. The turnover was way too high and I didn't feel like anyone was invested in me. I wasn't growing and as an early career professional, growth is my top priority. - Facebook is a global company and most of its users are outside of the US. However, the mindset is still extremely American and I frankly found the way in which people talked about users outside of the US to be downright offensive at times. There was no desire to get to deeply understand user behavior and market trends outside of the US. Given how the world economy is trending, Facebook will be in a bad position if employee mindsets don't change. There are companies all over the world (especially in Asia) that are taking over (and have already taken over) the spaces Facebook is trying to break into as of late. - A combination of unclear expectations and high manager turnover led to not-stellar performance reviews for me. - People always said I could work on what interested me and what I was good at but whenever I tried to do so, I was shut down.
Facebook still believes that it is a magical meritocracy reasonably free from corporate nonsense. While there aren't any Office Space-style TPS reports to fill out and you don't have to bring in your own coffee and toilet paper, it is now just a big company job like any other. If you want something, whether it be a promotion or a good dessert from the cafeteria, you have to plan how to get it, execute on the plan, and then make sure everyone else knows what you did and how great it was. You also have to share just enough detail to be convincing but not so much that people can poke holes in your story or usurp your dessert acquisition techniques.  The typical first level line manager at Facebook doesn't have prior management experience, only knows the Facebook way of doing things, and is overwhelmed with all the pressure being placed on them. It's a really hard job, too, your manager will be responsible both for setting the direction of your team and for making sure you and your colleagues grow at the company. Most people are not good at either of those things, let alone both. Be aware of what your manager is looking for and how to best communicate it.  Everything FB does is subject to a lot of public scrutiny, and you will know how the sausage is made and see that the goals of the company aren't focused on invading privacy or global domination like everyone else thinks. It's hard to see this thing that takes up so much of your life lionized and loathed by the press and your friends.  For engineers, a lot of the tools you will use day-to-day are incomplete, broken, poorly documented, and might not be supported anymore. You will get used to this. "Move fast and break things" is more complicated than it sounds, and that's really hard to adapt to when coming from a more traditional company. Have big goals but chop them up into small tasks with well-defined success indicators and communicate them early and often.
Long commute from SF to HQ, Company getting large now and it's harder to work on most impactful products.
code quality is not good
High stress, lot of turnover. I've had a new manager every year. Some teams have a 24/7 work expectation. Highly competitive, and you are competing with lots of smart people. Seems very difficult to get a promotion and junior people who don't rise fast enough are pushed out. For senior engineers, one bad project or not enough impact and it can be very difficult to course-correct.
Great placr to work! Can't think of any!
Being very data-driven can push out more sentiment-based projects and sometimes puts too much of a burden on teams to identify exactly the right metric to optimize for.  Tooling for developers is improving but with such a large codebase and so many developers, creating a branch, making a change and building can take a long time. This is especially true on mobile.
None that I can think of
Despite the great salary, the cost of living in the area is still a pain point.
No particular cons, except note that it's a pretty large organization that is ran by countless autonomous teams meaning experiences in each team could be quite different.
it's getting bigger and bigger
Not every team is created equal at Facebook. I'm a Product Support Specialist at Facebook working under the Global Shared Services department. Unfortunately, the role that was stated in the JD is not the role that I am in.  I was told the Product Support role would be a precursor to Product Management and that you will be spending a lot of time strategizing and helping product teams with their product roadmaps. A couple weeks in, and I soon realized that this role is purely operational and SLA based. We manned bug reports on a daily basis. Everything was numbers driven, but not in the right way. We were encouraged to analyze the tickets to find ways to improve SLA.  Leadership is quite weak. They only listen to our goals and aspirations but neither help us or nor point us to the right direction. Most of the team don't plan to stay for long. Everyone seems to have a plan B or to be using this role as a springboard to another one within Facebook.  Although I hear great things from other teams, this one is not it.
needs to focus on the impact.
I think the commute is clearly a problem, but also sometimes bureaucracies exist where they should not.
Middle to senior management likes to play the game and it can be hard to move upwards if you don't have management support.
At times, lack of focus...placing too many bets and not quick enough to abandon some and focus on ones that are showing early success
Facebook is currently gentrifying East Palo Alto. A lot of families in the areas surrounding Facebook can not afford to compete of housing with the Facebook employees who are making high salaries.
The main campus is in fountain valley
There is a danger of working too much just because all the benefits make you think that you owe the company to work more than you already do
Not many. I suppose one could be that most teams work long hours.
Facebook is a big company with rules. If you are a software engineer, you are compared to all other software engineers. If you do part of the job of a software engineer and part of the job of a something-else (PM, manager, analyst, etc), it will be hard to evaluate you. Also, it is common to have a lot of manager changes.
nice for the fresh people to get in. but not good for old worker
Work life balance could take a hit, the company is quite large now so need to make extra efforts for visibility to leadership
- Big company now, moves slower than before - Lateral movements into certain departments are more difficult than they should be - Engineering and product related functions are somewhat treated better than others (management is good about combating this)
Facebook has grown at such a rapid rate that the quality of people has gone down a bit. There are roles popping up that are more administrative and low-impact. Promotions can feel like seat time + politics rather than ability and impact.
Laptop and phone each employee is given is not a perk, but a leash...you are always expected to be on them even when you are not at work trying to enjoy the life you are actually working for. Because they have issued you these items, there are no excuses.
On-calls shifts can be tough
The Publisher Solutions org has been in flux for over two years. I no longer have any confidence that the leadership knows what they are doing. Rather than helping their people identify and align on impactful projects, they are turned inwards, patting themselves on the back from the top down and only caring about posturing in their own careers. It's politics in the worst way, and can go unchecked at a company as large as Facebook. They systemically suppress the talents of people who do not buy into the secret club. It has not been my experience that this toxic culture exists outside of that org.
1. I don't quite like the office decoration style. A little bit stressful and factory like. 2. The compensation is better than Google but not as good as other smaller companies. 3. Despite good acquisitions for solidify the position in social media, social networks, there is still uncertainty about the future of this company.
Work life balance cane become a problem
We're in fast growth which means you have to be prepared to keep up with scaling our products, services, and teams. The good part of this is great career opportunity but, for people who don't know how to scale, it requires new muscles.
The work itself was not very interesting, and there were a few months I got stuck doing absolutely abysmal maintenance work on old code. Among management, there are a few bad apples that can make working there less pleasant.
None. This is truly a special place to work.
Sometimes Facebook feels like barely organized chaos. But it somehow works! A huge part of the culture is bottom-up -- i.e., the day-to-day, week-to-week direction really does flow from the employees much more than the management.  It took a while to get used to the open spaces and the diverse campus locations, but I'm used to it now (a year in) and again, and it doesn't really get in the way that much.
Commute is long from San Francisco. Other than that, I really don't have any cons.
- Things change fast. If you're not at ease with change, or if you're seeking a place that never changes, this is not the right company for you. This includes projects, tools, technologies, teams...  - There are multiple technical ways of doing most things. It's not always clear which is the best way, so you have to ask people. I think that's actually OK as you get to know your colleagues. But if you're the kind of person who wants perfect documentation for everything, this is not the place for you.
more engineering and workload is pretty high
The open floor plan has a downside: if someone comes in sick with a cold or flu, its too easy to pass it on to others. It is addressed very thoughtfully though, so it's not such a big deal.
It is a very young company. The benefit is that it creates an aggressive and flexible style of working. On the flip side if you like consistency and predictability - this is not the place for you.
- Commute is O.K., I find it productive but friends who get carsick, less ideal
It's really fast paced and things change quickly. You have to be able to ride the waves and adapt quickly. So many people are grateful to be part of such an amazing company, but there are a few bad eggs who ruin the culture because they takers, not givers. We need to serve more humble pie in the cafes.
None that I can think of.
I came from a corporates which are not so fast paced and it is difficult onboarding with facebook. But honestly it is worth it
-Recruiters aren't allowed to work remote.
New managers in transition, but that's inevitable. Pressure to work more - this is very team dependent. Despite efforts to say work however you like, if many people on your team is working throughout the night, it's hard not to feel the pressure. Open office space isn't for everyone - where's my flow state? This has improved with more and more rooms being allocated for personal use and ability to update work status. Seattle office is older than MPK.
little to no advancement opportunities for those who aren't in the "old boys club"
Your desk area can often get loud. The company often doesn't follow through enough on released products, discontinuing them within 1-2 years. You must come into the office at least 80% of the time usually, which means you must relocate near an office.
No cons, the stereotype of working in tech is overrated
Getting too big. Getting complacent and hiring bar is getting lower. Lots of cliques at work
Really ? Very little, I'm stuck thinking about it. I just can't find anything to say here. Like any big company you might have to work through confusing org structures but once you understand that it's easy
work pressure is high and push too much Lack of communication sometimes .
Commute from SF is tough, and manager support is pretty hit or miss depending on the person. You have to stick up for yourself and be proactive if you want to learn.
- The work culture is largely self-driven. There's no particular structure or strict schedule for getting work done, so if you're not self-motivated, you could fall behind without much consistent feedback for your performance. - Work-life balance can be a little unhealthy at times. There felt like there was a bit of pressure to work even while at home, because a lot of people do.
it will let employee increase weigh
I seriously can't think of a single negative thing about Facebook. I couldn't see myself working at any other company.
Moves too fast for some of the teams that should be doing more research.
The culture of some of the departments is slipping away faster than most people would like to admit. The company is becoming more and more "corporate" with more politics settling in. This ranges from managers hiring friends and old colleagues, completely bypassing our interview process, to putting "policies" in place against company culture that puts unnecessary roadblocks in place, slowing down productivity. The company is growing, which can be appreciated, but the amount of emphasis that is being put on us that we need to move to being "more corporate" is completely against what the company was built on.
There's a bit of fiefdom but very little. Sometimes hard to get code-review. We move a little fast for documentation sometimes, and there are often 5 ways to do that one thing and they're very similar with cute animal names.
Sometimes, it can get pretty daunting for an intern. Facebook has a ton of internal tools and a lot of internal documentation, and it is easy for an intern to get lost in the myriad of internal stuff.
Management has the lack of experience to develop talent.
always very ambitious goals which promotes hard work
bonus is not as high as I thought and seems no stock refresh program?
I haven't seen any so far.
stress, work life balance in some teams
Work life balance can be a struggle if you do not define clear boundaries on the front end.
People can be discarded easily. It's hard to keep up the kool-aid induced hype after a few years. If you're an older employee, get used to feeling uncomfortable.
Concentrix has the lowest paid contractors or any employment company doing business with Facebook. Clerical mistakes like having training classes arrive a week earlier than scheduled are commonplace.
You may face some negative comments or less users does not explore or educate themselves in the facebook with a simple daily core like and sharing if you are a facebook junkie.
- recruiters will low ball you on the initial offer as if their life depends on it. Even though they may have 1000 RSUs to grant they will deliberately start with a 700 hoping the unsuspecting candidate gulps it up in hopes of working for the "best company to work for". - There is unprecedented growth, which means high volume of hiring, which means C grade people are creeping in, including peers and upper management coming in from companies like Microsoft bringing their big company (read: - With great minds come bloated egos. Egoists and self proclaimed war heroes abound. God forbid you happen to cross paths with these people, but if you do, then be prepared for a political poop storm of epic proportions. - Managers are good only for 1:1s and calibrations, they dont actually drive ideas and projects, engineers do. Its easy to settle into a bubble and lose interest in the work unless you take the initiative to explore other options on a regular basis.
Information is not very well organized. For a new person it can be a little intimidating to navigate and find the info you need, so that takes some getting used to.
A lot of work, and moving around if you don't like walking around too much. And sometimes you might not get a break for lunch.
Less work-life balance than desired
NONE at all excellent place to work at
The project I was working on has ended and they couldn’t offer me next cooperation.
unbalance load of work. faulty ways of measuring the productivity of engineers.
Couldn't find any cons till now.
High pressure to perform, focus on impact means that even doing a good job on a project doesn't mean you would be commended, review feedback cycles are a drain, zero appreciation for quality, bug fixing or assisting others - engineers are only assessed by new features that can be shown to provide measurable impact to a metric that management cares about. Codebase is messy due to a lot of people (especially inexperienced) moving fast.
* The Bars are too high which makes the politics also set at the same standard. * Some are not Bothered or Recognized for work. * You will be in a soup, where you want to stay because it's Facebook and u want to leave as you can withstand the treatment..
Cannot think of any cons in the short period I've been at Fb.
They keep you busy - achieving work/life balance is challenging, but during such a heavy growth phase, it's somewhat understandable. Lots of pressure as well - everyone around you is so intelligent and hard-working.
Technology stack of the company is very specific. Be sure to select proper project, and not some legacy stuff
Any position here is for self starters and motivated people.
less salary for contractors and they are given long term.
Contingent employees are treated the same as FTE's for the most part. But you will constantly be reminded you're NOT a Facebook employee. There will be many occasions where contingent employees will be excluded to FTE functions and benefits.
It's big enough that there is significant differences in engineering culture within the company.
its hard to work with crazy people
It can take up large data plus, you get a lot into the pages there is always a good laugh somewhere.
Such a big company that sometimes you might feel a little lost
- As it's larger now, not ideal for a startup-minded person - Commute from SF is pretty tedious
None. You feel the impact that you make.
nothing bets place to work diff from other companies
Traffic nearby is very heavy.
The people in the Austin office are brutal. I felt like I was in high school again. They bash each other, gossip and belittle 'outsiders' or people they don't know. I overheard the 'senior' employees belittling me and making fun of a physical condition I have SEVERAL times. They smile to your face but they are passive aggressive and outright mean. And I performed very well at my job, loved my team in CA, and loved the company. But some of those 'lifetime' FB people are poisoning the culture. I had to leave after a year. And good luck telling anyone. It's career suicide
It can get tedious sometimes - a lot of problems are solved, so making an impact is difficult at first. You need to hunt for ways to make an impact.
The food is delicious but watch your waistline... Diversity issues - my team was made of up mostly white males.
Can't really think of any cons right now
- Nothing much to say bad about FB.
the lack of collective self-awareness, humility, and sense of humor. the cult-like party-line echo chamber, internal propaganda, and kool-aid drinking.
Long onboarding process might be a turn off to some people.other than that the company is about as good as it gets.
too much fun in facebook which is good for health
- Sometimes too rushed to launch things, product not as polished as it can be. - Very engineering and data-driven, should consider more human criteria for success - Teams are getting big and communication is getting harder - Not structured, need to find your own way of doing things
These perks aren't as useful when you have a family at home who you sit down at a dinner table with or leave work and go home to.
Work life balance? What's that????
Impact you can have now is severely limited. Reviews are based on impact, career progression is unobtainable. Sexism is rampant.
We do move fast and that is stressful at times. It is sometimes intimidating to deal with systems that affect so many people in significant ways.
Too big that it's difficult to move fast.
I do not know yet.
1. Pretty hacky in building products sometimes 2. Management are nice but not very experienced
Politics increase as you get promoted to higher levels.
Don't see any cons, except that it might be harder to really progress in your career if you're working outside of a regional HQ, where the majority of the new roles are based.
work life balance can be a bit unsatisfying
Probably, the worst part for me, was that we couldn´t work on sundays ,)
Practice what you and leadership preaches. Lack of authenticity.
No cons really that I can think of..
Would be great to get more direction from leadership
- lack of documentation or best practices. Facebook still operates like a start-up and the value is on moving fast, with an unintended consequence of no paper trail or documentation of what has or has not been done and whether it worked. - communication gaps. A product of the above con, people and sometimes entire teams operate without understanding other teams may be pursuing the same approach or idea.
Company uses many different ways for documentation, which makes it hard to find the information I really need.
Can't think of any major cons
As an overall place to work, hard to think of cons. I guess the con of the open/hacky culture are occasional lack of structure/clarity.
sometimes need to be too short term because of 6 month review cycles
Interview was too hard for an intern
Six month review cycles that take a lot of energy and focus away from projects
Facebook has become more careful in certain core areas like Newsfeed, Timeline, Ads, and Platform. There are many stakeholders on these products and thus you've got to get a lot more things buttoned up before you can launch a product change in these core areas. We still do experiments but not quite as freely as before. Just understand that the more impact your product has, the tougher it will be to make changes, and place yourself in the company according to your preferences.
I can't think of any cons.
High pressure to succeed, increasing company size no longer really feels like a startup
Biggest common issue over my 1 year here: They don't practice what they preach (ie. Culture and work/life balance opportunities). The management team looks down on everyone. No one can advance beyond an entry level position. You get an idea that gets bought or get stuck in an entry level type job for your "career" with barely above avg pay rates. I know that this is a competitive industry but sometimes the stupid people win just because they have the right connection. Bad employees stay while realistic workers realize the mistreatment and all leave within a year. I'm not making this up. Go look up Facebook's overall turnover ratio and tell me how that could lead to happy employees. Every SINGLE person on my initial project was lied to about their working hours (expect 9-5 and told 9-5 then made work overnight/graveyard shifts), benefits (only get to go on campus when with a supervisor), and team management. Too often we are told that our ideas will be considered then a manager gets promoted to a new project for spearheading such an idea.
Pressure is high, because of working with smartest people. Work life balance is a huge problem. You will push yourself, for sure. It is not necessarily bad, but definitely not for everyone.
Not a lot of room for non-technical junior full time roles, lack of upward mobility
My concerns are mostly minor. However, because Facebook hires strong talent at EVERY position, in some cases where strong talent is hired in positions that aren't core to the success of the business (read: if you're not an engineer, product manager, or maayyyybeeee a key sales person), it can be frustrating as your job is just not that important to the company's success. Hungry, ambitious people in these sorts of situations (as Facebook tends to recruit) can get disengaged and frustrated by these facts.
Commute to San Francisco. The commute to San Francisco is unhealthy and inhibits social life. I want to live the city lifestyle, and this is a serious consideration for me. My next job will certainly not involve 3 hours of commuting each day.
The location was not my favorite to commute to but the free buses make it better.
place gets a little crowded while working but it gets the job done for us
Very fast face so cannot do a deep dive on one single engagement
Working style and rewards are highly individualized. It's not the place to go if you prefer working on a tightly knit team. Working from a remote office requires much travel to HQ.
Maybe this is me, or maybe it's the culture. You can't really go off the grid for more than let's say half a week. Why? Things can break. and if you aren't there to fix it, it's going to be a disaster (that could have been avoided).  But quite frankly, if I had to choose between ownership/responsibility, and the ability to go completely off the grid, I'd choose the former.
The company is HUGE. The most challenging part is keeping up with all the changes happening to the company.
Everything constantly changes. Not a terrible thing - just something for most people to realize if you don't like change.
Constant change hard to keep up with. Different experiences depending on management. None that don't exist at other companies.
Experiencing huge growth. You need to be able to adapt to change easily and be patient as the groom new leaders.
Lack of career path visibility and where to go next.
Not a place for introverts or those who value workspace privacy. If you choose to actually go home when you're done for the day - and not hang around or go out for a drink or otherwise spend more time with colleagues - you are met with incredulous stares. EVERYONE has drunk the Kool-aid, no one can fathom that the company isn't universally loved.
Moves faster and busier than other companies at the same scale.
Internship is probably like a lottery. Some great coders that had internship along side with me didn't get a job offer, because they couldn't excel at the project they worked on.
competitive environment (bar is too high), work life balance (long hours, randomness, always available, competition), stress (impact, impact, impact, impact)
The company is more focused on web development and has less product/project diversity than other companies like Google or Microsoft.
Contractors viewed as second class citizens
Some management can be uneven, especially in the case where a manager is new. In that case, there's lots of room for individual contributors to give managers feedback and even direction. Speak up and make yourself heard!
I have yet to find one
Biggest issue I see is burn out but the company is focused on this particular problem in an incredibly thoughtful way
I haven't encountered a significant "con" yet, other than the extremely high expectations - but is that a con, if everyone around you is invested in your success and tries to help you excel?
It's grown really fast recently and the culture's been diluted. The product roadmap changes a lot. It's had trouble innovating internally, most product growth lately has come through acquisitions.
Maintaining a work-life balance is difficult. Codebase is still messy in some parts and can be frustrated when documentation and owners are nowhere to be found.
So much to do! They keep saying we are only 1% done? It's tiring!
The internal culture feels uncritical of the company's decisions. Too often, people conflate our business interests with humanitarian interests.
Any complaints seem like extreme first world gripes given all that the company does to keep the employees happy and progressing in their positions and careers, but I do have a few.  The company will absolutely (and gladly) take as much time as you put in. They don't overly pressure you to work insane hours, but you will be surrounded by overachievers who put that pressure on themselves and create the perception that large swaths of the company are, "always working." This can be a blessing or curse and it is up to each individual employee to figure out the dreaded work / life balance equation for themselves.  The other issue, is that Facebook prides itself on not competing on salary, RSU's, etc. against offers from other companies. While that may seem ok in practice, it results in a revolving door (which is a bit of a Silicon Valley issue in and of itself) between other big tech companies and Facebook. We won't make counteroffers to keep people, but we'll pay them what they wanted before they left to come back which sets a bad precedent for the people who stay.
- nth that I can think of now
work-life balance might be tough on some teams
There is no downside to a great company making the world a better place.
Too Large, minimal scope, repeating process already in place.
Some teams are becoming big and hence your impact may seem to dilute. Not very helpful in movement across orgs
- free food. I eat too much.
Everything is broken, all the time.
you're compete with smartest people in the world
It feels like a cult for young, single people. Mature professionals with families need not apply. If you do manage to join, be prepared to be surrounded by rah rah rah, lots of brown nosing, politics, eating, drinking, and going to the gym with your co-workers is almost required if you want to get ahead here. If you don't join the herd with a smile on your face, you'll certainly feel like an outcast and will be on the black list. Manager smile to your face, tell you what you want to hear, then will stab you in the back. Extremely immature organization. They also make it nearly impossible to hit your goals once you are at a senior level, and then they will fine a way to phase you out and replace you with someone younger.
I don't think I experienced any downsides while working here.
Week I moved across the country for the job, I was told the team I joined to be on no longer existed. Forth manager I had in my first four months later kept from me that the work I was hired to do was being removed from Facebook's objectives.  Some seniors managers keep secrets and are horrible to work for. There's lots of truth to the saying, "I joined for the company and left because of my manager." Facebook a really, really good at selling its kool-aid story to employees. (It's why they have great ratings on Glassdoor IMO.) If you are in a position or team that is dissolved, you only have 4 weeks to find a new job, which isn't much time at all.
Facebook is becoming a larger company and lots of time get sunk into coordinating and selling rather than building. Life/work balance can suffer despite considerable efforts from the company to balance things.
The only con I've found is that Facebook's campus is a bit in the middle of no where but honestly with the flexible shuttle system and an all-day shuttle that goes back and forth between downtown Palo Alto, it's not so bad.
Long commute and lack of diversity
Sometimes the goal could be not easy to meet.
Not Really. I am happy here
- no work/life balance - not enough empathy to peers
Not much remote work. So sometimes challenging if your commute is far
- People says Facebook has less politics, but I do feel some. Usually come from a group of people joining to same team from same company around same time. - Culture encourages transparency, so if you're a smooth talker and avoid giving harsh feedbacks, this could become your problem in review.
Not good pay need more money in this economy. To make it anywhere you need good and steady income no matter what. But this is a fun and easy job
Lack of direction, no ownership.
Tolerates brilliant jerks and it can be easy to burn out based the intensity of workload.
Many people work 50+ hrs/week, depending on your team and location.
Can be chaotic, Lots of young/inrexperienced managers. Difficult to make true impact when there are so many type A, motivated young individuals doing crazy awesome work. Although there are privisons for work from home and generally good at encouraging work/life balance, this is difficult with so many young and single people putting in intense amounts of hours.
Most engineers are pretty introverted. Can be stressful.
The shuttle rides are a double-edge sword. It's great benefit to have, but if you are planning on using the shuttles or even commute, good luck on the 2-hour ride back home.
Stressful - most people are expected to be available all of the time. People are passionate but that comes with a down side of not wanted to listen to other people's opinion. Profanity is part and parcel of working here.
To me, the one con is the time it takes to get down to Menlo Park from San Francisco.
* Growing too fast. * Hacky culture doesn't bound well for code quality.
They could be more organized when managing and planning projects
Long hours, not a lot of impact on the business in general.
I'm gaining weight with all the free food:-)
Extremely high bar for success. You need to be great to be average. Everyone is smart and motivated so don't expect to work 9-5.
Politics starting to creep up
Better for engineers and designers than fro most other disciplines. Stock had captured most huge growth, not a start up any more. The 101 is basically a parking lot. The interns eat all the best food :-)
- Incredibly lean - At least on the non-tech side of the house we could easily add 5 more HRBP's/HRG's and still be understaffed. The pro is way more opportunity for impact, the con is that you just cant get to every org, manager or employee that could be optimized with some extra attention. - Comfort in the gray - Being successful at Facebook means being comfortable without always having a process, policy, or system to fall back on. The bonus is it leaves more freedom for judgement, the down side is first ever decisions can feel like they're policy setting (even if no policy is created)
It is a very fast pace environment and it takes time to really find that work life/personal life balance.
The good, old "open and focusing on impact" culture is fading away. Senior level engineers more and more often have to fight against each other for projects or reinvent the wheels for the sake of fulfilling requirements vs. real technical/business needs. Managers brought in through nepotism have little to none people management experience and skills and brought in negative impact by playing politics. There is no clear mechanism in place to stop these viruses from spreading.
A lot of responsibility. Things move super fast. This is pretty much i. It is overall a great place to work
The harder-driving people are moving towards smaller companies, start-ups, companies that haven't IPO'ed yet. This company is becoming more mature and therefore the upside may be smaller and there are conservative elements that need to protect all the territory the company has conquered thus far. At the same time, leadership is trying to stay on the cutting edge and there's still a lot of growth
It's still a big company, so there are ways you can end up going down the `feel good about yourself` train, and end up not being too great.
If you care about city living, enjoy dumping thousands of hours of your life away in a bus annually
There are no cons, it's basically the perfect place to work.
Long commute from SF. Large company so sometimes there are duplicate tools for the same task.
There's so much autonomy that direction from above isn't quite there. There's no product development process. The success of your product is very much up to how good your PM is or whatever process the team has lifted from other companies. PMs can be really clueless or junior sometimes, but other times, they're out of this world.  Very metrics driven. It is frustrating to be so tied to metrics that better experiences don't ship or some really crappy product gets developed because of a metrics goal.
Hard to say there are any negatives at a place like Facebook.
It can be overwhelming to be an intern, with work starting from the very first day. Also they get too many interns sometimes and managing them gets messy for mentors. Screws up your work life balance a bit.
- steep learning curve - very hard to find good documentation when trying to learn about various aspects of infra - a lot of custom systems/tools everywhere, can be overwhelming to new hires - sometimes people move too fast and create projects without enough consideration for effort vs impact - compensation is probably not as good as other similar sized companies for new grads (unless you are an extremely desired engineer with many competing offers)
lack of proper software engineering practices/hacky culture. Not much guidance given to employees.
I really have no cons here. Probably the only thing that bothers me sometime is the food given to us.
people who are smelly sometimes there
I don't think there are cons to this company.
The only legitimate con I have about working here is meeting start times. Meetings go from 12:00-1:00 for example, with the following meeting starting at 1:00 promptly. This naturally leads to people starting meetings late.  Also I get withdrawals on the weekends when at home because the food here is so good. It causes me to eat out more on the weekends and thus I don't actually save on my food bill.
-you have to open your personal FB page up to co-workers (hard!)- makes sense that you use the product your company makes, but it's such a co-mingling of personal and professional lives. - there seems to be a group of the before and afters- who struggle to understand the company has grown and will not go back to the first 100 employees! This leads to a sense of entitlement and not playing as a team. - commute. UGH -Need to do better with giving back (as a company and as employees). I know our CEO has donated gazillions- but we need programs that allow employees to donate and have funds matched, and allow employees to volunteer their time. -More focus now that it's a larger company with 10K employees, on career growth and development. Opportunity to do on diversity hiring and older workers- the average age has to be under 25! And a more diverse executive team...
-Entitlement. After you've worked here for a while, it's easy to get entitled. I'd say 95% of employees keep their feet on the ground and appreciative and gracious about the benefits they receive, but the entitlement plus the company's culture of open feedback ("feedback is a gift") occasionally breeds inane complaints in internal communication groups. -That commute. If you live in SF, you'll have to hike down to Menlo Park, and depending upon where you're coming from and how bad traffic is that day, it could be as bad as 2 hours each day. The good news: that's rare, and company-provided transportation options (shuttles with WiFi) make this as easy as possible. You do get used to it, and your time on the shuttle is your own. Sure, you can do work, but you can also nap, watch Netflix, or read.
The HR/training teams that I worked with were staffed by people that thougt they were experts. They indicated that no contractors could ever offer value, contractors were viewed as an extra pair of hands. However, my role was specifically to provide expertise and coaching in my domain area. The junior/mid-level staff never solicited feedback and assumed only their ideas were useful. Just because people say they are open to feedback does not make it so. I got unsolicited feedback constantly at FB: everyone has an opinion and thinks it's valuable. But, not once did anyone ever ask for my feedback. In that sense, and many others, it's a hypocritical environment.  If you're junior or less than 15 years in your job, FB is probably a good place to grow. If you're more experienced, be sure you carefully evaluate the job. My experience is that I wasn't working with the best or brightest, more often they were the narrow-minded, arrogant and entitled.  Finally, in the area I worked, it was all about blame and pointing fingers when things went wrong. And because they hate processes, of course things would go wrong.
The company is getting big, and even though the company tries hard to not be affected by "corporate" culture, some of it is unavoidable it seems.
I presently do not have any cons.
Goals and projects were not laid out very well. Shouldn't be a problem for people with more experience, but for first-time interns this might be an issue because they offer little help with getting accustomed to the work environment.
Personally I love the concept of bringing my authentic self to work and being personal friends with coworkers, but I understand that it's not for everyone. I do feel that this will become more prevalent as the millennial generation becomes the majority of the workforce in the next decade.
There isn't much downside that I've seen working there, but probably only thing that I can think of is eating too much at the free bbq.
- Longer days (but you like what you do) - Handful of entitled people
Work life ballance is absolutely an issue. As a manager, this was the number one problem I faced.....keeping my team moving forward at the pace of the company's expectations, while also managing my team's frustration at being on and accessible 24/7.....not a philosophy I could subscribe to.
- Lots of hiring from outside that layer long-term employees under several managers - There are a few "Golden Children" inside the company who can essentially do no wrong and will always be given control of the most interesting/valuable projects. They are either buddies with Zuck/Sheryl or were actual startup veterans who were brought in from the outside. Either way, it's near impossible to become a significant player in the company without that "golden" anointment.
Big and getting bigger. Genuinely not on the same scale as Google or Microsoft, but reaching the point where all start-up remnants are being washed away.
Can't really pinpoint anything to complain about. I mean after all, we have amazing benefits!
-Always attached to Facebook. Let's face it, I did this before I started working here anyway. -Lots of information. Sometimes it can be tough to keep track of all of the things that are changing. We have internal groups for everything and it can get a little intense trying to follow it all.
One of the consequences of the flat, disparate teams and "move fast" philosophy is that multiple teams may be duplicating work and competing internally, or just faltering in a disorganized fashion.
The pace that everyone moves at is extremely fast, so be ready when you join. There are a lot of smart people so it's easy to feel overwhelmed at first.
Project allocation was probably not suitable for all of us, since there were more than 1000 interns this summer.
You can end up doing things that you have never done
Location in Menlo Park can be difficult for some commuting from farther parts of the Bay Area, but shuttles from many locations help a lot.
Slowly but surely turning into Google
- comp isnt as high as other companies
Depending where you live, the commute - but the commuter resources are really strong.
The pace can be exhausting if you don't actively take time for yourself, however, managers are really good at encouraging employees to take vacation.
It's too early for me to tell. I hear rumblings that justifying code cleanup can be difficult since there's no neat metric for it.
Work life integration. Your colleagues will become your closest friends. But then, when do you spend enough time (enough not to ask for their understanding) your family and best friends?
No cons are worth detailing in comparison to the massive positives at Facebook today. Facebook just needs to keep up the good work maintaining that culture as they continue to scale.
Well, it only paid an honorarium which didn't amount to much, but it was the prestige of having done the job that mattered.
Some people drink the Kool-Aid too much and think we're perfect.
+ Some people find it hard to find a life/work balance, but following the guidance of the more experienced people it can be easy, just need to cut through the BS and focus on impact
Was attracted to FB because of its Diversity message but it was a sad illusion. I'm HIspanic and women and since I joined the company they put me this HIspanic tag. Don't feel included by my peers and even by my manager, who is a global leader. Internally the company believes they include the people but never dare to deeply talk about the non inclusive culture we have here (Maning Bias training and tribes are only the top of this iceberg). Some Latinos friend already left the company and I might be the next.
1. Work can sometimes be overwhelming for some people. However, to me, it seems like it is a product of their own working style. No doubt, there is a lot of work going on at a rapid pace, but you are always free to complete it at your own pace and your team is always there, ready to help you. 2. Limited number of PTOs: Although they are more than most companies out there in the industry, but they are still low.
No clear career path, Analytics org has seen multiple owners, lots of attrition, not a meritocratic culture
None that I can think of.
Frenetic pace, which isn't bad by itself. But PROCESS is a four letter word at Facebook, clearly moving fast and breaking things is considered the way to go. Sorry, but when a company hits 12,000 people you gotta add in at least a light layer of process and actually hold people accountable to follow it.
It can be difficult at times keeping up with everything we need to know as we grow. We're also spreading out more - both globally and in HQ at Menlo Park. We need to make sure that we do our best to stay connected and maintain what's special about Facebook even with this growth.
It may be hard to adjust in the first few months if you're used to working in a traditional company. You can't sit in a corner and work alone - cross functional teamwork and building relationships are the norm. Facebook is always in the public spotlight, and this is one of the things you'll have to learn to deal with if you want to work here. And you'll have to get used to spending more time on Facebook. :-)
A lot of product ideas get killed and never ship, which is usual for a company this size as you can't just ship half-baked products.
really cannot find any Cons...
There are a lot of people who touch each project making it hard to execute quickly.
FB is a large company and with that, it is sometimes hard to see the impact of the work given.
- Was placed on a team despite not having the skills that the team needed - Bootcamp could be a little bit more comprehensive
growing pains, middle management, unclear expectations
not a lot of mentorship.
Too much food, way too easy to gain weight. You need to make decision yourself most of the time, sometimes it's intimidating.
Politics abound, lack of management training, questionable review cycles, erratic tangible roadmap outside of high-level ideas
I Found No Cons, A Great Company To Work With. Tough To Get A Job That's All About Facebook.
The company is getting bigger day by day.
Disneyland Capitalism, fun and games on the surface with a monolithic corporation underneath.
Unclear expectations, burnout rate is high
No matter where you come from, it's trafficky to get to the offices in MPK.
Need to give more feedback and room for improvement.
Not as much room for growth anymore. Bad work/life balance. Waining company culture being replaced by Microsoft suits.  RSU grants are at the whim HR, so you really have to fight for a good offer otherwise you'll regret it.
Noise and distractions in an open work environment sometimes hurts productivity sometimes. Luckily, there are couches and quiet rooms for that.
Sometimes there is poor work life balance
There will be winners and losers. Career growth to gain skills is hard. Internal transfers are harder than getting hired externally.
Not much to say here!
Not that many interesting projects Too much maintenance burden at times
Sugar-shop is hard to resist HQ Office in the middle of nowhere Commute on 101 is a pain Sometimes work environment gets pretty noisy with all the discussions going on around you
- some managers aren't really manager material, but just did a lateral switch for the wrong reasons - despite having some truly exceptional people, there are a number of new hires that are sub-par - work life balance varies immensely across teams, from very relaxed (10-6, mon-fri), to very ridiculous (12h+, 6+days a week)...
- Salary growth can be somewhat linear...and the y-axis (what you start off at), has more weight than it should for a young company. - Easy for performance to all clump together at the above expectations rating, which really makes it difficult to stand out.
Long commute from San Francisco, starting to become a bigger corporate entity, upward mobility isn't as clear or easy as it used to be
Pace is incredibly hard and demanding. Growing too fast at times. Need to slow down and put more alignment in place. Almost too transparent with our employees with information and data. They really do share a lot, there are positives and negatives to that, such as when new products get leaked to the press.
Work-life balance, while better than most top tech companies and certainly startups, is always a struggle. Unstructured work environment is a challenge to some.
noisy, contractors treated differently, lots of changes
It's very hard to advance your career if you want to have work-life balance. The fast pace and the high demands foster burnout in a lot of employees.
- The pains of a growing company are beginning to show but everyone recognizes this and there are active discussions to preserve the culture - Work life balance can be tricky but FB takes care of you
The company is scaling rapidly, so while there is still a start-up culture, it's impossible to have the type of familiarity with all your coworkers and knowledge of all active projects you'd have at a smaller place.
- Management at the manager level is full of many inexperienced managers who are looking to try their hand at management. I don't think it's working that well. They don't back up their direct reports and are afraid to make any sort of decision.  - Decision making by groups...while in theory is nice and probably worked a few thousand employees ago makes things slow down now. Empower your people and embrace accountability and responsibility.  - Politics are king, if you can navigate them well, you'll do well on certain teams as it is rampant. Favorites are played and it's more about what you say you're doing then what you actually are doing.  - Plan but don't execute - executing is for low level people, senior folks plan strategically with a holistic view and full context....yeah all that garbage talk is for real though. Seriously, depends on the team and role, but getting "stuff" done could be seen in a bad light.
The location of the office is the biggest drawback, it's in the middle of nowhere with no good housing nearby
bi annual self & colleague reviews
The Facebook IT team needs to be less hierarchical and open to new ideas from their workers.
Work-Life Balance. There are very high expectations at Facebook and people work long hours.
Work/life balance can get hurt as a lot of folks at the office are single and do not understand the needs of having a family.  The company is getting bigger. This means more room for backroom politics and aligning people without ruffling people's feathers.  Very talented individual contributors (and/or good at politics) are being promoted. As a result, instead of having well rounded managers, you end up having either extremely career driven or super awkward managers. Some of those middle managers are very green, making it even more painful.  Some women feel like they have to be extra tough at work because of the Leanin coolaid, making them very hard to work with.
We're getting huge. The last thing I want is for the company to turn into a Google/Microsoft/Amazon, but it might be inevitable. Luckily, the company takes preventative action to prevent the big corporate feeling... but it isn't working super well.
- they talk about "work-life blending" instead of balance, but what this means in reality is that work generally dominates your life (along with your newsfeed) - a growing focus on financial compensation instead of intrinsic motivators - at the pace and scale of the company, an individual's perceived impact is shrinking - using user engagement metrics as a poor substitution for user sentiment / satisfaction - especially in the last few years, converging with the model of most other major companies
Really good company and no big cons.. Ok.. food is not good as heard..
Because hierarchy is insignificant and bureaucracy is at a minimum, it can sometimes be hard to figure out who else is working on something in which you have an interest. Feels decentralized.
- Commuting by car to the new Seattle office from Eastside would require going through Mercer street. - Open space floor plan. - May gain weight due to free food.
none, they are doing everything right
- Not a con for me, but Facebook is an intense place, driven by smart and passionate people. If you are looking for a place to coast, this aint it. - Commute, if you're living in SF
Facebook moves extremely fast -- it can be tough to stay on top of all the product/strategy changes. Innovation is extremely important to us, so we have to make sure that all of our operational teams can keep up.
Work/Life Balance is non-existent. As is career development opportunities & mobility on the non-technical side.  Management is really poor & gets increasingly detached and political the higher up you get.  They tend to reward/promote people who can make themselves look good, rather than people who actually get stuff done. This wasn't the case when I joined, but, the culture has shifted dramatically in that direction.
Very competitive environment, if you're not the right kind of person for this it can be challenging.
no such cons for company like facebook
No work life balance, culture is so bad. It almost squeezed you all your time and give you a great pressure.
Far from SF and commute time is really long
but the hr is not so good. The food there is so-so. The environment is not charming. So I decide to other companies.
Work-life balance. It is busier comparing to Google. But things are getting better. It also depends on the teams.
Nothing really except that sometime we move too fast.
don't have anything to complain about.
- as the company grows, there is also more process - in some orgs, leadership loses touch to their team's work - this leaves too much room for meaningless buzzwords
-for some reason there is a good amount of churn after an employee hits their 4 years. People usually have nothing but great things to say about the company, but we attract the kind of people who want to leave and go do their own startups/ build their own companies after working for FB and getting experience. This is a bit of a bummer and does kill morale when you lose a great person on your team. -i've had nothing but great managers, but this isn't the case for everyone. -no SF office
FB is so generous to their employees that at times it is taken for granted. Stay humble, folks.
You have to be very self driven to succeed. Seeking out and maintaining internal relationships is critical for success. If you enjoy titles, offices and structure, this is not the place for you!  We have a saying at Facebook, "nothing is someone else's problem". That means you might be having a CMO level meeting with a client, and then helping clean up the meeting trash afterwards.
11+ years old, but can feel like a startup (which can be a good thing). Pace, lack of processes and structure make for a challenging place to acclimate Six months is an eternity, building sustainable things takes considerable time, effort and fortitude Work / Life balance is challenging. This is more a result of the crazy growth, but challenging regardless
Some huge, out-of-control egos in management, especially at the middle layers. Couple that with the general immaturity of the company and you'll see some very poor judgement and "Game of Thrones" style politics in a few departments.  Average tenure of a staff engineer is about 4 years - mostly because after the initial stock grants vest there is near zero incentive for anyone under a Director level to stay any longer.  Culture creates and fosters entitled whiners - so much so that it is a running joke inside the company, with groups such as "Patently Absurd Requests for Facebook Offices" making fun of it all. But then again, this company is largely made up of the "participation trophy" generation, who have been told they were super-special since they were born. Being hired by Facebook amplifies that self-esteem level well beyond eleven.  It is never spoken about, but staff turnover is huge. The washout rate of n00bs is likely around 40%. Truly talented staff move around, so team continuity is rare.  Zero work-life balance - unless you happen to have a kid while working there.
I live in SF and the commute everyday kills it
- Stress: The company likes to run slim. As mentioned in the pros above, this means you're always working on impactful projects, but it also means your team is understaffed and you may have to work some nights and weekends to get stuff done (though definitely not as bad as the previous strartup I worked for). The more teams you work with, the worse this can get, since some people love to load up on meetings during the day.  Egos: There are some people who are really full of themselves and difficult to work with. This happens anywhere I've been, but there's a special brand of self-importance among some folks here. Fortunately, I've never had to work too closely with these people, but they make their presence known.
Often tone-deaf to real-world (non-SV) problems, undergoing significant growing pains, lots of outside hires for upper management positions, increasing eng/non-eng/sales splits
It can be hard to keep up with all of the information and changes. It can also be hard to wrap your head around the sheer scale of what we do and how fast things are growing.
Management tends to over complicate things. A lot more layers of management then when I first started two years ago.
Expectation to always be online and responsive even after hours. People work hard, and quick release cycles mean you're always very busy
- very hands off management approach (some might like this) - frequent reorganizations (maybe due to frequent manager changes because of growth) - lacking a diverse workforce (although this is changing)
The bar is very high, so at times it can be quite stressful keeping up.
I have to carefully manage my time. I don't like to think of it as work/life balance because that's not realistic but work/life integration is very achievable and something I constantly have to work at.
WAY to many layers of management and career path is not clear. The culture is also sink or swim which given the caliber of person they bring in and how many people they have to pick from, is crazy. why would you bring in that level of talent and then let her/him flounder? The young, cocky culture makes for a political one. Engineering rules the roost and sales teams are made up of people so young and inexperienced it is laughable.
If you want to devote 50+ hrs a week to helping your Aunt Ginny post photos of her cat all so that Frito Lay can sell more Cheetos, then it's where you need to be. Nothing more than a sophisticated digital billboard slinging crap we don't need. Working at Facebook is like shoving a handful of Jolly Ranchers in your mouth while drinking orange soda, sickeningly sweet and eventually regrettable.
As the title says, FB is not for everybody IMO. The recent set of 1-star ratings list pretty much all the things that made me leave: questionable work-life-balance, no planning/structure, arrogant/ignorant coworkers, every man for himself/every woman for herself, cliques, political, inept managers, poor communication/rumor mill/back-stabbing, no teamwork, management by attention-deficit disorder.  The work-life-balance issue goes beyond the mere hours: it is expected that you become FB friends with all your coworkers, managers, etc. FB makes it impossible for the realm of your private life to remain separate from your workplace and coworkers. This wasn't working for me, but I recognize that for others this isn't an issue.  It seemed to me that much that is broken at FB is perpetuated by the in-clique and in fact gets sold as the great achievements of FB's unique culture.
Work life balance fell through the cracks
- Employees stretched too thin - Startup-like culture has been diminished almost completely
Work life balance is not so good due to the competition.
High pressure environment, people work too much
- middle management was not very competent
Politics entered the company when it reached a certain scale. Bigger teams were more difficult to ship work as fast as it used to.
All consuming, easy for overachievers to burn out, some clueless people have snuck in over the past couple of years and we are less prone to firing them as we were in the past.
In downtown so the commute is a long time.
My job is so fulfilling that I find myself having to strategically seek my work-life integration.
- A lot is still being figured out, teams are frequently re-organized, and people come and go frequently - You have to make your own way, not a lot of training or managerial support
The work environment is pretty great. If commuting from SF, that can be tough but taking the busses are much better than having to drive.
The company is getting larger and doesn't feel like a startup anymore.
Not a huge con, but the mission and energy can take over and have you spending all hours on the job. You have to either possess or quickly gain time management skills. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it's the closest thing to a con I can think of at fb.
Bad work / life balance - you better be jusr out of college with no wife/husband/partner, nor any children. They do not know how to deal with senior people. Managers are just employees who do more work, they do not have time or the need to help out. I have seen a few people get thrown under the bus by the boss - why defend your team when Menlo Parks complains because they do not know what you are doing, fix another task and get new employees.
* Too much mobility. Constant flux * Too much operational overhead at times
Very difficult work environment - extremely political, it combines many of the worst elements of a startup (uncertainty, lack of structure, cult-like worship of leaders) and a big company (hierarchical, hard to advance, lack of trust and needless internal competition). Large amounts of nepotism around promotions. A general culture of fear - middle management is terrified of senior management. While very smart, your colleagues will also be extremely arrogant and willing to do anything to get noticed/promoted. In general, this is not a place to go to make friends or feel like you're working together as part of a team.
I really dont have any cons.
Because you work with such smart people, it can be a little intimidating at times. Work/life balance can sometimes be hard to manage given time-sensitive projects and issues.
No slacking off allowed! Teams run lean and move fast. Despite how young the company is overall, there still seems to be an age bias for older, more experienced employees, rather than more impactful employees, regarding recognition and promotions. At least in Finance.
If I had to complain about anything at Facebook it would be my commute from San Francisco. Note that they offer a terrific shuttle service however being on the road that long everyday eventually wears on you. Once you're on campus, it's all good though!
- None at the moment
Working hard, long hours... if you like what you do - it is fun. Otherwise - not so much!
crazy atmosphere, crowded desks, too much candy
- You often have to do crazy amount of work in a very short time - Not a startup anymore: You can't get super rich while waiting for some IPO. The stock value still grows, but already quite expensive.
The commute to Menlo Park Occasional Politics
Guidance is slight, and you have to convince people to ship things after you've already built them, not before. It's a difficult thing to get used to.
The conditions are too good so I want to come back.
Work / life balance is a bit off here especially if you live in the city. The perks are great but the expectation is to stay at the office for ridiculous hours. Also, as the company has grown so have the politics.
- It's growing big rapidly, and new rung of leadership is not always clued into "Facebook" culture and style - Many teams still bias towards personalities - it matters who you know at Facebook
Engineering isn't as advanced as Google (owing to very young age and inexperience of workers), You can find messy code if you look in the nooks and crannies.
well, not as many offices as Google has
Hack is the culture. If you are not really the "hacky" type, you might not feel at home.
As the company grows the culture changes a little which is expected but the politics in certain areas has gotten to be unbearable.
- bigger company nowadays - engineers outshine all
Frequent management and org changes
everyone focuses on immediate impact. this can prove to be a bane in the long run, if one does not occasionally stop, slow down to pay the technical debt
Work life balance, or lack thereof. This will depend on your team. There are teams that work long hours and weekends just because they love what they do, or they want to meet a deadline, etc. It can be difficult to have work life balance with smaller teams, but it can be easier to control with a larger team. There are a handful of negative people at the company that look down on interns or new hires even though they themselves just started a few months ago. Some people get very sensitive about the products they own, even if they are just internal tools, and are surprisingly very unopened to criticism. In the end, it's about the money. If a product is doing very well, there will be a huge hiring push, which can be overwhelming at times.
* I feel like an imposter, which doesn't have a positive effect on my work-life balance * the gym is quite small (& no sand volleyball court)
Loose some sharpness in execution when team gets bigger
- the only downside is that most teams have oncall rotations, some of which can be pretty intense with calls in the middle of the night and weekends
too crowded, need to valet parking The location isn't ideal. It's kind of a not-so-nice part of town. Many people commute an hour each way, since they don't want to live in the area.
Customer service needs work, moves to fast will little warning and not very transparent with customers.
In many teams, the manager is the czar who is powerful to control everything, of course including the performance review. Be careful, don't annoy the manager, otherwise, you will be very painful no matter how good your performance is.
Company is becoming bigger and bigger. There are more and more so called big-company problems, e.g., too many meetings, people hanging around doing nothing and so on. If you like a start-up environment, Facebook is not a startup anymore.
Growing pains - growth is so fast that it is hard to maintain culture and knowledge. Messy code base and obscure/obsolete technologies. It is not uncommon for teams to be made mostly (or entirely!) from employees with under 1yr of experience which slows everything down. With all the perks and fun, it's still a job. Some people forget that.
i was almost murdered 5 times
Growing fairly large, starting to lose some aspects of culture, becoming more formalized, structure being added to day-to-day environment, easy to let work life balance go in the wrong direction.
Nothing comes to mind right now.
Technical Program Managers are very mixed.
I really love everything about Facebook.
There are no cons too working at Facebook inc.
Sometimes a little too laid back
Due to emphasis on promoting managers from individual contributors some managers are not great at people management. Because of the limited top-down management sometimes you end up in tech debt that might've been avoided. Facebook is not really set up for employees with families, although they are getting better. Someone is always smarter than you...
None that I can think of.
If you're a manager, this place will drive you nuts. Employees are snarky, entitled, and disrespectful brats. They have no concept of critical thinking or any desire to do real work.  Unlimited sick days in the hands of overpaid children is impossible to manage, my team would somehow always manage to catch a "cold" on Fridays and Mondays. (Interesting that they would Tweet and post about their weekend party binges though.)  While Facebook does a great job recruiting Ivy League talent, I was underwhelmed by the level of intelligence of "Facebookers." They are so busy congratulating themselves on being "awesome" that they never stop to consider they didn't have any real world work experience to back that assertion up. It's really hard to manage and lead people who "know it all."  Kitchy inspirational posters everywhere you look. "Be Bold!" "Dare Greatly!" Yet, I didn't see any substantive work or product coming out of anyone, which makes sense since Facebook really is just a glorified website - users are the product.  Communication is an absolute nightmare. You are forced to "friend" everyone you work with and join an incessant amount of internal group pages where you had to filter through all the BS people would post (memes, YouTube videos, snarky hipster comments…clearly these people didn't have enough work to do) to get to any relevant work related information you needed to know for your job. I actually thought I was going to get dumber working there.  Meetings - the sheer volume was mind bending. None of them critical to doing actual work, more self congratulating on unearned awesomeness. Being social at Facebook was far more important than doing anything meaningful while you were there.  Anyone serious about doing meaningful work need not apply. You'll make it a few months and then quit out of frustration.
Though not the fault of anyone, really, there are too few hours in the day. Almost everyone is younger than me.
If you are looking for cubical or office type privacy this place is not for you. If you like to keep your personal and professional life, that doesn't happen much here. Expectation is that if you are here, you are here to do things in your life that you love and there is no keeping that separate from your personal life.
Too many benefits. Sometimes seems like the unique evaluation system based on "impact" is too subjective.
With everyone switching teams all the time there is often a lot of lost tribal knowledge. So there's parts of the codebase that no one understands anymore.  Since the Great Shift to Mobile there's been a focus on quality at the expense of moving fast. I really liked the Move Fast and Break Things mentality of Facebook when I joined, and though people disagree with me, I prefer it to the "don't ship it until it's perfect" mentality (I think many of the independent Facebook apps waited too long to launch).  Another thing that no one will agree with me on is the work-life balance. I have noticed a trend of people working less, hackathons running during the day, etc. I think your average employee is less driven and moves slower than a few years ago. This used to be a place where people were obsessed with shipping above all else. It isn't that anymore. This is a pro for some people but not for me. I'm giving it a 5 because I think it's good for your life, not because I agree with that balance.
The promoted culture and company values are not always followed, having negative impact on performance reviews and promotions.
sometimes too demanding, no life half of work life balance. Its a driven and competitive culture the person sitting next to you doing 12 hours days and weekends will get ahead faster. The bar is high the demands are high and there are no rewards for failure. Doing the same thing this year that you did last year is considered failure. Its not a good place for folks with lives and kids out side of work. The review system can be the worst with nepotistic back scratching in an echo chamber.
As it is probably the case with most US tech companies, people tend to work a lot and it kinda creates stress for ones that want to have a personal life as well.
- work hard/play hard is a great 'equation' to live by, at Facebook sometimes you'll end up just working hard (there is just way too much work!). You'll catch up on partying too...but be prepared to give your 150%!
chaotic at times, growing pains, hard to keep up, more emphasis on individual contributions than strong management
- Lots of work - Takes time to learn how to work at Facebook - Your career is in your hands
With all perks you get, some people loose themselves and forget to do their job - that's a quick way to get fired. Not a good place if you don't like changes/learning new stuff all the time.
- The product is used worldwide and you can break things worldwide which is stressful
promotion process unclear, becoming political, no real freedom of speech, not so great work/life balance
Company culture is broken. Office leadership is broken. Work is not challenging or interesting.
Loss time wen is raising
No one outside of this company knows how amazing this is. One of the biggest flaws I believe. I try to explain our values to outsiders and they don't believe me. You try to look them up on the internet and you won't find them. It's almost to the point of ridiculousness. I would love for this to be fixed and I sure hope it does!
The other "G" giant has a few more extra perks that are nicer, but you can live without them. Growing very fast. Hoping quality does not deteriorate but things can get messy.
There are tons of resources for training and leadership here, but often not enough time to take advantage of everything that is offered.
Depending upon your role, you can find your growth options limiting.  The "work hard" half of the ethos can really burn some people out. (then again, I guess the "play hard" side could do the same...)  There is a bit of an entitlement mentality among some people there, but leadership and others try to stamp that out.
None really. It's all good.
Sometimes it can be frustrating when you want to work on something, but have to prioritize something else that's higher impact. Luckily my manager works with me to ensure that I always have some time allocated to what I'm passionate about.
Basically I find it hard to complain about Facebook. Although I heard someone complained about the work/life balance, I really feel at ease about it and it depends on the team you're working on.
It can be hard to disconnect since I use Facebook a lot outside of work as well. Also, there is no set plan for any career here
Work can get pretty hectic and sometimes the work-life balance is skewed too much towards work. Compensation is solid but the cost of living in California is crazy.
The only challenge is nearby housing. But Facebook provides shuttles and such.
No time of an needed
With great power comes great responsibility. Sometimes you need thick skin to work on user-facing things.
Long hours away from home, due to my own commute situation and long working hours. But since I've only been here less than a year, it's important to show results early. The learning curve is steep and the bar is set very high, so it will be easy to separate the productive from the not-very-productive in a short timeline.
Hours can be long, but hey, you don't change the world by resting.
The company is growing in a fast peace and it may become harder and harder to keep the culture and values and each and every employee satisfied. But hey, if we did not grow, I would not be here either.
With so much going on and things moving so fast, you need to figure out how to find your focus, take ownership and execute.
None yet. My work life balance on my own was never that consistent. I would work really hard some days, and not do much the other days. I still follow that pattern.
As a company grows, it faces many challenges in scaling its workforce include re-structures. Facebook is not immune to this.
It's hard work, there isn't acceptance for slacking off. We can come across as cocky but the products and results just speak for themselves.
I have many but I'll keep this short. I'd say the biggest problem is the recruiting managment and also the lack of growth opportunities.
Company is growing and hopefully the culture will remain the same.
I haven't seen one yet.
It's very easy to feel intimidated and see others doing better than you. Maybe it's just the initial phase of getting used to things though, so I think I will see how it goes.
- Lots of work to do - Can be intense + challenging
Getting bigger. Remote offices not as much as fun as headquarters in menlo park.
- If you really want to set yourself apart, know that you are probably working with some of the brightest in the industry. You better be on top of your game :-)
The Revenue org is the worst. There is a total lack of transparency, which is different that the Eng and Design orgs.  They say it's easy to transfer, but it's hard to find a role if you aren't a specialist.
Already IPO, not gonna make you a lot of money
Not really a con but it's a place to do some hard work and get stuff done. The technical bar being as high as it is, the engineering teams are usually short staffed and some pressure builds up.
This company moves to fast that it is sometimes hard to keep up with all the changes and how it may affect what your responsibilities.
Demanding job if you want to advance, requires long hours.
Getting bigger (Google size), so obviously if you are looking for startup-ish growth, go elsewhere.
As company grows they are trying to cut costs, objectives are unrealistically set, bonuses and promotions are considerably lower. If you work here on visa, pay increases and promotions are slowed down even more. Mid management gets packed with responsibilities, the individual contribution is no longer relevant, the general philosophy seems to be "it's normal for people to leave the company" and that happens regularly after every performance cycle or stock vesting time. To counterbalance this, company seems to brainwash employees with slogans, posters are everywhere around the office to make "the culture", many company employees believe and talk with slogans. Life/work balance is simply set to "no life". I've seen managers complain if someone takes more than one week off in a row, or making jokes about family duties the first day someone returns from parental leave.
The atmosphere is not exactly the most professional, but I suppose that makes sense as it does fit the overall vibe of Austin.
Your life inside and outside of work will likely become blended. This may be okay. Many people at the company have become my friends.
The reward structure is becoming increasingly political.
Work is always abundant and there is a chaotic atmosphere The feel is always "do it right now" People are under a lot of pressure to get things done Atmosphere can be impersonal because you're so "hooked in" to everyone else electronically, that you can work from home very easily
The compensation was a bit lower than I felt it should have been.
Open plan offices can get noisy/crowded. Everyone has headphones.
Can't really complain about anything
Gotta be REALLY careful with data. Despite what you see on Facebook, there is nothing that Facebook is more concerned about than protecting its users' data. People "disappear" from time to time, and the reason is usually that someone *&(^ed up and did something with data that they shouldn't have, whether accidentally or intentionally.
Depending on site, it can be pretty boring
Career paths not very well defined. My interactions with the executive team have been incredibly positive and inspiring. Unfortunately, I've met many director/VPs who tend to be bro-ish and/or cocky.
Hard to manage the work/life balance, hard to keep pace with everything happening since the company is getting larger and larger
Facebook is still in its teenage years of development. While many HR processes & policies are mature (the hiring process is best I've seen), fraternization is overlooked (aka sex between coworkers, sometimes even in the office itself) and relationships within chain of command are accepted/overlooked - yet don't dare say "pimp my ride" in an open space as you will get your hands slapped.
Workload can be heavy and gruelling for some people
Work/life balance not great, overarching "connect the world" goal pretty consistent and clear, but specific direction is often lacking and/or inconsistent.
Management lacking in leadership and communication. Blamed is passed down to front line employee's. Very poor work life balance. Half the department left due to politics.
I joined Facebook a few years ago because of the agility of the engineering team. Back then, it was true. Today, not as much. - Most projects fail due to over-complication and over-engineering - Smart people are hampered by large inflexible codebase - Very hype-based culture (thing x is the new hotness, everyone on board!) - Most of the code is old and not owned by anyone, yet still in production - Most work is very mundane and not very exciting
You can have to watch your own personal career path closely. FB managers are young people and not all of them are good at grow people. Some of the managers are great but you need to work on your part hardly.
The work schedule is pretty intense. Nice thing is that everyone works really hard here. So you don't feel like you're in it on your own. But you definitely have to work pretty hard here.
I think it says a lot that I can't think of a lot of cons. AND I'm planning to leave the company this year.  -There are a lot of egos here. Definitely not representative of everyone, but some people slip through the cracks and it can be a drain working with them. -The company is starting to feel really big. It's getting harder and harder to do anything very different as you have to convince more and more people that this is a good idea. -If you're living in SF, then the location is pretty inconvenient. That and you'll just shove all your free FB swag in a drawer and never look at it again with all the tech protests lately. You can stand out on your team and do a great job at FB, or have a life outside of work. Choose one. I chose the former for too long, and now need to reprioritize.
I never had any complaints while I was there.
Miss the small company atmosphere of knowing everyone and getting down and dirty on multiple projects at once.
No cons, this company was great to work with.
Depending on department, there are a lot of cliques. Being close friends with employees in the company is definitely a huge plus to advance in the company.
Moving fast doesn't always mean doing it right - While you're pretty much allowed to try anything, as a large company, we should slow down and mature some of the processes in order to maintain a high quality of shipped products as opposed to letting the culture of "fail fast" cause duplicate work.
Some code is messy (but a lot isn't). The branding could use some love.
They do claim ownership of code you write outside of work, unless you run it by legal first.
The focus on measuring means anything that can't be measured is ignored. It's easy to measure someone's ability to code on a whiteboard. As a result, the coders are much better than nearly everywhere I've worked, but that's it. Social skills and personality can't be measured. As a result there is no one here you would ever be friends. The internal surveys bear this point that people don't have friends at work. Similarly for managers, they are selected strictly for their technical ability. Again, they have zero compassion. In my time being here, I've never once felt like anyone cared if I was here or not. Not once has anything positive ever been said. It's really astounding.  Recruiting does an amazing job at making candidates feel wanted. That feeling disappears the moment you sign. After that, you have no manager or anyone who will care. You'll go into bootcamp where you'll have a "mentor". His role is to continue to do his job while counting the number of lines in your diffs to make sure you can make progress with no assistance.  After bootcamp, you'll have a manager who operates in the same mode. They are interested in the technology and not the people. To them, you are a resource to be maximized. They will tell you everything you need to do to improve, but never once say "good job". In boot camp, I kept meeting these amazing, visionary dynamic managers. I know realize they were the exception. Those people made me love Facebook during bootcamp, but that feeling wore off quickly once I interacted with the average line level manager.  Plus, beware of the reviews here. Recruiting will tell you point blank that they curate these reviews. The reason FB has the highest rating is because someone internally has a goal to achieve certain star ratings on this site.
repetetive work, cult-ish, but only if you feel that way,
- Work-life balance almost 0 on weekdays! I spend the entire day working/thinking about work. But that is what I was looking for. Weekends are upto you - most people do not work. - Lots of process changes in short periods of time - so you are constantly climbing the learning curve. But this maybe specific to the product I work on.
Can be a little haphazad. Managers are promoted in-house, and sometimes they can be inexperienced or not very good. Timelines can be aggressive.
Being on-call and dealing with lots of product uncertainty. Long commute if you live in SF. Work-life balance tends to steer toward work.
The company has grown a lot and with that came politics and an unusual (at least for me) level of competitiveness amongst colleagues. Constant re-orgs make it a little difficult to grow, as you end up changing managers all the time and you role changes as well. The advertising product is far from stable and they keep changing everything all the time, which confuses the team and the marketplace (and makes the sales process more challenging).
not that many significant cons
Doesn't have an office in San Francisco.
getting to large to execute on creative ideas
The commute was very long
The company is growing big really fast. If you aren't in product teams, it's hard to get much love and as the size increases this is more apparent. It's not a small company anymore and over the time I was here, I have seen the start up culture slowly mature.
Turning corporate, need to know the right people, holier than thou attitudes, veteran employees talking about their money and yachts, culture and communication is breaking down (Move fast and fix things), useless spending on parties/shirts/ice cream shop/laundry/etc just to keep young employees feeling like they are still in undergrad, Nepotism!!!
Long Hours and some times you cant balance work and your personal life.
u ve to be really really fast to catch up with the pace .
lack of future innovations energy, and food
- Engineering management runs the show -- you need to suck up to them to succeed, and if you dare disagree, prepare to leave - Poor quality management -- many are set there by level and for being smart technically, but aren't good people and career managers - Terrible work/life balance unless you actively set barriers and don't do some things - Sloppy coding -- hacking is more prized than good structure and elegance - A bit overly full of itself and entitled
Less work life management , Over work ,
Facebook could have been a great place to work, had it not been for the management in certain departments. When half of the people in your group quit, because they couldn't work for the new management, there is a problem. Yet upper management seemed to not notice this.  There is no work/life balance at Facebook. Good luck getting time off, as you don't have time to leave your desk to take a vacation or have a day off, and don't have backups to support you, so if you do get a day off, your desk is piled with the work that didn't get done when you were gone.
Can't think of any bad things on my company...
Lots of boring problems to solve.
Constant change, media underdog, weak lower management
too many good food, you have to control your mouse from gaining too much weight, it is IPO so not much change to getting rich
-Work/life balance.  -The technical bar for managers is very high, which means a lot of them aren't actually very good managers.  -Perf evaluations are about impact, and that basically means glory laden projects. Don't count on your manager, you need to make it rain.
So far, zero. I work in a medium sized office, and I have a hard time coming up with any significant con to list.
Advancements in career tend to promote building new systems over advancement of existing systems.
Would have been really really cool to join six years ago when they were really small but they're still growing super fast.
Sometimes we're less organized than the other, more hierarchical companies (it's a part of the company culture of moving fast).
- Can be very messy - Limited career opportunities outside of sales - Extreme differences in perks and compensation between HQ and international offices - High workload not matched by compensation
- Too much free food
There are some warts such as certain managers and technologies, but far less than any other company and they tend to get dealt with.
Some natural growing pains as we move from small to medium sized company, but overall handling the transition pretty well.
It is hiring a bit too fast
No lecture about the how career development goes.
None that come to my mind.
The only downside I have experienced is the office location, nothing with the company itself. It's out of the way and nothing around the campus.
- tax :'( (well it's everybody's problem. But I heard some startup give you salary, tax-less) - got some problem with HR regarding compensation. But it was my mistake for being too late.
management heavy company poised for growth
Best place to work, nothing better exists out there. That's it.
People tend to want to tell you about how they hate facebook or how they don't use it because "xyz" when they find out you work there. I've just started telling people I work at the NSA spying on their porn browsing habits.  The other major con is Zuck never responded to my friend request. I feel so rejected.  I do wish they had a daycare..
Other than the commute from San Francisco I haven't found any.
I frequently take a moment to consider what I would want to improve at Facebook, and I never come up with anything. I could see how if you were somebody who really needed structure and direction, you could get frustrated. Facebook strongly encourages engineers to try working on new things every so often so that you're always learning, and also expects autonomy.
production team was too revenue driven and built a lot of crappy code.
Now grasping that last nth of efficiency.
1. Product teams are too obsessed with gathering likes rather than adding value to the social network. 2. Sometimes overly optimistic about certain products. 3. HR is on the slower side. 4. Food/cafes are crappy compared to other cos in the Bay Area.
The employees are tough, and even harsh at times. There isn't a lot of hand holding or pats on the back, and being critical and outspoken is rewarded almost all the time. This can get exhausting.
can't think of any at the moment
Politics and poor leadership in the mid-management levels. Many mediocre co-workers that can't pull their weight.
it's becoming more like a big company now
The food! Too much free food!!! - not really a complaint
- Expanding rapidly, so it could lose some of the "startup" feel
- learning might get skewed towards internal tools, FB-specific libraries of popular languages, etc - a little chance of learning about the complete stack, more likely to work on a particular component of a bigger project/product
Slowly starting to get more corporate as more "upper management" people join from other firms and try to change the startup culture.
Time - There are amazing perks like really quality free food all the time, a gym on campus with a basketball court and large playing field, shuttles to SF and surrounding areas but I often find my coworkers and I spend less time on that fun stuff that you might expect. There's just so much work opportunity because you are expected to be driving on projects rather than just doing what you are told so you could theoretically work all the time and its up to you to stop that. Company maturity - Like all fast growing companies, there is a natural curiosity around "how much better would things be for me if I had joined earlier?" because there would have been ever more responsibility and financial potential. Both of those things are still really high but it does raise the natural question of it would make sense to gain the skill sets to understand what makes Facebook work and then consider working somewhere smaller with more financial upside.
From what I've seen in my time on multiple teams here, managers come in from different companies, take over teams, hire their own friends primarily from their previous companies, and then give the promotions to those people in a very short time. You may spend years hearing praise for the work you do, but it's never backed up with promotions. Also, this is not a good place to work if you are at all introverted, value family life more than work life, or prefer to work a normal person's schedule. If you are in a non-technical role, you also have little chance of seeing any kind of career advancement. Large divide in pay between people on the same teams and little transparency into the payment and growth processes.  Additionally, most employees share a highly liberal political stance, which drives the culture in a mostly positive way, but it also requires that everyone agrees with the mindset. Those that have differing values can expect to feel ostracized.  Finally, the treatment of vendors and contractors (including facilities staff, janitors, kitchen staff, security guards, and receptionists, among others) by employees can be staggeringly disappointing, embarrassing, and offensive. There is so much of a sense of entitlement upon employees that many seem to view others as second-class citizens.
Tools and APIs change, and old systems are actually deprecated and removed, so part of the process of moving forward goes toward staying in place
Sometimes feels like being in high school or college because a lot of employees are cliquey, immature and right out of college. Very hard to move up and favoritism on certain teams.
Work/life balance is great at Facebook, IF your entire life is Facebook. The lines begin to blur fairly early on between personal and work. This probably isn't a problem for the majority of early 20 somethings working at FB, but I found it challenging as a 30 something with kids.
If you are a CONTRACTOR you will be treated like a second class citizen, you will have no voice. Will not be considered for advancement, even if there are positions available. Actual employees work less than the contractors. FB hires contractors to do work that will be constantly needed, front desk, kitchen staff, IT Help Desk to name a few. It's as if they don't want the "help" to be officially apart of their team. The FB you see online is not the same as in the office.
less promotion and severe competition
Long hours, lots of red tape, too many meetings.
Engineers get the most priority and respect.
the work is so interesting it can become difficult to disconnect
Can't think of anything here.
ok, so it's not in downtown san francisco. that's really because i have to say something here.
1. No career growth and lack of internal career paths 2. Low compensation 3. Lots of politics within the company (many ex-Yahoos and AOL employees are in management) 4. Bad culture and habits brought in from ex-Yahoos and AOL employees are making a big negative impact on culture and morale at the company 5. Mark Zuckerberg, aka Zuck has received good ratings in the past but of late he has been very distracted and not focused on how the company is run internally, he should own it and step up by making management changes to course correct the ship before it becomes another AOL.
Constant inflow into upper management chain from other companies, so harder to move up the ladder if you're not on a crucial project.
Food, definitely. It's so good and available so easily you can gain a stone or two quite quickly.
The usual scaling issues with companies in this stage of growth. Luckily we have a great culture, but sometimes it's hard to manage the expectations of your role and prioritize important projects.
Sometimes it is moving too fast. The food in cafe can be better, but the snacks in micro-kitten are really good.
- no 401(k) matching, - some teams work around the clock, - things are constantly changing in the development process, - preference for "generalists", who know a little bit of everything and nothing particularly well, it might be hard for "specialists" to find a good team that favors depth vs breadth
Hard core environment, if you don't deal well with extra responsibility and require strong leadership instead of autonomy you probably won't have the best time
Grueling hours Rude management Angry colleagues who are disillusioned with the company
I don't like the dining here and I can't bring dogs to work.
This job can keep you busy, but if you love what you do that's not necessarily a downside.
If you're not careful, it's very easy to get sucked into the work (as you're usually doing what you like and want), pull crazy hours and burn out, good managers can detect that in advance and prevent it.
Overwhelming amount of options available.
They say they're chaotic. IMO, it's a too fancy word for that. I would say that the code-base is a mess. The corporate value "move fast and break things" is understood too literally by some engineers. That's why the product is very unstable and the UI beyond two most frequently used pages is clunky. The job is boring. Things gets done extremely slow and the quality is very far from being perfect. Too much of narcissism (we're building an awesome product, we provide really sick user experience, we're ninjas, batmans and supermans etc. etc. etc.). Maybe it's good for some people, but not for me.
busy life and rigorous setting and much more
I don't see any cons yet. Everything is pretty cool. If you don't like what you are doing you can easily switch to another team, which is encouraged to ensure people are doing what they are best at.
Sometimes, people compete too much internally, which could be put stress on some people. The infrastructure still needs some work to be more robust.
Relatively understaffed which means you have more responsibility and ability to define your work but longer hours Facebook starting to grow and increase its level of bureaucracy although it is still limited
They should recruit from every society. Thr is hardly anything that I will be able to say against them.
-- Some departments fail to hire for culture fit -- Need to weed out some unfit people managers
- Could be better organized, duplicate or abandoned work is not uncommon - Little focus on longer term research - Work is intense, work/life balance achievable but not easy
The proactivity and independence are required to stay on track and focussed in such an understaffed and fast moving company.
You must know how to be self-directed
In moving fast, process is sometimes disregarded. You have to assert yourself to make your role work because everyone else is too busy and driven to hold your hand.
Salaries are low. People are mainly driven by passion here, but once they reach a certain skill level they leave.
While the site (in Menlo Park) is really nice, its difficult to get to - from almost anywhere. I hate my commute.
Family work life balance can be a little tough for people with actual family. Open table work environment can be counter-productive for engineers. Too much noise and visual distraction is quite negative for a positive work flow. Seems to suit new college graduates since it looks more like college computer lab and a mature/productive workplace design.
Mostly due to the speed that Facebook moves, we tend to accumulate a lot of technical debt. This debt is allowed to lay dormant until it becomes a major problem and then is addressed. I wish we could do more to address this technical debt before it became a problem.
Somewhat stressful environment at times.
share price is bit down from the IPO. some folks consider this a con, even thought it is actually ok
Not as much opportunity for [company] growth as what you'd get at a startup.
I really can't think of any cons, as it's been a great ride since I joined earlier this year.
Most current work has a <6 month horizon.
- Nothing I can really think of
Its easy to get rapped up in the work since its engaging.
The work life balance at fb isn't very good. It's a good place for recent grads and people without kids though. Some HR policies seem ridiculous. Product and infra aren't treated equally IMHO.
getting fat from the free food have to work hard, not for someone who wants to coast
Facebook gives you hard time when it comes to working time, you need to put in a lot of efforts as a lot of responsibilities will be on you, so it will be tough
- We don't do a great job of setting goals for the team - Most of the company have no idea the work we put in to keep the site up and reliable everyday
There are still a lot of bugs in the code base. Some employees are quite harsh in their review of other people's work, but I'm willing to write this off to people wanting everyone else to be excellent.
The commute from SF is a bummer, but I agree with not having an office up there.
The pace can be exhausting. It can be very stressful. You have to get used to all the media attention and mudslinging.
no 20% time legacy code can be a little patchy in places
Hard to find any. The commute is a pain when I have to drive, but free shuttles and free Caltrain with 3G/4G cards mean I have alternatives that allow me to be productive instead of twiddling my thumbs in traffic.
Working at a really fast pace also means you're forced to make sacrifices in order to get a product out the door.
_Can be hard to manage work/life balance sometimes, but that's mostly because there isn't enough time in the workday to work on everything I want to work on...
Work / Life balance: If you want to spend most of your time with your family, and work is just a job to you look elsewhere. No one keeps track of your time, but if you want to do well here you'll spend a lot of your free time thinking about the problems you're tackling.
The biggest downside is the double-edged sword of Facebook's culture. It's easy to get lost in the whirlwind of cool stuff, great perks and exciting smart people and forget to get something done. For those cranking away, the intentional self-exploration (hackathons, etc) can result in the occasional duplicated work or dead-ends. You can't say we won't take risks and try new things, instead you could say this might happen a little too much. Also, Facebook is a pretty constant target of the media for both good and bad news. This can be a bit trying when you just want to get your job done and your friends and family are bugging you about the latest features added (or not added).
-A lot of work. No lie, people expect a lot out of you and you will work hard. It'll be challenging problems with no clear solutions because people haven't operated at this scale before. -Leadership visibility. You will be in meetings with the senior leaders about day-to-day matters.
Too much ambiguity. if you are someone that expects to be told what to work on and what needs to be done, this ain't the place for you.
We don't really do april fools jokes which is kind of a bummer.  There are some dragons in the code base, and they breath fire.
- Work/life balance can be tough, depending on the team. This is up to personal preference though, and many teams (especially those in infrastructure) have more stable projects. - Coasting doesn't work here, you always have to be actively improving and not rest on laurels
People generally work very hard. This is by choice (people are generally excited about what they are working on and trying to ship stuff quickly) but it does mean that there's a fair amount of peer pressure to work hard and it's easy to feel like there's always a little bit more that you could be doing.
culture is different in support functions versus Engineering and the business
You have to be aggressive and an entrepreneurial self starter to be recognized here. Either that or you need a boss / advocate that will do this for you. Actions speak louder than words so you have to be comfortable with doing rather than talking.
- Work environment can be a bit unstructured - We move too fast sometimes and break a few things in the process
Too much of free food makes you more and more fat :(
The speed at which things move here can be daunting for the uninitiated, but if you've been at top tier companies before, it's nothing unique. Just do your research and know what you are getting into. There is a lot of work, and a lot of reward to be had, but only if you reach for it.
Changing the world is hard work, but everyone really believes in what we are doing which makes it fun at the same time
- None I can think of at the moment
Facebook outside MPK is not as great. The remote locations don't have the same range of perks and won't be as great to work for.
- Being 7 months new, I am still in the process of thinking of areas of improvement.
It's difficult to come up with meaningful downsides to working here. We move very fast, so I don't always have time to be a perfectionist (but in general that's a good thing). Our codebase is huge and it can be difficult to find documentation.
If you're used to a cruisy corporate job, this is not the place for you
As we grow, the company is getting more hierarchical Very easy to let it become your whole life (not that you'd necessarily be unhappy)
People are too good and you feel peer pressure in terms of trying to survive from a company where many of the people enjoy and love what they do and are full of passion.
* Each engineer has tons of responsibility. This can honestly be stressful sometimes as you're on point for keeping it all running * I live in the city and, while the commuter shuttles (with wifi) make commuting about as bearable as it possibly can be, it's still less than ideal to have about an hour between work and home.
- Work/Life balance - Not much pre-tax benefit
I don't have cons to share at the moment.
I cant think of any except for one compared to smaller startups. The low hanging fruit on the infrastrucure side is pretty much all gone now, so to make improvements/impact takes a lot of time, hard work and requires you to go very deep into one particular aspect.
- none, really - there are a couple of old timer employees here and there who're no longer effective/productive because the growth of the company has outstripped their abilities. This leads to a couple of oddities in some parts of the company. It's pretty rare though, and not a major problem.
Not enough people - there are things that should get done, but there's no one to do them. Meetings - most of my days are interrupted by a meeting or two.
* fast company growth can be turbulent in areas where the company has not figured out how it wants to handle it
Some of the managers aren't very good. I think we could do better at manager training. Working with amazing people means that you may not stand out as much as you would at a less awesome company. The culture can be uber aggressive. Some people take that to the point of being mean. Managers don't care if engineers are huge jerks, as long as they are good.
Code quality and testing could be better, and the organization is a bit chaotic at times. Not a good organization if you like to be hand-held.
Not really a con but a tradeoff for moving fast: lack of documentation
Flexible hours means that you can work from anywhere, anytime. Your peers will do it and you will feel the pressure to do the same. Everything moves fast which is good, but creates also a lot of trash. Facebook is always in beta.
Menlo park HQ sometimes smells with the aroma of the salt flats
High workload mean that you have to be pretty motivated to enjoy it. On the flip side that's mostly self-driven - I certainly end up working a lot not because I'm pushed to but because I want to see my project succeed.
It's a fast moving company which means that it can be hard to unplug outside of taking actual vacations. I've not found a feeling of it being difficult to take vacations but you definitely need to be conscious of making it happen for yourself.
* You're expected to work hard. I'd also leave the company if this expectation went away.
- Competitive environment - Sharp drop-off in compensation for new employees - The focus on moving fast often means that the company spends a lot of time going backwards or iterating. This can be frustrating or exhilarating depending on whether you see the iterations as unprincipled or a necessary component of shaping a product that a billion people find useful.
- Don't like the area around campus - Wall art could be better
I can't think of any significant cons.
I'm having a hard time coming up with downsides to working at Facebook. But there's a twenty-word minimum limit for this question.
For the first time in my life I need to watch my weight due to the awesome food and snack selection
- Moving really fast sometimes leads to false starts. Engineers must be prepared to pivot and change course from time to time.
Everyone here is exceptional, so sometimes you can feel a bit dumb. But you get used to it.  People outside the company have no idea what it's like, and believe completely made-up things about us reported in the media, or spread as rumors on the 'net.
Some teams have an on-call rotation where you have to be ready all week to fight major fires that go off. This wasn't exactly communicated to us when we took the job, but prepared to need to carry your lap top with you everywhere for some weeks.
I guess a downside to it is that it's a big responsibility to change and build things there, since if you make something wrong you'll be affecting millions of users with it, which can be scary.
A mission-oriented job is not for everybody. If you are looking for a paycheck, and a ton of time to pursue your model railroading hobby, Facebook is going to be a weird fit for you. This is not to say that people don't have hobbies, or that everybody works 70 hrs/wk, but if you are completely "checked out" from your job, this will not be a happy place for you, not matter how good you are at it.  The physical work environment (open plan office, graffiti on the walls, lots of free-form discussion and collaboration) can be jarring if you're coming from a more typical corporate engineering environment.
Haven't encountered any. I haven't been here long, though. I will probably have something useful to put here next year.
None. I love everything about this company.
not enough time to do everything
The downside having so much going on all at once is that it takes energy and discipline to stay focused on those things that matter most. You need to embrace this challenge to get the most out of your experience.
Suspecting facebook of nefarious motives is a popular if misguided silicon valley pastime. Usually trying to argue people out of it is a waste of your time. :/
Too many food options  Cavities from eating Hi-Chews
Takes up a good chunk of your time and life.
* Too many smart people that makes me feel dumb. * Stock price not looking good * Already IPO
Culture is very fast moving so for some people it may take time to get adjusted to a different mindset.
It's a fast moving company which means that it can be hard to unplug outside of taking actual vacations. I've not found a feeling of it being difficult to take vacations but you definitely need to be conscious of making it happen for yourself.
- I gained 23 pounds for the last 14 months - I'm getting much more emails from recruiters from other companies
You have to be really self motivated to find and execute on awesome things and become one of the really really smart people doing awesome things. You might think that's the case everywhere, but I feel like here especially you have to stand up and do things if you want to stand out, but be prepared to keep doing so over and over and over if you want to stay relevant.
Expectations are pretty high (this isn't necessarily a bad thing). It's a software engineering gig so work is somewhat isolating, but no more so than any other similar job.
We're growing, which loses some of the small-company-feel, and career paths aren't always obvious, but these are small complaints.
You need to have self discipline and not be disturbed by a very dynamic environment. Do sign up and go to the gym so you don't end up gaining 15 pounds from the amazing free food, including delicious desserts.
The focus for projects is coming a little more from lots of meetings and bigger picture design than from engineering experience and insights. The engineers still guide and are the leaders for how things are built and what is possible, but the pivots and vision are increasingly coming more from above.
It can be a little bit of a steep learning curve getting started.
Change of environment (Unix -> Windows) can make people less productive in the short term.
The constant availability of BBQ makes it more of a self-control challenge to hit up the salad bar.
- Many (though not all) engineers tend to work lots of hours, mostly because they just enjoy what they're doing. If this isn't necessarily your lifestyle, you may feel like you're not "keeping up". This is really all in the eye of the beholder, though, as there are many engineers who are very effective and productive and use that to work more limited hours so that they can enjoy family/non-work activities. - Most teams have rotating on-call rotations, wherein the engineer must be available to be paged 24h a day (typically for a period of a week) to respond to issues with their product or service. This is more of a burden for some teams than others (e.g. a core piece of infrastructure vs. a little-used feature). This isn't particularly fun. - Rapid pace of product change means it can be a challenging place to be in infrastructure. This isn't necessarily bad, but it does require a flexibility in planning and mindset, particularly if you come from a company where software releases are measured in months-years.
There's too much good food!
Not a small company anymore.
There is a lot of code!
It can be stressful at times, and maintaining work life balance is tricky. I think this is mostly an internally driven thing rather than imposed by the company, but it is what it is.
High public visibility when you cause the site to crash. No 401(k) match. Hard to keep up with all that is going on.
I work in a remote office (Seattle), and find that the culture here is different than in the main office in Menlo Park. I think more could be done to migrate the culture to the remote office. I'm also concerned that if growth (# of employees) is something we seek to maximize, and something we measure success against, then we jeopardize the amazing culture that has been so well cultivated.
-for entry level positions in customer service/operations, etc., very little room for growth -although company culture is fun, strong feeling of preps +sorority girls in sales -
Lots of the internal systems can be flaky. Scale is more important than reliability or consistency in some cases, which makes building reliable apps frustrating.
It's still a big company. With that comes some of the big company downsides. Being smart politically can advance your career. If you keep your head down and just do a good job it's less likely to be noticed. For example, I see good engineers not going anywhere with their career even though they do good work, while I see average ones advance up the ranks if they make it a point to post in FYI for every feature they create.  You also have less of a chance to make an impact as a new hire since you're more likely to work on existing features rather than new ones.  If you joined about a year ago, your stock grant was over valued (by about 2x), so you're making a lot less than if you go to another company.  None of the cons are unexpected at a large company. If you're looking to work for a larger, post IPO company, then you're not going to do better anywhere else.
- Open space setup for all. It's loud, sometimes over packed (it's better now). I've never been as unproductive. - Changes are sometimes hard to track. - Your project might be "reformulated" along the way... - Very young. The least "social" of the places I've ever worked at.
Requires a lot of work in periods
Busy environment- understaffed in some key areas so it can be occasionally difficult to move forward with any work.
- Now eating too many sweets because they're readily available. - Sometimes feel like I joined too late (e.g., hear Proposition 30 complaints from coworkers, doesn't apply to me). - Continued growth has decreased the small company feel somewhat. Beginning to develop internal politics. - There is some tendency among some folks to prefer a quick hack instead of the Right Thing in the name of moving fast.
It can be a little distracting to be required to use Facebook at work.  I've never worked for another large company, but I think it's better than most. Allocation process took a while.
- The size of the company makes communication a little harder, and it's more difficult to get to know people who you don't normally work with. - Conversely, there aren't enough employees to have people working on whatever pet project they want. The work they do has to have as much impact as possible (but the hackathons are a good chance to work on those pet projects for a bit) - Too much beer
I've felt like I've been able to maintain a pretty good work life/balance (especially after the first year), but I feel like I had to work hard to make that happen. Being around many people who feel compelled to put most of their waking weekday hours into coding can be intimidating, even when you feel confident in the job you're doing and even when pressure to put in a ton of hours is rarely explicit. Engineers can definitely work reasonable hours, especially older ones with families, but you have to bring your own self-confidence to trust that you're kicking butt even if you're not putting in a ton of hours (especially during the summers when interns ratchet up the intensity around the office)  Things are done very fast, which also means things can be hectic and sometimes chaotic (though this feels less and less true as the years go by), but I'd expect some culture shock for anyone coming from software companies where stability and consensus are top-priorities. Code quality has felt really good for the past 2 or so years, though this definitely didn't feel true when I started.
Intense environment is not for everyone. Mission driven company means many decisions are made based on relevance back to product and mission.
Base salary is a little below comparable companies. Young employee base can sometimes lack tact or manners. High density office plan presents parking issues.
At 37, I'm one of the old guys.
- hectic and chaotic - constant reorgs
Explosive growth and rapid hiring makes it sometime feel like a ton of people are getting hired into the spaces where you think you'd be promoted.
Not much negative. I find myself wanting to come to work and participate. Sometimes, I don't want to leave... So oddly, it can make for a long day sometimes.
Tireless hours. The work never stops.
1) You own your own career, which also means you have to be the one focusing on impact (and ensure it's visible) to progress.  2) The intense focus on impact can sometimes mean that longer-term, exploratory projects are harder to initiate, justify, and eventually get recognized for. Facebook is growing to the scale where a small team focused on "failing more often" (that is, crazier projects) would be beneficial.
Getting fat. Need to use the free gym.
Can be a little intense sometimes especially around launches. To be successful at Facebook, people need to be able to enjoy the fast pase.
heavy work hours only besides that everything is cool about fb.
The flip side of the low friction management structure is that you need to take on more ownership of finding high impact work--don't expect to handed out work, you need to identify the work and then get it done. I see this as a plus, but it can make it a little difficult when you start out.  Having a high density of smart folks can make it feel more competitive than it really is, and that combined with the pretty low average age of employees can result in the occasional abrasive conversation.  Being privy to the roadmap and our plans overall but not being able to tell people about it when they interpret our steps towards our grand vision in a negative light can be frustrating.
* too much cool stuff to do that I don't have time to do it all
The work sometimes does get a bit hectic.
Things are constantly changing and sometimes you never know what's coming... but you know you have to get it done. It could be exciting but could also be a bit tiring sometimes...
We're only 1% done, You need to be comfortable with ambiguity, Still figuring out how to coordinate large projects,
- if you love process for the sake of process (i.e. going to meetings), Facebook is not your place. It thrives on results and moving fast, and process that helps the company move fast is reward, process that results in more meetings and redundancies is not - people at Facebook have a lot of fun, but it is a relatively serious and extremely driven place, we expect a lot out of our employees so come ready to contribue
Facebook is all about iterating fast. This is great for our products because we can quickly get something out there and see what works and what does not. However, it means we have a lot of sketchy software and products sometimes. It also means we have to constantly be doing "cleanup" which often takes a long time. You will be under "attack" by the outside world because things "suck" even though you know they are being worked on and improved, but that takes time.
- Too much food can get you fat. - Ripstiks can hurt sometimes. - The first days of work can be very hard. They can be very fun too, though.
in a move fast culture, things are always changing and you have to roll with the punches
- The expectations are pretty high
Media can be harsh sometimes and this makes you feel not so good. But once you understand that it comes in "waves" you start to deal better with it.
Lack of clear structure for many things
The cons at Facebook mostly fall under the heading of "growing pains".  Technologically, things move so fast that the layers of the technology stack are often in flux. If you are building a system that depends on other systems at FB, be ready for them to change underneath you. Nothing stays the same for long at Facebook. Every layer of the stack changes, and changes quickly.  At the human level, the company has also grown very quickly which means many of the lower level managers are new or inexperienced or got promoted to management for being good with computers (but not necessarily with people). It can be frustrating to report to junior managers and/or people who are clueless about social skills. With that said, the higher level, more senior managers tend to be really good and their skill often "trickles down" in various ways.
Long hours are the norm Can be very high-pressure around deadlines or when something goes wrong Back-end work generally viewed as less glamorous than front-end work Everyone outside the company always asks about the stock price
No complaints yet. Company is always focused on getting better. If I had to choose, I would say there aren't enough food options? ,)
+ The company is starting to focus more on revenue
The location isn't particularly convenient, but as the campus completes construction that seems to be less of an issue. This stage in the press cycle isn't partcularly fun, but that will pass.
- fast pace sometimes results in bugs - if you like micromanagement, you probably won't like FB: engineers have a lot of autonomy.
The hours were very tough, but it may depend on the department. Budget is strict on certain departments so there is a risk of feeling short staffed and working very long hours. With young blood there, some folks do not have to sacrifice time away from family, so the expectation there is pretty high.
Not much in the way of cons here. We get everything we need.
Some of the teams are political which can be frustrating. The Menlo Park office is kind of in the middle of nowhere so there aren't any places to run quick errands or grab drinks/food after work without going all the way to downtown Palo Alto.
sometimes can be long hours
Company moves to fast and not enough documentation during training.
The environment may be too stressful for some, the work is challenging. Many people do not realize the scale of the infrastructure or the size of the datasets involved. You cannot simply take an idea that worked at another company and apply it successfully here, new scales require new solutions. If you don't like being in uncharted territory then this may not be the place for you.
Intern training (bootcamp) is insufficient in terms of time and content
Some growing pains to be expected at company of this stage
Freedom is given to the individual, which is great when the individuals have vision (which is orthogonal to talent), not so great when they are doing random things.
* Long hours, hard work can be exhausting * Very chaotic, plans can shift quickly, you have to be very flexible * Other than that, nothing else
You will work a zillion hours and still not be done with your work.
- Lot of work so you tend to be under pressure most of the time - Be ready to feel average even if you have been a star at your previous job (Like I said everyone around you is really good)
Not team oriented. Fast moving, but not always doing what is best for the company
Every once in a while (once a quarter?) the hours are a little insane, and with everything available at your fingertips sometimes you find yourself spending TOO much time here.
Move so fast, a little bit tired.
Some see a lack of guidance as a con since your will not be micromanaged my your manager and are expected to create your own impact
Too much food everywhere you go! A lot of distractions - makes it hard to get through the day and stay on task!
Despite the upsides, it is not all roses at Facebook. It is extremely difficult to get hired at the company given the companies intense focus on culture and values (which is not always accurate). It is also an intense environment, and not for people who are looking to coast. This can be difficult for people with a lot of obligations outside of work. Finally, it is a growing company and with growth comes growing pains. things don't stay the same and people who come to Facebook need to expect that things will evolve while they are here. The best people will see that as a challenge and a leadership opportunity.
Odd requests from people and weird questions about working at fb.
-fast moving culture can be hard to keep up with at times -need thick skin when it comes to what you're coding because you'll get a lot of employee feedback. people are generally perfectionists.
Facebook is a way of life, and once you drink the kool-aid it's hard to remember there is an actual world out there. My advice is get a hobby (you're compensated enough to pretty much choose anything) and make sure you spend some time off of Facebook and work emails.
The pace and scale of what we're doing is insane. You're regularly exhausted but in a good way. Facebook isn't just a company, it's a kind of movement that people dedicate themselves to in ways that transcend the traditional bounds of employment. You will make life-long friends who will become a part of your life beyond 9-5.
- small parking lot - salary could be higher - Facebook is located in California, so we're going to pay really high taxes for our RSUs
I wish the headquarters were by the beach.
I've worked full-time for 3 companies and as an intern for 5 companies. Facebook is the best company for which I have ever worked. Like any company it isn't perfect, but we carefully choose the ways in which we are not perfect.
It's a big company, so although teams are very lightweight and agile, it can never have the same level of impact as a startup would. However, the leverage you get by the user/employee ratio more than makes up for this.
not enough time in the day to do all we need to do!
Your coworkers are all smart, competent and hard working, so if you like being able to shine easily, this is a challenging place to do that :-).
The lack of process an structure can be problematic for some. Really grasping how much autonomy exists is a hard thing to do until you are there. This is only a problem for some, but it's critical.
Expectations are incredibly high, which means that you have to work very hard. Number of hours by themselves are not how you're evaluated, but the amount of work necessary to do a good job is not insignificant. This is not a place where you can screw around and just get by.
In order to change the world like we want to do, it requires dedication and hard work. So at times we have to work long days. But in the end, it's worth it.
It can be stressful at times. Nobody likes taking down the biggest website on the planet and nobody wants to be the one to let their team down when everyone is doing such an awesome job.
-can be tough to schedule vacation -parking -open office plan can be distracting -you WILL gain weight at first -steep learning curve
1. Company is growing up fast and it'll be tricky to maintain the culture.
As the company grows, it's losing the 'startup' feel. You can definitely still get exposed to multiple areas of the business.
It's tough for people who aren't willing to put in the extra effort needed to succeed in a company like Facebook. Part of the culture is to work hard and ship things. If you're not good at executing on a project, it will be tough to fit in.
Since so many people at Facebook are amazing, recognition/awards aren't as frequent as I'd personally like.  I've done stuff that would've earned me instant promotions at a previous company, and only got a "cool, nice job" at Facebook.  It's hard to hear people spread misinformation about Facebook while you're working there - I've gotten so passionate about the company that when people say misguided things like "Facebook sells your information to advertisers", it's hard not to get angry.
It's not a "job" - in many ways it is a life. Long hours are the norm. Hard to completely consider this a con, though, as many of those long hours are spent working on stuff you love with people you admire and befriend.
Brutally long hours for many, frequent pressure to delay or cancel vacation plans (even outside of release deadlines).  Harsh, unjust, and badly cross-team calibrated reviews coupled with frequent firings so that the stick is very close to the carrot.  It has now grown large enough that internal corporate politics have seeped in.  Management, at all levels, fixated on lots of shiny new features, no matter how broken, and lack of respect for necessary work getting done.
High expectations - good problem to have
- very challenging. - lots of work - long hours - not always clear communication from managemenent. - lots of koolaid and internal propaganda. - little recognition. Not too surprising, everybody's doing awesome stuff.
- Long hours - No clear path for advancement. I'd been told I'd get promoted if I achieved xyz. I achieved xyz with flying colors, and still no advancement. Despite being a top performer in my group, I was not promoted once in nearly 4 years. - Great PTO plan, but difficult to get time off. Often you're made to feel unpatriotic to the company if you request a whole week off. One manager actually told his team they could only take long weekends. - The Mach 5 pace is exhilarating, but maintaining that pace 24/7 takes a toll. Several people I know developed heart issues from the constant stress. - Terrible middle management. Very out of touch with their teams, only looking out for their career. - Questioning company policies or products is frowned upon. They want you to drink the KoolAid, versus have a constructive discussion. - In my group, promotions were given to unqualified people simply because they were buddies with the manager. It was very much an old boys club. - Too many meetings and interviews. I spent a solid 7 hours a week in company/team meetings, and another 3 hours a week in interviews. That doesn't sound too terrible, until you realize the massive workload given to each employee.
It can feel very chaotic, fly by the seat of your pants, always on the go. It's growing so quickly it's hard to tell who owns what project etc.
I don't believe there are any major cons to working at this company. I plan to work at this company for a long time.
Not so good privacy options.
- growing so fast makes it so you don't know everyone at the company anymore, but that's just a product of rapid growth and hiring enough people to sustain and grow the business.
There are none. Its a fantastic place to work for people willing to make money by enjoying.
Extremely difficult to get in given number of application submitted and competition. Also the company tries to stay small so limited job openings. Work can get stressful but that's because there aren't enough people internally to do the stuff that needs to get done. If you don't know how to prioritize you should seek other large tech companies.
Sometimes you may feel the pressure, but actually I think it is OK. You can easily get used to it.
you need to be prepared to work hard and compete with very smart people. unstable decisions at the management level.
the main downside is the long hours, but, truthfully it is fun, so I don't really mind that much.
Not much, it's real fun to work here !!!
boring no duties for intern
- Working on product teams is trying because of the micromanagement of Zuck and other upper management. Many projects get delayed because they ask for random changes. - Working on backend teams doesn't have that problem, but they are typically second-class citizens and don't get as much respect as frontend teams. - Facebook is very large now and the bureacracy is starting to accumulate quickly. It used to be that engineers could just do stuff, but now almost every change requires a great deal of pointless discussion or overhead. For instance, you now have to fill out a form just to log some data. - Very strong focus on some of the "hot" product teams means that the rest of the company doesn't get preference with respect to product managers, designers, etc. - Most frontend work is boring mundane PHP. The only challenge comes from poorly-designed legacy systems. - Managers will often ask you to work on something you don't care about just because it's a priority for the company. This goes against the claimed philosophy of Facebook, but it's the way things are trending.
incompetent managers are the downsides of FB.
A stretched thin workforce makes for lots of pressure and heavy workload, it's hard to get everything done. Sometimes it's difficult to strike a work/life balance. There's a clique-ish aspect to the place, where the "cool kids" get the recognition and more opportunity to move around and advance.
-Frontend work (i.e. work done in most of the product-oriented teams) is mostly mundane PHP and nothing that really intellectually challenging from a Computer Science perspective. (Backend may be different but I never tried that.) -Potential to get judged too quickly for performance. They are less willing than other companies to let you try something different which may be a better fit if you are not performing well enough on your current project. -Chaos that may hurt you--you may start out on one project but be expected to do something else for no good reason, that may not be the best fit for your skills. -Some managers are too busy to give useful frequent feedback. -I get the impression that they manage by a bell curve, but are not not being transparent about it.
Management is constantly pushing you You don't work at your own pace, you have to work at everyone else's pace Need to stay after work everyday and go to work on weekends People are very egocentric and their ego is entirely tied to how much code they write I'm afraid of getting fired every single day
You have to write lots of code
I eat, sleep, and breathe Facebook...however, this is entirely by choice. Work life balance can be difficult, if you aren't passionate about the companies mission then it might not be a place for you. With that said, most people love their jobs and choose to work long hours.
No downsides. It's a great place to work and to learn.
too new to tell for me
i cant say anything about that because i personally feel that this is avery good comapny s o personally no downsides for working at facebook.
It's incredibly busy at Facebook and we are still relatively small for the user base. Every employee wears a lot of hats.
None I can think of.
The corporate environment is sometimes confusing
Most jobs are in sales and operations  People in this team are in a separate building and are not valued by Senior Mgmt  Meetings all the time - hard to get to work
With the small number of employees, everyone is expected to change the world.
Long hours but Facebook engineers tend to be the type who passionately enjoy their work and build products for fun anyways
We move so fast and are growing quickly, there's little time to stop and reflect as an individual but also as a team to ensure we're moving forward and focused on the right things.
The pace *can* be a little crazy -- one of our values is moving fast, and we definitely do that -- and generally that's a huge pro to working here, but at times, it can be a little much. There are definitely good policies around PTO, and the environment *is* understanding about balancing work & personal life, but that's ultimately up to the individual to carry out, which can be difficult to do in practice.
Can be a bit chaotic for someone coming form a highly process driven environment...but I love it!
Well, you can't be afraid of hard work and a challenge and to be pushed out of your comfort zone
People are always asking me technical questions about facebook, and what is it like to work at FB?
As with all smaller companies, you will thrive if you're a person that appreciates the fact that many processes are not in place but there for you to create or re-vamp.
There really isn't much I would change about work here except for a better work/life balance.
Management is great at a lot of things...but not necessarily at manageing the business. Random stuff just happens that sometimes doesn't make sense across all aspects of the business. Often, initiatives just happen over night, without properly involving all the relevant stakeholders. Sometimes the business side of the company seems to be operating in completely different world from the engineering side.
Sociopathic leadership Youth run amok with poor oversite
-inconsistency in quality reviews -rapid employee growth means less personal peer-to-peer relationships
Multiple review cycles that detract from the real work Inconsistency in ratings Some employees not acting as owners Complaints from employees on the most ridiculous things Ripsticks in the walkways
Some politics and cliques Some user-facing projects have too many product managers Some late nights when supporting new code pushes Fighting fires can become a full time job
- you might gain weight.
-environment can be overly intense for some
Sometimes facebook is kinda unpopular in some circles due to privacy criticisms. Facebook sometimes emphasizes speed over engineering quality.
- Constant change, but that come with this type of growth
Operations department management sucks, they don't treat to people in a respectful and fair way. If you want to be a good position in Operations, you need to be friend of some certain people.
- Parking - Neighboring houses dislike us - Terribly inefficient and large number of e-mails - Too much 'The Son of Man' around the office
Everyone is smart so you always have to be on your game
As a pretty young company, policies and best practices change quite often, which can be hard to follow at times. Other than that, there really aren't many cons.
can be a bit demanding
The biggest downside is the organized chaos (although that's also a plus). At times it can be a bit too chaotic, though even that's improving.
Too many Managers and ideas. Sometimes too many cooks in the kitchen will spoil the food. And that is what happens at Facebook. But then again, that is the growing pains that Facebook is going through. Also most of the innovative products have been implemented and a lot of focus now is on maintenance and tweaking. Nothing much to be excited about.
It is starting to get a little big, and a little bit political, although I don't have much first hand experience with the politics. Split into multiple buildings again.
The focus on "most fast" sometimes leaves things undone.
mid level managers are inexperienced and do lots of mistakes, salaries are not so bright but company is pre-IPO and it is a good opportunity
It's getting political and seems like there is a lot of jockeying. That's not great for an engineer who really cares about making a great product. It gets in the way.
People are often not treated fairly as Ego's get big fast when a company grows so quickly. They get you in the door with the "potential" of going IPO but your in you give up your life and soul with little career growth or monetary incentives. Its no wonder that three of the four founders have already left in less than 3 years and long term employees are looking to sell their shares. No potential of any amount of 'potential' earnings once they go IPO is worth being treated like second class citizens or just a fancier sweat shop.
Some of the younger folks here (and there are many) have never worked anywhere else and they have no idea how good the place is. This often leads to a sense of entitlement which would never fly at another Company. Having said that, we all benefit from the extra perks that get put in place. Philz Coffee!!
Distracting, loud environment. The open-desk style doesn't work for everyone (like me), I find it hard to concentrate and end up working at home more than I would like to, just to catch up.
There aren't that many downsides so far. I occasionally find it hard to complete work on fridays, due to happy hour though ... :)
still working through some growing pains
In Palo Alto, CA -- a bit suburban for city dwellers.
There's some growing pains because of the fast company growth and the office can get a bit noisy at times. My last job was at Google and I have to say that facebook is a far better place to work.
Because of the work from home policy, you do find yourself basically working all the time in a way. Some say it's a downside, I personally loved it! As long as I got my work done my boss didn't care how much I was actually in the office. However, I do have to say, that I did NOT abuse this. I really only worked from home when I absolutely needed to. I'd say out of a year I probably worked from home maybe about 2wks worth.
You can work a lot right before a project gets shipped, but that's the case with a lot of engineering jobs.
some of the employees feel a sense of entitlement that comes through in day-to-day interactions...very young upper level management..inexperience shows
Less organization. Growing pain. Management needs to become mature.
nothing much. Startup. Revenue mostly limited to online Ads.
long hours, mild politics, management is inexperienced - typical for a company growing from a startup mode towards a more mature company
Honestly I'm not sure I could name any yet. I suspect the Software Engineers work long hours, but I'm pretty sure they do it from love and enjoyment rather than a requirement by anyone. There has to be some downside, but I can't think of any. Sorry.
Little to no opportunity for advancement, raises, or bonuses. Benefit reductions, instead.
Organisation getting very large in bureaucratic
Organisational structural issues may affect the way you work
- Too focused on short term impact/employee's performance cycle. - Bad press can affect morale
Growing incredibly quickly so don't know everyone in the office
nothing to mention at all
- The constant talk about growth. Facebook is not growing as fast as it used to, yet the company hires like crazy. To be honest I think this is too much at this point. All these people are doing "projects" but these projects are in 3/4 not useful at all. The sole purpose of them is that someone can write it in their performance review but no one really uses the outcome of the project after that. - Despite the management saying how international the company is, every decision is still taken by Americans/British/Irish and according to their worldview. Which sometimes has awful effects on the company image in countries that were not part of the Commonwealth or are the US. It's particularly visible when there is a PR fire in American or British media, they can change something overnight based on that not thinking about how it will impact other parts of the world. Also it's worth mentioning that a huge majority of managers is Irish/British, and there is little internal mobility for non-natives. - Performance review is somehow not fair. Technically there are career expectations but if you fulfil all of them, you'll get the lowest score. There are people from certain parts of the world that would be working 16h a day (I'm thinking East Asia in particular) to get the best score so then people from other parts of the world need to work longer as well, otherwise their achievements will look pale compared to those working overtime. And performance assessment, potential promotion and bonus, are based on your place on the curve rather than on whether you fulfilled criteria of your job. - Internal mobility rules are very unfair. As an external applicant you'd meet and even exceed all the criteria for a particular role but if you are internal you cannot move to a role that is higher grade than yours. This leads to a situations in which people who applied internally were rejected, left the company and were soon approached by recruiters for the very role on LinkedIn if they'd be interested.
Salary isn't equal to the US.
Looking back at my experience there, I can clearly see that I was unfortunate to end up in a team that I was in. The fact that no one internally wanted to move to that team should have alarmed me, but having just moved to FB I didn’t think of leaving that early. Internally, people were very open about how they would rather quit than join our team. I figured that’s the reason why they hired a complete new team, instead of just moving some people around.  However, people at FB are generally blinded by the perks and the status of the company. They make themselves believe that they are happy, but in reality everyone is constantly anxious. They just learn to cope and make it feel normal.  The pressure is HIGH and the workload tremendous. Because of the amount of silly meetings that you can’t say no to, you will end up spending more than 50 hours per week to make sure you are up to speed. Some people at FB told me that work consumed every second of their life (they just couldn’t switch off). I knew of other colleages that they come in on a Saturday to do some extra work, and some dedicate their Sunday evening on projects to add to their internal CV. You can’t really switch off, at least not before 9PM. So, if you’re in a relationship/have kids, don’t go there. As a single person I felt bad for my colleagues with a family.  In my situation, and I also speak for the rest of the team, there was no support, no proper internal onboarding and literally no one around to be able to inform you what the general expectations were. It’s all very performance driven, so you have to Build up that amount of work you do, cause everything gets tracked. They don’t care how you do it, just do it. This explains why people work throughout the weekend to make sure they hit a certain amount of finished tasks for that week before the new week starts. You will be compared to Peers on your level, so it’s important to make sure you hit at least average to receive some bonus after your review.  We had a new manager starting a few months after us, and hierarchy was the management style. Having anything to say went against the manager’s principles and clearly we weren’t liked. So were other colleagues of other teams not liked by this manager, because of their opinions. Be mindful of what you say...not everything is appreciated. At FB, managers are more valued than IC’s and they rather keep a bad manager than a good IC. So please be careful and try to make your manager your friend, trust me it will help you.  They have amazing trainings on how to manage bias, but in all honesty, everyone was biased. The way they hired people, they way they treated people and the way they rated each other. During the annual performance cycle, you would only ask feedback from the people you had a good relationship with to help you get your bonus.  Up until now, FB was the least favorable experience for me. I only say ‘worst experience’ when I talk to friends. They saw the negative impact it had on me working in a toxic environment.  I do want to say that 2% genuinely loves working there, unfortunately the majority doesn’t.
An environment that creates divisions, very cliquey. Some managers have been with the company for a very long time and seem to be set in their ways. They are often unable to support their teams due to lack of knowledge. Employees are commodity. The ethos and values in Facebook are amazing but unfortunately not all managers live by those values. Pity as the foundations of this company are great.
None I can think of
Almost all Internal Tools were broken and various process followed in my role and at work were highly inefficient. Making any attempts to fix these broken pieces or raising awareness about the situation wasn't perceived well. Most teams were perpetually understaffed across regions thereby taking away all flexibility around leaves and other perks. No serious attempts are made to hire on priority. Sr. Management is well aware of the areas to improve flagged repeatedly by the team but almost no changes are made. Performance evaluation random and highly driven by Management's perception of the person rather than basing it Impact on the job. The HRBP and and other resource teams add zero value and encourage the team to keep their head down and keep working. The work pressure is endless and the poor management makes it worse. My only regret is not leaving this role sooner.
No variable pay, operational work, and almost no work-life balance.
- starting to feel big with more structure, which is needed to operate at scale but might be hard to look for opportunity to make bigger impact - things change quickly and sometimes comms fell through the cracks - frequent performance cycle can be stressful
None that I can think of. And I am not naieve.
The bar has been set so high for any future employer to be within my consideration set. I’m truly spoiled.
The worst part about Facebook is the culture. With the excuse that you should 'focus on impact', people will fight for 'sexy' projects and things that will obtain them a good performance review. Since middle and upper management often do not have a clue about what their own teams actually do, whatever you can make sound important (e.g. with fake metrics or tales of potential impact), you are onto a winner. Unfortunately, the same managers do not enforce a culture of fairness or trust, instead, it is a culture of rewarding back-stabbers and people who 'get the work done' but who, at the same time, treat their colleagues poorly. By that, I mean stealing projects or not giving credit to those who get the work done, for example. It is an awful environment to work in. Some teams are worse than others as well: You could end up reporting into a bad apple who steals projects from you. It happens, and it happens often.  Good people managers are never rewarded, as people management is not something Facebook recognises as important. Yes, in the orientation they will give you a big speech about it but when was the last time good people managers got promotions? Managers should focus on people, and ICs should focus on things. Unfortunately, bad managers who are good at IC work get rewarded often to the detriment of their teams, who have to suffer under people who should have never become people managers. The so-called Pulse survey is a joke, as no importance is given to low-scoring managers. If 10 people in a team say they would not work with their manager again, something must be wrong, don't you think?  To any potential employees: Do not get fooled by the appearances. Facebook makes people feel trapped because they make you think this is the 'best' company and that you should be grateful you are part of Mark Zuckerberg's dream of making the world more 'open and connected'. It's a fallacy. Do not fall for it.
Lack of work life balance
nothing. it's perfect. company on
Order, Red Tape, Transparency, Leaks
No structure, too fast growing
High pressure. People get fired if they under perform, and under perform may not be what you expect it to be. Employee evaluation is mainly "impact" based - meaning you have to show measureable product impact every half.  This creates insensitives for people to produce low quality code, and under-maintaining it, since you are better off solving 90% of the problem and say you're done without covering edge cases.  This also pressures people to work alone on highly measureable projects and not share the credit for larger projects.  in the year and a half I've been with the company, I've seen 4 people fired in a 30~ person team, plus two more quit ahead of being fired. On other teams, however, I've seen people rest-and-vest for years, so it's probably very dependent on the team and managers.
High pressure environment. Highly underpaid comparing to Bay Area, Singapore, Dubai. High variable wrt to the quality of middle management, very important to work with high quality managers.
People - your either in or your out Management - doesnt know how to run a team, very nasty, lets team dictate who passes probation Dont learn anything - people working on stupid *projects* so something to talk about in 1-1 Targets boring 15 placements a year, half the time nothing to do
Meet new people and earn money
Poor Management- lack of knowledge in critical areas. Unrealistic Expectations Team Politics Work Life Balance Not sticking to company values- e.g Be Open
Always keep Online to process the system
Lean organization, don't expect promotion as your only way to move up
I don't really have big cons about this company. I've been learning a lot, working a lot and at the same time encouraged to manage work and life time.
- As in any company you will encounter issues and you will not be happy with many things, it's not Paradise. - Very fast paced environment. - You get a lot and you have to give back more if you want to keep your fantastic job
Any comeny and good salary
moves really fast. You need keep up
don't be quickly evolving organization,that's pains.
Remote, Transparency, Promotion system, Recognition, Size
cool work with giant social networking
Less suitable for people who are not self-driven
- Coorporate, company is too big
Keep away from private chats
Sometimes the company is a little North America centric.
Getting large quickly and beginning to feel big. Negative press cycles take a toll on employee morale.
Mid-Level leadership, Inside politics, Not as many different career prospects as compared to London / MPK
- management should be more transparent
Imposter syndrome is real and I really struggled with it at the beginning. I've come to realise that the role is what you make of it and you just need to do the best you can and not focus on what others are doing. Stay in your lane and achieve what you can! I have had a lot of support from HR so that's been helpful! It's unfortunate also that the press hates us and there is growing negative resentment about the company. I can't stress enough how much I love coming to work every day.
Media exposed, everyone (outside) asking insider questions.
Sometimes you get too busy!
Facebook is the fast growth company in our social network and I m very impressed by the owner because of its skill or intelligent.
Can't decide whether it wants to be a startup or a mature corporation.
Good for working and advertising face book
Too much proprietary tech, hard for you to keep in touch with what the rest of the world is using when Facebook is run on mostly in house built tools.
Sometimes you get too busy!
Cars, fashion, actor, actress, veiw of beautiful place.
Community operations roles repetitive and boring Sometimes there can be more emphasis on internal politics and appearances than actual performance
no any cons have been detected
Risk of getting spoiled and overweight.
In many parts of the engineering organization, you are expected to set your own goals and will be held accountable to them. If you're used to working in an environment where you're told exactly what to do, this might not be for you.
- Difficult to maintain work-life balance, always on approach - Sometimes the lack of resources/processes was a frustration, would result in much more self-admin and sometimes I thought we were very highly paid adminstrators - With the need to grow desperation to hire quickly became a burden, meaning the most experienced team members spent a lot of time hiring rather than their core job - Upwards progression can be difficult as the nature of the company is quite flat and intentionally non-hierarchical. Means that progression into management and senior roles can be very difficult
Having to tell people, to respect each other, n talk civil ' even in wrath angry words don't aide.
projects are ok slow career progression very competitive few nice girls culture is too much rated
Not much everything is great
The organization is getting too big and each role is too specialized.
Intensity, opportunities to change careers and grow
Can get busy sometimes
Lots of politics and a very bad review cycle. People who do nothing and just famous because they are 'IN' some special circles get tons of positive feedback. The emphasis here is not on the actual work but it's all about 'visibility'. There are people with zero knowledge and all still get ratings because they 'share' stuff done by other people.
Long hours Supporting directors across different teams
I was working as a freelance artist.
- Work/life balance - High expectations
I don't see any cons, at least for now.
Incorrect understanding and execution of the company values: Value: Done is better than perfect - the incorrect interpretation is that done and perfect are mutually exclusive, no-one wants to do anything that is perfect. Value: We [managers / leaders] are non-directive - incorrect interpretation is that managers do not need to provide direction, the result is that manager are ineffective and simply try to please employees. Value: Make an impact - incorrect interpretation is any impact is a good impact, the actual impact of this is that there is little significant impact.  The company has many conflicting ways of working, for example the short term review process and the want and need to take risks and innovate. The result is that employees do not want to take long term risks as they will be penalised in their next review.  There is a PIP (personal improvement plan) process to help those underachieving to get back on track. This is only effective at removing people from the company and during new manager training (FME) managers are informed that most people (>80%) that are placed on a PIP leave the company. At the same time the company prides itself on the ability of employees to have tough conversations (Crucial Conversations is a class employees are encouraged to attend) yet no-one has these tough conversations. There is a reliance on processes such as the PIP process to remove people from the company rather than having direct conversations.
the main challenge is to adapt yourself to work in a really big structure and knowing that is growing more and more. It tends to be difficult to reach the exact person that you are looking for at the right time.
- If you land in the wrong team or are a victim of poor management, HR will not do anything about it, even if you have evidence. Firstly, they are severely understaffed (one HRBP per 200 managers?). - The feedback cycles are too political. This is one of the worst things about Facebook. It has 'imported' bad habits and bad people from other companies who brought their corporate baggage with them. It didn't used to be like this. - People work on projects based on their six-month feedback review, not what's good for a team or the company. The lack of accountability from upper management makes this much worse. People get promoted for 'inventing' things that get abandoned after a month. - If you are good at public relations but do nothing, you can get very far at Facebook. It means you have 'visibility'. It's poisonous. - It has become so cynical that the latest 'trick' to get someone promoted to director is for them to organise a 'global' gathering. In other words, bring a bunch of people to Menlo Park, say it's for team building and give it a funky name or a motto... and boom! They become a Very Senior Person. - Zero work/life balance. You must be available 24/7.
There are no major cons from my point of view. If you like a challenging professional environment and work hard for something meaningful this is a good place to work at.
Can be overwhelming, can be hard to decide what problems to go after
Super handson and super fast moving, stay young and smart
Impact it's a wide definition of how to work and sometimes focus can be really diverse making that different people and teams work in the same problem and they don't even know about the work that someone else did before.
- Being the biggest in the world also means encountering problems which no one else have had to deal with - Lots of work. but fun!
None everything is perfect and there's no cons
Salary is not big enough in London
- Achieving work life balance requires a lot of discipline as there are lots of ameneties in the office that allow you to procrastinate
Graveyard shift and very far from home
I honestly cannot think of any cons. Obviously the food is free,so you need to ensure you don’t indulge and keep a balanced diet.
If you don't like the challenge of a fast paced environment with constant change then it can be challenging.
Sometimes can be too US centered, but they try constantly to balance this.
Work-life balance is not always easy, there is pressure to perform but also always lots of work to do
Salary may not be astronomically high compared to other bigwigs, yearly salary raise is lower too.
Poor management at all levels
Nothing to add here around cons.
Pour management, lack of leadership from my senior chefs ,problems in communication, unorganized human resources department that cause unnecessary issues
Nothing to highlight so far
communicating with anonymous or fake people
Bad management, aggressive infighting culture, unhappy suppressed employees. Politics slowly emerging in every organization.
It's not a great place if you value being in charge, or being told specifically what to do when. Everyone is expected to be self-led to a large extent.  There also is relatively little documentation. If you want to find out something, most often you need to ask someone rather than read a document.
I dont have any experence but i do it
Privacy issues. Users don't have much control over what information they see
Recruiter behaviour, missing communication .Facebook is a great company but need review recruiters because some of them are not prepared to have contact with people
No private offices, and we share the lab with sales people who are on the phone frequently, so there are distractions.
Cannot take more than two weeks holidays in a row
Lot to work on.... Less creative.... Less interaction between departments
It's a stressful and can made some psychological impact when u get in motion with the contents.
I dont have any cons.
Low salaries and compensation for Community Operations compared to other departments
No challenge if you have a strong things. Positively always give you success.
too many processes, sometimes a bit heavy.
Starts to get bigger and operationalized
- Lack of set processes - Lack of documentation that could help to onboard or develop inexperienced people
Demanding workplace but overall nice
Very high performance expectations but have good support for success.
The high bar makes people work hard
fake feedback culture lots of politics in MPK and many biased senior leaders you are considered 'always-on'
Don't see much cons now
Although the company's mantra is "move fast", adding a bit more structure could help finding more synergies and removing team/people overlap.  Also, some of the personal benefits such as the personal insurance are not of the highest European standard (might be because insurance's offering in the UK is quite poor).
Opportunities to progress are becoming more limited as the company gets bigger. Culture and pressure to perform can be tough.
> In the spirit of moving fast, our tools are not extremely sophisticated as they are being continuously developed. It is a price I am happy to pay to have the benefit of doing whatever I need to accomplish the company's goals.  > Working with smart and ambitious people is amazing, but can, at times, make you feel an 'impostor' - I think everyone here does feel like that sometimes, but if well taken, can only make us continuously improve and become a better professional
Although a good work-life balance is stimulated, you tend to be always on (by choice). Support has to be won - you need to have a selfstarter mentality.
Salary can be a little low but with the benefits things look good
The worst thing about working at Facebook for me has been oncall duty. Most engineering teams run complex, frequently modified software in production. Since things have a way of going wrong, teams have a rotating responsibility for responding to unanticipated emergencies. Since these can happen any time, day or night, and are of unknowable scope and severity, being is a serious responsibility, many millions of users are affected every minute the site is broken.
- Constant are-we-there-yet navel-gazing about metrics. Often you spend more time running data queries than actually building anything. - Can have a very conformist, kool-aid culture that is alienating to those over 40. - Food is very unhealthy. Not very friendly to those with weight problems.
The workload is massive and had a negative impact on my health and home life.
- Despite the amazing perks for new parents (lots of leave!), childcare support is minimal if anything. - Encouraging everyone to be their 'authentic selves' sometimes can cause issues (ie. some people - very few though - are authentic knob heads). - Moving sometimes too fast to enable a reliable and trusting service, although its really encouraging to see this is being worked on from top down! - The perks are AMAZING yet, as is probably human nature, its always tempting to look over to Google's better perks (yet they don't have our outstanding open culture which is perhaps more valuable)
You move at speed. Your world is rarely constant and you are in a constant state of change. This is both invigorating and challenging.
Lots of politics and more and more hierarchy as the compnay grows by over 50% every year
It's not a con so much a result of so much opportunity means you have to really be disciplined about what you take on, you can get overwhelmed but I've learnt when that happens the management here are great at helping you find a balance.
- Politics is emerging slowly - Difficult to choose between work and parties
- Verharmlosung/Ignoranz ggü. der gesellschaftlichen (berechtigten) Kritik an der Plattform - teilweise Überheblichkeit ggü. Markt, Kunden, Wettbewerb - begrenzte interne Karriere-Möglichkeiten
Challenging work opportunities can have an effect on work life balance if you don't manage your time well
* Some teams have a lot of travelling (but at least you get to fly business class with a flat bed)
- It was a struggle to spend time in such a monotonous and mundane role. - I was sold this role to be a product role, but this is a pure Operations role. - Do not be fooled when asked / told about strong analytics required etc, you would most likely end up answer to angsty folks in sales teams and doing customer service.  Please spend your time in a core role, it is where you'd have value in Facebook. It is easy to feel rudderless in this role (no matter what is told to you during your interviews). Employees in non-support / core roles are valued in the company, unfortunately this team and its immediate umbrella organization is not one of them.
Huge gap between contractors and FTE's, even the badges are different so everybody instantly knows where they belong. No mixing with 'real' Facebookers. The company is becoming more corporate and work-life balance is non existant. They make you feel obligated to love FB and consider yourself lucky to be a part of the family. And at the same time they send you emails about contractors eating too many snacks... Instead of giving contractors priority when applyig internally, seems like it's even harder for them to get to the company which is crazy considering most contractors work harder and now more than FTE's. They would rather hire a complete outsider and train them from scratch.
lack of promotion opportunities and time
Ambiguity in majority of tasks, High Stress, Bubbly and at times noisy environment, big chunk of work success is based solely on the connections made within the company, inconsistent people management
- it's bigger than it used to be, but that's not such a con as it's still fast moving
over hiring has diluted the original culture. back stabbing politics makes working the hard when you have to keep looking over your shoulder.
Everything is great so far.
- a lot of distractions and different things to work on, can be hard to prioritise workload sometimes - as the company grows a lot more admin and process coming in which adds to the taskload - things change all the time and it's an environment that can frustrate some people. Patience and resilience are required to work there
Can be hard to map career progression with flat struture
Not an easy job, changes impact millions of users which can sometimes be very stressful.
Not sure I would say this is a con, but you need to pro-actively set your goals and prioritize your efforts to make you're putting your energy in the right place.
Busy busy environment but I like that so not a con for me!! You cannot get away with being lazy
The usual cons of working in a remote office several time zones away from the mother ships: you get to have sometimes meetings in the evenings and need to chat with people at times which might be uncomfortable.
Need to maintain a high energy all the time. Hard for introverts to work at.
Salary is insufficient to make a proper living. Very little career development.
Intense and fast-paced environment. (can be a good thing, but definitely not for all)
Role definitions are sometimes a bit vague - but leaves scope to define your own role Base pay is not particularly competitive but made up in stock and bonuses
Location of the office (very hard to get to)
Being able to choose the way you have impact on Facebook's mission is very liberating but also imposes a lot of pressure on every single individual. You have to prove every half that you are worth the investment Facebook makes into its people.  The London office certainly has a smaller selection of teams than California. And knowing that you would make significantly more money across the pond is also awkward.
If you are focused on job titles & climbing a corporate ladder it's not like that at facebook. Career growth & promotion is possible but the structure is quite flat. You don't need to take the people management route to get ahead. You can choose the individual contributor route & become an expert in your space.
The lean structure and importance of individual contributors have created a structure where ownership is key. You don't always get guidance on what or how to do things. For some people this might not work.
It can be pretty easy to lose track of reality. Sadly the vast majority of companies don't offer the same environment.
I work quite a lot Work-life balance is not that good (it is not really bad either)
I cannot name a single one
Most roles are Full Time (5 days a week) due to the teams being lean. Limited options for those looking for 3/4 day positions.
Some smart people can be rather snobbish Actually heard "what's ROI" from a engineer Disconnect from Eng vs rest
There are honestly very few. Facebook is a growing company and that runs the risk of losing its culture
Large company, teams doing overlapping work across timezones. Difficult to coordinate.
No specific con to mention
Nothing! This is the longest I have been in any company and I feel as happy today as the first day I walked in.
* At this point in the organization's life they are more inclined to hire managers from outside instead of promoting from within. Many employees have been burned by violated expectations around this. Therefore, no longer a great place to get new responsibilities quickly--you kind of just stay in place as the pyramid grows around you
It's an "engineering first" company. So when you're working for an operations department and your work gets overlooked it can be a bit frustrating.
Hard for me to find any cons, but if pushed would say lack of headcount.
This can be a very competitive environment and it can be a bit challenging depending on the nature of the employee.
Can be intimidating at times, and coworkers definitely work a lot. Perhaps similarly to startups where everyone is motivated. You have to set your own work-life balance, but flexibility exists to allow you to do so (you never feel intimidated to have to work long hours, it's more of a self-motivation question).
- Facebook feels like a young and aggressive teenager. Granted, its prime focus is to grab a bigger slice of pie from Google but that seems to be driving its entire business strategy.  - Hyderabad undergoes re-orgs way too frequently, which has resulted in mass attrition with several senior managers moving on.  - Under-hiring talent: There is no difference between the role/designation of an ISB MBA with 3 years of solid work ex and an undergrad fresher from a local college. HR needs to work out this motivational deterrent else attrition is set to rise.  - Inverted pyramid hiring in the sales team: Way too many senior and mid-level managers are being hired as individual contributors for roles that are given to college grads in other locations. Limited growth opportunities because of this.
fewer benefits than competition,
Employees turnover mainly because of people moving to Dublin specifically for the job/company. Some members of senior management clearly lacked experience.
- It is hard to maintain the same culture in such a large company
There is such a focus on impact that people do projects that are totally meaningless just to have something to write about in their performance review. Every employee is also overloaded with a very high number of reqs Progression is often discussed by never executed because the leads don't leave and the ones who are incompetent are kept around due to length of service. Support from team lead is non existent. There seems to be a much higher focus on idle gossip within the management team than helping current and long term employees break through the levelling barriers. The manager i've had for the past 2 years was really really poor and is now on mat leave her replacement has been a lot better but the fundamental issues remain.
soo much time spent on programming
Not enough hours, being micro managed, too much focus on the negatives as opposed to concentrating on the positive aspects of the business.
Writing this just because I have to, though there's really no cons that I can think of. If I really have to think of something, perhaps it's the amount of interesting information that you have to keep up with everyday.
not really great in terms of compensation
demanding, high expectation, flat hierarchy
Company is getting bigger. Starting to slow down. There is beginning to be a lot of emphasis on managing internal stakeholders which is symptomatic of a transition into being a large multinational.
1. A lot of Hierarchy in India office 2. Difficult to maintain work life balance
Head office is in California, which can mean a lot of late nights for meetings. Free food makes you fat.
rigid management, progression slow, slow strategy, more experienced management
It's hard work, and pretty intense. It can be hard to extract yourself from the fast pace and the scale of the problems.
... though one thing you can't do is work a four day week, at least not as a manager.  It's pretty full-on: there's always loads to do and for a UK manager, 5pm-7pm Mon-Thurs is video conference season. If you don't mind coming in late to stay late that can be OK, but if you prefer to start early, it makes for a long day.
I can't imagine leaving is going to be easy.
Move fast and break things may not be the best motto, it's a big company, hard to coordinate across different offices.
Very political environment. Promotion favours people that is close with management, a lot of pleasing work needs to be done everyday. Hong kong employee get revenged after sharing real feedbacks at employee surveys. Also, CSM works much harder than CP, no one dare to complain, because afraid get revenged .
As the company grows, it moves much slower and certain product decisions take longer than necessary to execute. There is not always a clear development path for employees
It's a great place to work however limited career growth options
Many employees are young and ambitious, which is great. However, one downside to this is that people are eager to push themselves to prove what they are capable of - Facebook is a place where talented people can shine. This can lead to a self-imposed work/life misbalance.
Hours are entirely flexible, so It is up to employees to keep their work-life balance in check.  I'm at a remote site, so will occasionally need to stay late for meetings with other places. This happens to me about once a month.
- This is Facebook London specific. Many teams are working very closely with teams in US, which means that at least a few days a week there will be video conferences with US around 5-6 pm.
1. The Hiring department of the company is below par. Only importance is given to Work experience not essentially in the area of expertise required. Employees coming from Premier graduation and Post graduate insitutes are considered at the same level as that of candidates from local institutes(probably done to save cost of relcoation, not expected of such a big brand) 2. The talent across Hyderabad floor and across international offices (I have visited 2) are extremely mediocre, essentially because of point number 1. 3. The attitude of collaboration and working as a team, is severly lacking in most hires in the company. 4. The middle and senior management is hogwash and power rests in the hands of 1/2 managers who play office politics well. 5. Middle level managers are totally impotent, Because essentially they have no power which is attributed to managers in a usual organizational set up.
Having worked for 6+ years there has definitely been some cons along the way as we scaled the business but I honestly believe that Facebook has never been better, more challenging place to work than it is right now.
Long time middle management who joined company at an early stage and no longer have the competence to run larger teams as the company grew.
Zero career progression unless you're happy to spend a minimum of 3 years in the same role. Management in Recruiting are really poor which demotivates everyone and makes them feel as if they're not supported. Too many managers were promoted on tenure alone and are awful people managers.
Little that i've experienced - tough place to keep outperforming yourself when surrounded by such smart and talented people.
Fast paced company where sometimes keeping up can be overwhelming
not very organized need training
High pressure Sexist managers with such a disregard for females
It's a competitive place to work- you're expected to make an impact from day one! It can be difficult to keep the momentum all of the time!
Woking across timezones can be difficult for work-life balance
I Share and participate in determining the future of the company
To much pressure on quota attainment. The spotlight is in MPK, and satellite offices have often less resources, benefits, etc.
not too much really for the enterprises to use out of facebook hence it very hard to sell, mostly lacking innovation for enterprises.
- Very hard pressure: it seems that nothing is enough. - Not so much opportunities for a vertical move across department. However, it's quite easy to get a promotion.
As the company gets bigger, it is experiencing some growing pains as well such as increasing politics and decreasing transparency. A lot of industry hires simply do not understand the Facebook culture while holding key positions and decision making power
Pressure is globally becoming higher in sales and team is getting bored. Very different than what it was.
- The Hyd office is moving towards a "Contractors-Only" office. The best people have moved out & the best projects have been re-allocated to other offices. There's no actual meaty problem to solve otherwise  - People don't question (enough). As a an employee I remember one of the biggest culture drivers & work was people being really passionate about problems to solve. I guess that fire has burned out.  - Weak Management. An employee would expect a manager to advocate for his / her projects globally. And that has gone down drastically.
Work/life balance is a challenge but something able to be managed with communication and support from your manager. As with any global company (especially one in such a period of rapid growth), there are growing pains around how to communicate locally vs. globally. London does hugely important work, building and shipping their own products. However Headquarters still think in a very US-centric way, this is something we're all working on.
Sometimes, I must admit that the all motivational aspect of the culture is a little bit exaggerated, however, most of those great principles "aim higher, don't be afraid to do something..." are actually enforced so, all in all, it is not a big issue and it's align with the company culture.
Very intimidating environment. Feedback is only negative, never positive Older facebook people are very cliquey and not very welcoming to the noobies. American culture seeps through every market and there is no understanding the world is actually global and not American. Local employment laws are not observed. Little diversity Poor leadership who focus on their personal book launch rather than run the company. Poor training. Expectations that performance is expected from day one, without time to bed in. The product evolves purely for commercial reasons and not the user experience
Not very clear about promotions and career path Even though the company wants people to give clear and open feedback, it can be bad if your manager does not cope with it. As many people are unexperienced, professionalism can be lost sometimes.
No cons. Just need to take care with all food available, but is more up to me than the company.
sometimes hard to follow rules
-Lots of politics - Very unstructured work environment - inexperienced mid-management
Sometimes you become so addicted to the internal tools that you rely on them and forget how the outside world works without them
... it's also a bubble. There's a strong working culture that prevents you to keep a healthy work-life balance and focus on what really matters to you.
Competition, higher expectations and meritocracy.
Scratching my head trying to think of some...
-Growing and starting to get really about politics and playing the game. -It's getting harder to scale products in a way where everyone cares about what they're building vs. their own visibility.
Hm, the only disadvantage I can see is that there is no disadvantages so far :(
you need to be able to adapt to new team structures, management styles quickly
Lack of structure and process due to pace of growth.
You need to take a good grip on your work-life balance - if you want to be first in, you'll be arriving before 7am, while if you want to be last out, you won't leave before midnight, and there's no-one who'll necessarily stop you being both first in and last out.
Fast paced environment, what you work on today,might not be a priority for the business tomorrow
The very high level of achievement is intimidating, and although the company is very positive towards work/life balance, sometimes I try to brute-force some impact with long hours.
No exciting work happens out of Hyderabad office, too much favouritism in place, people suck up to folks in US offices, be prepared to take calls at 10-11 PM almost everyday, people mistake meetings for productivity, no planned investment for the future, this has become more of a back office
Not sure i have any, but I think some people will find the speed and flexibility bothering. Almost 2 years and loving every minute
There is pretty much nothing to add here.
Discrimination in treatment between full-time employee and contractor Micro-management working environment applied on contractor
Thoughest feedbacks you'll ever get. The speed and level of productivity at which they work and expect you to work is scary. (Not sure if any of these are cons)
no cons at this stage
- its a place for those, who *are not ready to do any job for good money* - the motivation at FB is not money, its much beyond it - it is about running my own workplace - so if you are looking for a clean 9 to 5 job with limited accountability, no one will complaint and no one will ask u to stay back and work and slog, but yeah, your impact might always be lesser - may be because you're gonna compete with the smartest brains in the world. - this is a place for those to thrive, who love to take complete ownership of everything and treat every product as their own baby!
startup culture and high expectaions
The bar is always rising. What's good one year is average the next year. There is no resting on your laurels. That is the same for everyone.
Cannot think of one. The best place I have ever worked.
none, perfect place to work
I don't really have any cons. It's been the best company I have worked for.
There are no cons, probably some will say there is less structure around processes but I think that is deliberately done to move fast
EMEA vs US different cultures
I don't quite like the office decorations style. A little bit stressful and factory like. Despite good acquisition for solidify the position in social media, social networks
long hours to be done regularly
Work life balance, it is really demanding if you want to get promoted.
lots of smart people all trying to make an impact, competitive in a good way, but you need to be on your "A game."
No cons!! To date I am blown away with the efficient manner and effective work force all with the one global goal!
Sales org is becoming corporate. More about visibility/perception than substance.
Work life balance some time is a challenge, with all the mobility you end up working more hours then necessary.
Mid management: they are not transparent, talk about valuing people, but don't act accordingly
You would get so addicted to the smooth and tension free work environment
not a full time position
None none none none none
The people working at the office were so friendly and nice that I hung out with coworkers a lot and didn't meet any Londoners.
It could take some time until you hit your sweet spot in terms of satisfaction and impact. London's office doesn't have that many teams but is growing a lot, maybe this improves over time.
Most people don't have a great work-life balance, but it's always self-selected/self-imposed. (Culture is focused on impact rather than time spent working, so working longer hours is not measured or inherently valued.)
Since the company is focused on impact, work life balance could be better. People often feel that putting in an extra hour or two a day will increase their impact. Usually this is correct, but will cause the employee to burn out faster which the company doesnt want.
Some of the managers are real control freak and won't be really open minded sometimes but otherwise everything is great there
Limited opportunities in Hyderabad as you progress Lower salary when compared to other biggies Benefits not as good as HQ
Being surrounded by the creme de la creme day in and day out makes imposter syndrome a very real and regular challenge. Keeping these thoughts in check can be challenging, but if you can manage it, and focus on being the best version of yourself, everything works out in the end. Incredibly fast moving changes can be tough to keep up with, but its also a big part of the joy of being here. There isn't much to complain about, which is why I'm having difficulty finding something of real substance to put here. Oh yeah - the free food, drinks, and snacks absolutely must be offset by regular workouts, or else the natural process of weight gain will rear it's ugly head. File that under #TheFoodIsTooGood.
No cons ! I dont have cons.
This is not a real con, actually, but rather a reflection on the fact that in order to be successful at Facebook you have to be comfortable with change.
Targets & Goals set can be very aggressive. Hiring still tends to be slow which results in tough workloads on current employees.
Fiercely competitive environment especially around sales, eng and technical positions. Collaboration is encouraged, but teams usually work in silos.
- people like working here too much that many people do long hours - company is getting bigger and bigger and is easier to become less impactful / less recognized.
- No work life balance. To be fair, a fair number of people at FB work 40 hour weeks and are pretty successful, but it's not uncommon for people to work 10 hours a day or more, or work on a weekend because they are overloaded with work to do. A lot of people (including me) don't have any friends outside of work. - The whole "We're changing the world" thing starts to get old after a while.
Work life balance is a challenge, but there's a real movement from management to try and tackle that.
Nothing that I can think of
Everybody expects too much it's a bit harder on overall it's a pretty nice company to work with and chest a little bit weird at times.
complacency is a factor.But its upto you to make the most of it.
Small teams and tons of work.
Not many cons. The company moves fast and sometimes the information can be scattered across the organization, hence will take a certain level of proactivity to gather.
We have a very active social life with colleagues, but is limited to weekends with other friends. From what I've seen its tougher to maintain work-life balance once you are married.
Most of the cons I can think of comes from living in LATAM not necessarily because of the company itself.
none i can think of
Being a remote office, one always need to take the extra mile to create impact. Though travel opportunities are there, we still haven't figured out the right model of equal opportunities for all regional remote offices.
I agree with comments that this is not the place for someone who wants to coast. There's a general feeling that people here believe they're doing some of the most important, best work in their career.
It is a new company,so Office area is small rather than other software company.
Work life balance is complicated
I dont have really cons to mention, but maybe better bonus structure
MPK - late meetings, no work life balance
The main constraint is bandwidth. Too much work to be done and limited headcount. Facebook is not the biggest company when it comes to headcount. However, everyday we have more work to be done.
Since you're surrounded by high achievers, you could probably have sleepless nights. Yet this is only to drive yourself and challenge yourself. I wouldn't say it's a complete con, unless you let it affect you very negatively. Because on the other hand we are always encourage to apply work life balance.
Even though it is a great company to work for, it is still very hard to manage all the tasks you have to perform.
There is nothing bad here
Keeping up with the pace is sometimes hard, and keeping an overview of all the things that happen. I love our internal groups, and responsive people are to help each other. This at least helps me to speed up on things that matter to me in my job
too much competition tendency to take executives from outside rather than promoting employees from inside
too much food! I have gained 10 pounds!
Although regional and global leadership are amazing, local leadership is not that great. Which is also great because it creates a lot of room for us to grow.
Lots of time spend in front of the computer, leaving not much time for home, friends and group outings. Saturated market means its harder to achieve goals
Not a real "con" per-se, but it would be great to have a broader set of engineering teams in Dublin.
Everything is centralized in MPK and sometimes it's a bit difficult working from other offices. You have to challenge yourself everyday and maybe not everybody can do this for long. You're really comfortable at the office and you end up spending more hours there.
1) Pressure tends to be high 2) long working hours 3) Management is ineffective 4) Managers sometimes aren't very understanding 5) A lot of employees have the fear of getting fired for performance
Over qualified workforce, dull manual tasks
no complains so far. Only the weather.
At times there can be very little communication intra-day between staff
Salary, may be but taken care by the benefits that the company has to offer (includes food, pick ups, gym membership)
Lots of travel. Can work long days if you want to.
Low compensation and long working hours ( though largely a personal choice)
Ver few things which you will hate
Salary in London is significantly lower than in West Coast.
people who are there a few years, do have a belief of entitlement or belonging, to those who started post IPO.
Being a young team can be a good and a bad thing. It's great for innovation and ambition, but it can certainly lack the necessary experience to foresee challenges.
Too many 'bad eggs' in terms of people, who 'think' they are the embodiment of enlightenment and facebook's mission, instead maintaining status-quoe and dampening people's ideas, motivation.
Sometimes re-orgs can get a bit confusing internally.
Company may grow faster than your career...
will come when bigger size
As Facebook grows, more bureaucratic processes are in place holding people from natural career progression.
As we've grown, there is the potential for the culture to be lost.
Work-Life balance not always great. Most people are available 24/7 and via Facebook always connected. It can become difficult to separate work and private life.  Lower level management needs improvement. Many managers and team leads have no management experience and no support.
None. Because I can't find any place work better than here. this is why it is voted as the best place to work.
mid/senior management. tending to get bureaucratic. myopic view of large-scale projects/work.
-So many things to focus on, can get you lost -Career opportunities inside and outside of Facebook (unless you're in Eng)
The ambiguity in work sometimes gets to you. No career path, and proper mentoring that you can claim. Everything with regards to personal or career development is laden with jargon and hyperbole in discussions. Things like "you have to move to the next level" are what you'll hear, but not how to.
Sometimes you have little to no control of where your job is going, it feels like you are last to know about any changes to your job
Have to be proactive to search for those opportunities.
add product could make people happy not boring
Not meritocracy oriented at all
- Because people get to work on whatever they feel like there are a lot of resources that are wasted - There is a lot of core work. Eg. You have to get through x amounts of requests from users per days
- Time-sink: it's easy to neglect everything that's not work related. - Decent salary but nothing extraordinary.
Moving Fast brings some problems for future, but it's no big deal, has more pros than cons.
- Noisy open floor plan - Works for some, doesn't for others. The good news is, with some effort, you can get put in a corner if you want some quiet area to hack in. You could always just lock yourself in a meeting room.
Facebook becomes your work, you don't open it in evenings or weekends anymore
Long days mostly, and the communication lag with HQ. It's possible to get sucked down a rabbit hole for days on end, sinking in far too many hours. However, in the end, it's a personal choice to do hours and hours of work beyond what you're salaried for. The 8 hour lag with California is also a pain in the rear - you either live with 24 hour turnaround on question/answer threads, or you stay late to try and catch someone in real time.
- work load is high so good project/time management skills are a plus!
The work itself is quite rigorous and difficult.
i have no time sometimes because im so very busy
A lot of strangers will talk to you if you go out with facebook tshirts, if you want to stay on your own, just don't wear them ! :-) Apart of this, no cons on working at FB in my opinion
The work day is never long enough, always too many things to do
If your require a lot of prescriptive guidance (step by step instructions), don't like dynamic work environments, and are lethargic when it comes to your work, this is not the best place to work at.
Work life balance can be at times poor. No one is really putting a gun to my head to work this hard, but I feel a sense of duty to our teams and our users.  As the company scale, I have seen some office politics creeping up here and there. I also hate the sense of entitlement that pops up every now and then.
The salary is not the highest I have ever had but the perks, bonus, annual salary and stock reviews etc make this better and there is an emphasis on performance based increases, so hard work is really well rewarded.  Its a fast moving place which I also love but can be challenging as things we work on can change quickly so you need to be super adaptable but the dynamic nature of the role and the company makes it interesting and never dull.
not so much..........but it damge so much tym
hard to be promoted as some of the structures are very layered
Works on Facebook takes almost your time
- Work - life balance is difficult particularly for the ambitious. - So many moving parts at certain points that turns out different groups at different locations are working on the same problem. This can be helpful when it's an innovation/engineering problem but not as much when it is about business processes etc. - Developing tools to increase non-engineering employee efficiency not perceived as sexy but might be inhibiting growth.
- Sometimes work can get stressful
Free food and calories :)
The hours you work and the pressure you are under make the remuneration meagre in comparison (especially seeing as share options, previously promised to balance out low salaries, are now worth so little). The post-IPO scramble has made many lose confidence in the forward thinking and strategy of top level management, lower level management often lacks the skills or will to deflect from the increasing corporate politics. In engineering teams, there is a cult-like mentality towards the infallible CEO.
All that Facebook expect from you for the best job is to do your job, which means a lots of working hours sometimes.
post IPO, facebook's company rating and compensation benefits are going down
Compensation could certainly improve. A bit too many company politics among colleagues. These are the only cons I can think of.
I really can't think of any downside. It's all I can ask from a company, there's no other place I'd rather work for.
fast lifestyle and a little stressful
