Bureaucracy is slowing things down
1) Work/life balance. What balance? All those perks and benefits are an illusion. They keep you at work and they help you to be more productive. I've never met anybody at Google who actually time off on weekends or on vacations. You may not hear management say, "You have to work on weekends/vacations" but, they set the culture by doing so - and it inevitably trickles down. I don't know if Google inadvertently hires the work-a-holics or if they create work-a-holics in us. Regardless, I have seen way too many of the following: marriages fall apart, colleagues choosing work and projects over family, colleagues getting physically sick and ill because of stress, colleagues crying while at work because of the stress, colleagues shooting out emails at midnight, 1am, 2am, 3am. It is absolutely ridiculous and something needs to change.  2) Poor management. I think the issue is that, a majority of people love Google because they get to work on interesting technical problems - and these are the people that see little value in learning how to develop emotional intelligence. Perhaps they enjoy technical problems because people are too "difficult." People are promoted into management positions - not because they actually know how to lead/manage, but because they happen to be smart or because there is no other path to grow into. So there is a layer of intelligent individuals who are horrible managers and leaders. Yet, there is no value system to actually do anything about that because "emotional intelligence" or "adaptive leadership" are not taken seriously.  3) Jerks. Sure, there are a lot of brilliant people - but, sadly, there are also a lot of jerks (and, many times, they are one and the same). Years ago, that wasn't the case. I don't know if the pool of candidates is getting smaller, or maybe all the folks with great personalities cashed out and left, or maybe people are getting burned out and it's wearing on their personality and patience. I've heard stories of managers straight-up cussing out their employees and intimidating/scaring their employees into compliance.  4) It's a giant company now and, inevitably, it has become slower moving and is now layered with process and bureaucracy. So many political battles, empire building, territory grabbing. Google says, "Don't be evil." But, that practice doesn't seem to be put into place when it comes to internal practices. :(
* It *is* becoming larger, and with it comes growing pains: bureaucracy, slow to respond to market threats, bloated teams, cross-divisional tension (though nothing remotely approaching that of Microsoft's internal tension). * The quality of the engineers is possibly dropping, but possibly not. It's hard to get real metrics, because as the absolute number of people grows, naturally the number of bad apples grows, as a percentage it's supposedly the same as it ever was, but with larger numbers of poorer quality engineers it just _feels_ like things might be changing for the worse. * Also with growth means more internal-confidential data leaks (again, because of the raw numbers of people) -- product announcements being ruined, etc. That means the company has to be tighter-lipped internally to avoid leaks, which makes things less open. It's still an amazingly open place, but less so than it was even a couple years ago. The good thing is they recognize it and actively look to improve things because they know how important it is to keep the good culture.
I live in SF so the commute can take between 1.5 hours to 1.75 hours each way on the shuttle - sometimes 2 hours each way on a busy day or rainy day. That means being on the bus for 3-4 hours PER DAY. It's a wired bus though which means you can work on the way to Mountain View. But it can feel brutal.  Your first year or two are really important in terms of your career at Google and they affect how you're viewed, and your ability to be promoted. You should always ask to work on high profile projects. If you don't get them, don't expect to get high ratings or get promoted. Always volunteer for cross functional group work for maximum exposure, and then work hard at those things.  You'll likely work on something that no one will explain to you and it will take you at least a year to be comfortable doing what you're working on, even if you're super quick at learning. No one has time to train you or teach you what you're doing - which is kind of hard.  After two or three years, people you started out with at Google start to get promoted. If you're not one of them, you'll wonder why and how it happened, and that process is somewhat political and not always clear.  It's a big company now. And super political. So don't be naive. Expect some people to be catty, some people to be territorial, and be prepared to be mentally tough. Don't let people see your vulnerableness. It's a Darwinistic culture with a huge dose of 30-something idealism on top which can fool you into thinking that people are easygoing - they're not. They're driven. If you're not driven, you're not going to fit in.  When you start at Google, it seems like peer reviews are super important - they are, but they are the sprinkles on the fro yo. The important thing is that your direct manager knows your work, likes your work and likes you, and then you can get promoted. If your boss doesn't like you, all the positive peer reviews in the world won't help you. Make sure you know what your boss wants, and give it to them. You will have weekly one on ones, and make sure you are addressing your performance at each one, asking if they have questions, how you can improve, can you work on cross functional projects, etc.  It's really hard to find work life balance at Google. The workload is huge. I hardly have time to work out. The commute is brutal. My family sometimes needs more from me and I can't give it. I'm still trying to find the balance. I think I need more down time than most people so I have a hard time being structured every day to fit all the things I want into my day, so a lot of things slip, like working out.
If you don't work in MTV (HQ), you will be given work. However if you are passionate and want to advance your career, you should relocated to MTV. Any project that started doing well and getting important seemed to get transferred there. Promotion opportunities are better there. It seemed that everyone who relocated from another location to MTV, was a lot happier.  Officially, the company focuses on impact. In practice, it seems to focus on being highly productive in producing code, but not necessarily in actually succeeding. In theory, if you have a simple idea that doubles the revenue/customer satisfaction, it should be more appreciated than an idea that took a lot of effort/difficulty and had less improvement. But it tends to be the other way.  Promotions tend to be tied to launching a project that makes peers at a higher level happy. That's often easier with an API that happens to be really useful for peers than launches that benefit users. Landing the right kind of project to work on is a big factor of getting a promotion, which is easier in MTV and also encourages politics. A colleague was told directly from his boss that he has to get better at "turf war."  A general rule of thumb is that everyone ends up in ads. Non-ads projects tend to be more volatile and have a tendency to end with people ending up on ads projects. This is not necessarily a con. One should simply prepare for it.  There seems to be a general trend as Google gets larger (60K+ employees) and the founders are withdrawing their impact on the company that Google's specialty is fading a bit. Microkitchens stock less eye popping snacks and drinks. The Christmas gift went from a nice bundle of cash to a coveted phone to a cheap phone to simply a donation to a charity of your choice. The hiring bar seems to get lowered to satisfy the need to hire more people.  Managers tend to become managers for their tech skills and not management skills. It definitely shows in the quality of management. Very smart people, very technically capable, not so business and people savvy. This is not necessarily a complete con because a manager without a clue in tech is definitely a lot worse.  There are some stars that people belief that Google still has but doesn't. The myth of 20% time is alive outside of Google. It's discouraged inside of Google. The only person whom I knew to participate in 20% time did so by working on another team, which he wanted to test out before transferring. Outside people belief that 1 day a week a Google can work on anything he/she deems interesting. Management doesn't outright deny it, but it's formulated as: If you work 20% time on something else, it has to have company impact worth 20%. This is not necessarily a con. It's more like a missing pro.  Another shining star that's gone is the "don't be evil" motto. It was silently dropped and replaced with "do the right thing." Google didn't turn overnight evil. There is some philosophical case to be made why the new motto is better. However it seems with the founders drawing back from company involvement that the dramatic standing up for users of the old times is also fading. Google is still a far cry from Monsanto.  If you work there and want to advance your career, don't volunteer for anything. It is kind of viewed as a "vacation" if you volunteer for things. For example at other employers, interviewing was viewed as a prestigious activity reserved for the most trusted employees to shape the future. At Google, any hour you spend interviewing means missing an hour to increase your performance score. You'll be rewarded for finding ways to dug out of the interviewing responsibility. Again this is not necessarily a con, simply something to understand.  You are going to meet some of the brightest and most brilliant people. You are going to meet people with interesting backgrounds. You are going to have wonderfully engaging conversations. But all of that intelligence tends to also have caused nature to create that intelligence at a trade-off (in some people). Perhaps a lack of humanity or emotion was the price of it in some people. You are going to have some lunch conversations that are going to make you spit your food back out, like a colleague seriously proposing to use nuclear bombs to solve social issues. I sometimes felt the need to take a break from the office to be around people who display normal emotions (or any emotion). While the general office culture is very liberal/progressive, there are some pockets of social beliefs that are breathtaking to how little they care about human life or different lifestyles/opinions out of some law of the strong or ultra libertarian reasoning.
Food is not good as I expected. People said it is getting worse recently.
Usual big company problems. Hierarchy.
No cons that i can think of
Younger employees complaining about the company not catering to their individual careers aspirations. There is a misconception out there, that if you get into Google you can move about the company internally super easily. If you're applying to an open role - you're still competing against all external and internal applicants - you're not guaranteed anything. Typical bureaucratic challenges exist that come with working in a larger company.
Size matters. Engineers are a bit disconnected with customers.
Giant company with uneven project and team characteristics
* There's always someone better than you. * You'll constantly wonder if you're good enough * When people start talking about their employeers, you'll feel awkward saying.
It can be an overwhelming machine at times but there are no real drawbacks I encountered.
Size, which limits opportunities for extraordinary high performers
Slow career progression for non-tech
There is lower compensation than expected
Wide variety in experience based on team.
Long hours, far locations, a lot of work
Really no down sides that I saw.
Must be located in an office
Lots of bureaucracy, not super diverse
Some things are not to great
too much red tape on doing even the smallest processes!
Pressure is there for some parts
High clerical work in the Sane record
- work life balance is hard to manage
Easy to get lost, as it is such a big company.
- A company with over 90k people at the time of this review, and you can feel the size - A hierarchical company (due to its size), so don't expect to lead world changing projects and work with the CEO if you're a junior person - A company that has valued employees in somewhat of a tiered way: tech jobs are most respected, business jobs are 2nd class, vendors/temps/contractors are treated in an exclusionary way (usually because it is legally required to do so) - Employees can be overly sensitive and entitled - Mobility is great in the same functional discipline, switching between functional disciplines (i.e. sales to eng) is a nightmare
There's sometimes too wide a variety of things you can work on.
Big company, prepare to move much slower than a startup.
None as of now, all good!
Becoming highly bureaucratic Growing political back stabbing, especially at the senior management levels
You work a lot. Like a lot
Large company issues have crept up but nothing compared to other behemoths.
You have to work hard
too slow and too much consensus culture sometimes.
Growth of salaries and career opportunities
Big and beurocratic. Lots of legacy systems. Moves slowly.
I have zero work-life balance. I work minimum 50 hours per week, often including nights and weekends. The commute is absolutely horrendous. I’m also not a fan of the performance review structure (even though I got good ratings myself). The essays take an insane amount of time to compile and people are often promoted based on how long they’ve been at Google rather than merit.
Set hours for breakfast, lunch, dinner.
Employee will require muti-tasking to complete the job
Growing pains as Google has gone from ~10k to ~100k FTE during my tenure. Processes have mostly scaled, but internal trust and culture have not.
Google has an over abundance of technicians and under-abundance of thinkers.
Everyone is eager to succeed, which can lead to a pretty competitive environment.
Difficult to advance depending on which projects you're contributing to
There were no cons here
Company has become way too vertical, performance evaluations are no longer representative and have arbitrary 'unwritten rules' that contradict written rules.
Great place to work finace is backend though. Its a tech company first.
work/life balance is generally moderate to poor
Google wants 60-hour weeks. If you have a 150 IQ, Google is okay with 50-hour weeks, otherwise, 60-hour weeks are required to keep your job. Work is mind-numbingly boring, e.g. sustaining software written 10-20 years ago, mostly. Culture is declining QUICKLY Too many people are competing for your job so Google has CS PhDs doing plumbing work.
Being challanged everyday. Having no life.
long hours can be unreasonable
All the perks makes me not want to leave work
None that I can think of
Promotions are extremely demanding. When in doubt, the entire organization defaults to "no," so you'll need to jump through a lot of hoops to get promoted. Promotions are centered around complexity and impact, which tends to discourage simple solutions to important product problems, as well as low-impact but important work like code maintenance.  There have been some attempts to encourage more code maintenance but in my opinion it isn't being rewarded enough. As a result, there is a number of roles that people take on that you tend not to see, most notably that of the code style stickler whose impact comes in the form of improving existing code.  Also on the topic of impact, you can execute a large, multi-year project and still not get promoted if it doesn't land with the expected impact.  --  This depends on personal preference, but the office spaces are almost universally open-plan, which some people find makes it difficult to focus. Google NYC has been in a real estate crunch for over four years, and people are being hired faster than we can build office space to accommodate them. Lots of trading floor-style desks.  --  Personal projects and side hustles are limited to what doesn't compete with any Google products. In theory it sounds reasonable, but in reality Google has a finger in pretty much every pie, which means you'll have to ask permission for everything you make outside work.
Projects can be boring or useless. Work may not be appreciated. Performance evaluation can be random. Colleges can be very nerdy and may never talk to you. SWEs may treat you like second-class citizens (even though the company emphasizes respect).
- Skills inside Google aren't always easily transferrable to other companies because there's so much proprietary infra. - People are often way over-qualified for the tasks they're working on. - Everything moves too slowly. There are a million gate-keepers and approvals to get for any launch, and way too many voices in the room for any decision.
Very few, work sometimes monotonous.
difficult to promote in google
Depending on the department and clients, hours can be very long.
No cons at this point.
There's the danger of getting too familiar and comfortable with the internal tooling that you lose touch with the tools & trends of greater software engineering community -- it's like a bubble
i cannot understand what they talk
Computerized humans, too much pressure
The pros really outweighed the cons
Company is so large that it can be hard to make any vertical movement.
Expensive city Hard to switch teams
work was boring. I disliked it.
Can be bureaucratic, and office politics matter a lot.
None that I can think of
too much on call work
Can get a bit stressful at times
Should provide more raw fruits
Lots of super smart people around you means that it’s easy to feel inferior. I’m learning to not focus on this and keep looking forward and getting better every day.
Go is a terrible programming language.
I cannot think of anything wrong at Google
Nothing bad to say. Loved this place.
Could use more options for racquetball
Sometimes difficult to manage projects
Overwhelming at times when everything happens
difficulty moving up to leadership positions
* No new stock award for (most) first year employees. May take up to two years. * Contributions of new employees undervalued. Expect a bad review score your first performance cycle, regardless of actual performance.
work-life balance not as good as it looks
Time off but for the most part was good
-zero work/life balance esp in on east coast -disorganized teams -focus on making hires and meeting numbers and goals as opposed to the bigger picture -very junior staff - very robotic - read off scripts or sound disingenuous -lack of diversity
Promotion process up is a mess.
-Cubicles (I work with audio/video) -Work hours vary -Many people here don’t understand day-to-day life skills
Bad management, very political and turning into a bureaucratic culture
Large company, increasingly top-down and corporate, not as innovative as it used to be
busy, stressful, sometimes disorganized, hectic
Can be a little overbearing in terms of politics and PC culture.
Can't really think of any. I guess you have to watch your weight because they feed you well.
I think the culture has lost its way. It's a shame.
crowded work environment, micro management
Directors will never understand what you do on a daily basis in this role. Your performance review isn't based on a scale, but instead it ends up being based on a pass/fail opinion. A poor director/admin fit means that the admin will suffer. Admins have to step up to offer emotional/career support for each other because there is not an internal management system in place specifically for them. You will need to give 110% every day because 100% is never enough.
Great amount of work that's it
Nothing. This place is a great place to work.
too big to stand out
big company, less impact of daily work.
Competitive environment with lots of office politics
standard growing pains with an expanding product portfolio
not enough snacks, and a bit stress ful
There are deep, deep pockets of dysfunction and incompetence at Google. Do your due diligence on the team and manager you're considering joining. There are bozos at every company, and Google is no exception to this rule.
Becoming more like an old-fashioned company.
None that I can think of
Too big to have a global picture of what's going on in the org.
Short on PM, thread out really thin
Hard to make impact as one of 60 000 people
Big company, you get lost Fast paced and very competitive Imposter syndrome is real
Got assigned to a random team even though before I signed my offer my recruiter told me that I would be able to go through the team matching process
Google culture is full of hype and self imposed sense of uniqueness. If you have worked at a large company before it will feel annoying.
Too many people are comfortable in their roles and not super driven, while they do a lot to ensure the right people are hired/promoted, under-performers don’t get fired
Things can be a bit slow
Politics. Most engineering people eat their lunch by themselves.
too many groups, teams to reach sometimes
Disingenuous performance review and calibration process Promotion process driving decision
nothing to say about this
Large company, process can be bureaucratic
money, benefits, management, hours, compensation
Things progress slowly compared to startups, other companies that believe in move fast break things!
Long hours and lot's of people trying to own the same thing.
None that I had working there
Nothing to say about cons
none I know so far
-I started just before a big reorg. I had 9 different managers in 7 months. Each had a drastically different goal for me to achieve.  -No real vision toward anything groundbreaking in terms of the ad products.  -Way too much ego. One manager actually told me, after an inclusivity meeting, that he could only handle so much kumbaya and lesbianism. WTF. You don’t even know me but you say that??
Large corporation - standardization, spectrum of roles
Lots of pressure from competition
Bureaucracy, office politics, little room to grow. Too top-heavy.
Have some improvements to make
Salary is below market and upward mobility is reserved for few.
Security Management still improving as the department is still young
Bad cultural experience in terms of managerial fit
Easy to feel like a cog in the wheel, ad-driven business model, internal mobility can be difficult
I have no cons for this comapny
Large company may not be as agile as smaller startups
working on multiple projects can be distracting but it is a company need
Getting more large and corporate. Promotion process is clunky and slow.
- super high stress, depending on the team and role - nosedive on faith in executive leadership since Sundar Pichai, Ruth Porat, and Kent Walker started driving the company (not living up to Google values) - guaranteed product thrash on virtually everything not already making serious revenue - general lack of empathy among leaders and in what's valued in people managers
Flat org, hard to grow
Office is too comfortable to work for
Conversion is hard, they don't care what your internship project
Stressful sometimes but that's okay
If you are a Temp, Vendor, or Contractor (TVCs) check how long you are allowed to work at Google before you need to take a break in service (often two years and then you must take a six-month break-in-service before returning).
Things move a little bit slow
Being a contractor I didn’t recrive a lot of responsibility or work. I felt very unused & undervalued
- standard massive company bureaucracy stuff - golden handcuffs - a lot of people tend to end up in positions they are overqualified for and uninterested in, except for the money of course - silicon valley traffic and expenses aren't for everyone. much easier if you're young and single
Departments have poor communication, i.e. creative team and marketing team don't connect well.
Very lengthy and it gets frustrating to fill out so many things
Too top heavy, less growth within
pace of work is slow and have too many hires for a small piece of work.
- Work life balance is pretty brutal - If you are not an engineer, it can feel like an extremely conventional company - Struggling to scale/maintain the culture that made it great.
Is ran by a pack of 12 years old kids.........
Lack of tax strategies oversight
It is getting too big
- team culture could be more fun and casual - too big and bloated in some ways, a lot of internal competition (though that is good in many ways)
Almost too many talented people - so much that incredible talent often is under-utilized Management indecision and planning can lead to constant strategic pivots Big accomplishments are the norm and sometimes not appreciated or recognized
No cons. Everything was amazing.
Tough Environment, difficult process, hard work
Workload can be very stressful at times
Absolutely no cons to report
Long working hours. Xfn challenges. Many teams trying to solve the same problem, causes waste
None really other than constant work that we never seem to have enough time to complete.
High expectations, lots of bosses
high housing price, heavy work load
no cons as such for Google
Dont read this okay alright
The interview process is very long.
Keeping job title and pay correct
growth is slow and complicated.
I dont really have Cons at this moment,.
nothing i can think of
It can be very large and bureaucratic at times
Sometimes people decided to use Bing rather than Google, which made me shed quite more than just a few fragile teardrops.
Takes a long time to get things done
It's getting too big and crowded
Too many unhealthy snacks and too many massages ,)
Disorganized, poor hiring practices, not honest about gender equity issues
I dont think there is any cons.
Very busy schedule and high demands
You may not be able to participate in some interesting projects in the beginning.
Exhausting, Low pay, long commute, grunt work
very political environment. too many layers. Communication overheads.
One con is that you are not encouraged to work overtime.
- Bad food - Traffic is terrible
Everything about working here is great
Spend more time sending emails than doing actual work.
It is a performance culture so be prepared to work hard and smart.
Bad management. Too much politics.
-Hard to get promoted -Poor planning on projects for such a big company
Google is still a big company, so personal/career growth can be slow. Find the right people internally to act as your champions and you'll be fine.
there is currently no cons at google
Performance review and promotion process has a lot of room for improvement across Google
- Crowded workspace - Very long dining hall line
High living cost of the area
Extremely hardworking team and requires lot of time commitment
Everyone is so smart
politics, slow, lostmojo, old company
None! What a great place to work!
There are no negative aspects to work in Google
No real complaints. I wish I could've stayed.
Lots of projects created to give people work and too many cooks for each project
Bureaucracy, management politics and bias
No such that I noticed
Little focus on retention, career development outside of one's org, or building transferrable skills. The larger the company grows, the more issues with defined roles, silos tend to manifest.
Best company I've ever worked for
Google is now a big company.
Fast paced and highly demanding
Google becomes too big to get many career oppotunities.
Pay not as good as to financial institutions in New York City.
Sometimes interns were not given enough of an opinion
Big company, hard to get promotion unless with aggressive team and leader
California just wasn't for me.
Too many cultural disputes takes away from shared objectives.
Developers get too theoretical so we end up not delivering anything
Hard to grow outside Mountain View
Trying something new with google and sunder pichai
Large corporation, very different businesses, original Google culture getting lost.
Bay area housing -- the relocation bonus is not enough to cover all of the living costs. Need to find the right team on a topic that you love, otherwise it could be quite boring (and lonely?)
The organizations grow very fast, lots of unnecessary mid-management, who waist peoples presios time , just to justify their salaries.
you get so spoiled by all the goodies and perks :(
Work Life balance, you may work on things never done before so they will be challenging, too many genius people who think they are always right and can be jerks.
Corporate hierarchy. Slow-moving HR. Growth boundaries that disregard exceptional performance/motivation.
Hardwork, continue work, I accept any challenge
The company culture is like a millennial personified--by lunch on the first day I was already annoyed by the exceedingly in-your-face liberal political culture. Evals and promotions are based on the importance of your project and your ability to kiss up to peers. Lunches are mediocre at MTV and everyone there's a long wait during typical lunch hours. The hiring process results in a more consistent level of hires, but despite their claims the average hire at a 65K or 80K+ populous company are at best Bs rather than As. Nobody cares to do actual work, and the open floorplans means you'll have to tune out personal non-work-related chatter all day.
Working with execs requires long demanding hours (to be expected).
Some stress but will reomove it
Hardcore mentality, long hours, competitive culture
Not all the people get to work on the best projects
- Free food : I have actually had better "free" food at other companies, and this free food comes at a high price - you work - all the time. Through lunch. Through breakfast. Sometimes through dinner. Quality isn't so great either. - Management - really terrible (horrible) management. They are completely out of sync with what is needed, or what is missing, a lot of them are simply cruising, and generally they are pretty terrible @ their job. Of course there are some great teams, and if you are lucky, you will end up in these teams - Burnout - especially on the cloud side - is happening at an alarming rate - To put it simply, people are overloaded and they break - I have sadly seen it happen to several great , solid engineers (there is a reason why the average googler stays there for < 3 years
Nothing. You can proudly say you work in GOOGLE
Large organization, culture within different teams vary
Food is too good and impact productivity
Siloed environment at times
I have not find any issues
Very large company, hard to make large impact. Lot of work duplication.
Im looking in hard wark with smart
Heavy focus on making products easy to use results in limited help available for clients who prefer a more hands on customer engagement.
I was hired through an Agency as a contract employee for 90 days, then offered a full-time position. This position lasted all of 24 days, then I was let go due to financial problems at the company. To make matters worse, I was told that I would receive severance on the forms I asked to sign. The company has reneged on that. I witnessed a parade of hiring/firing due to the lack of any business acumen, very poor communication and no evidence of a positive culture.
I guess some of the typical big company stuff, like it sometimes taking longer for a project to complete.
Perf takes a long time and promotions are hard.
no cons as such for this company
Big companies have a larger overhead of process than small ones.
Could be hard to advance in the company.
No real downsides in my opinion.
Sometimes your co-workers are a bit anxious because they are behind computers all day but that is it.
- Onboarding is a very steep learning curve due to all the jargon, internal tools, internal software tools/languages, and new processes to learn - All the home-grown stuff makes it hard to keep up with what the rest of the world is doing - Bottom-up culture promotes innovation but lack of enforced decision-making can make things messy internally (e.g. why Google has so many chat apps) - Engineers are the heart of the company and as such can be highly entitled - Typical tech industry struggles with building a diverse workforce - Everything you need is provided for so it's easy to spend your entire life at work - Painful promo process, hard to switch career ladders internally - Just slightly cultish :)
can be very time demanding
Red tape/complexities of a large company with a large amount of stakeholders
I can not think of any!
Google only use its own tools, as a new-grad student, I do feel some pressure learning so many tools at the same time.
Potential to drink the koolaid and loose sight of some realities
boring projects but it's fine
The location of their office isn’t my favorite
Housing is not provided for you
Lots of consensus building.
living cost is too high in bay area
Company is changing their values, becoming big corporate America, which is exactly what I didn't want.
Large corporation with hard upward mobility
1. contractors are treated with second class status, you feel bad for them, for example, I could WFH whenever I had an appt, for a contractor, you lose 1/2 day pay for such. granted this also very dependent on the manager too. my first manager was strict with the contractors and by the book, my second one was very much 'I don't care where you work from so long as you get it done' 2. this is a company with billions of dollars that simply doesn't care to keep all employees insured 3. C-Level executives are pretty indifferent to the 'little guy' 4. be more diverse 5. not much opportunity for advancement unless someone leaves 6. work life balance is a tough achievement if at all, I worked a lot of odd hours 7. unconscious bias is a real problem within the thinking of hiring managers 8. if you're going to transfer an employee to a different part of the country, maybe give them more than a months notice? I saw co-workers marriage fall apart because their manager simply 'forgot to schedule a meeting sooner' 9. it's very political (big little lies in a tech setting) 10. communicate feedback more effectively 11. be more diverse
Becoming extremely bureaucratic. Can be comparatively slow to grow.
Bureaucracy can be limiting to creatitivy
Performance review process is very lengthy and in depth.
Nothing that I know of. I like working here
The work is very hard.
overtime, hardworking and average pay
Stressful atmosphere due to high level of competition
It sometimes feels like it's gotten very big. Lots of great brains behind every problem means it's not straightforward to make your mark.
Work hours. Management. Process. Location. Commute
Nothing to say against the job
Culture makes you want to work harder than you would at other companies.
Felt pressured to push harder than other, smaller conpanies
Get bored on the business side, too crowded at the top to move up, super bureaucratic about promotions, low impact work, lack of ownership of work due to teams being too big (over hired), real talent is on the eng side
You need to be very careful
Why the hell do I need to do this. Oh lord.
Variance in experience depending on which team you'll be joining. Engineering heavy
Not that I know of
This Playstore Production Management team are some of the most pompous, arrogant, juvenile punks I have ever had the misfortune of coming across. My manager wanted to know when things weren't getting done or were going wrong but when I approached him he would be defensive, accusing, openly blaming and quite snotty and offensive. This is not the hallmark of anyone cut out to manager other people. When approaching him with concerns or mistakes, he would twist and turn things around on me that I was blaming other people. And I thought, are you for real? The female manager was one of the most pompous peacocks that could of used a little ego balancing and reality check. I have news for you, you cannot brow beat, lecture and force feed your sloppy training program and then get on your high horse and lecture people that they are not meeting your expectations. Your training program was like trying to follow an untied off balloon let go in a room. This team is scatterbrained and cocky and comes across as hair on fire, them gets snippy when things go wrong. Then you will get a email that says "Oh, now I see how this was confusing, my bad!" Well, the damage was already done. Here's a clue. Treat your contractors like the qualified, professionals who have brains, skills and common sense that you fail to acknowledge or bother to allow an ounce of autonomy to prove themselves without your nitpicking micromanaging.
Politics at upper levels. OKRs are outdated and Machiavellian
Income is limited due to nature of how stores are managed (sales associates might make 35K gross minus taxes, benefits, etc. income of about 26K. ) managers paid salary but still sell and always have the best opportunity for walk in customers (store manager make 65K minimum). Great job for someone who just wants to earn a mediocre living, young person with not many responsibilities,
No cons as far as I know
nothing at this time may be in future
It is now a large company, and you feel like a small part of a massive machine.
Heavy workload, not a great work life balance
Good food good salary respect
All of the internal tools make what you've learned less relevant if you want to leave
Cloud is the least "Googley" org, less budget
I cannot think of any downsides
Work gets boring at times
Can't really complain. Understandably, career opportunities vary per location.
Work / life balance can be hard
Nothing really, the job was amazing
huge company with lots of process & red tape easy to feel lost in a large company like this one
Big company, hard to move functions
The agile "chocolate factory" of years past is gone, with an increasingly corporate behemoth taking its place. Your experience depends strongly on which part of the company you work for. Some jobs are amazingly rewarding. Some take the "world's smartest people" and have them move bits from one bucket to another.
Family Life suffers because of time commitment
Company is too large and therefore you get lost.
1/ they suck at managing the skills pool during reorgs. They shuffle you around in ways that sometimes makes no sense at all. I've had 6 reorgs in 6 years (all justified from a business standpoint). I was just unlucky, always in the team that just got reorged, but it really slowed down your career. 2/ compensation is very uneven across the globe. US and Switzerland get employees get very well paid compared to, for example, UK employees. I've had greater changes of lifestyle and comp from changing country than I did from being promoted. A bit odd. 3/ in the sales org, there is a strong tendency to promote good presenters over doers. 4/ work life balance is...well it depends. i've had jobs where I was bored out of my mind and jobs when I worked until 10pm and on Sundays. It really depends. Overall good but very uneven.
Not many I can think
Salary not in line with current industry standards, Very political
It will be very hard to work for a different company after Google.
Big company, not as big of an impact.
Cutthroat environment, often very competitive
Competitive and management is tough
Not many interesting projects to work on.
Not super easy to pick a great team when you start
Too much info to deal with
Parts of the organization are getting stifled by policy and process. In terms of compensation when switching to new role 3 years outside will get you more than 3 years internally (even with very high ratings).
Everything you do is micromanaged. Leadership makes decisions not taking into account how those decisions negatively impact employees but based on what makes the company look good (in their opinion). Some of the managers are not qualified to be in their positions. Everything is metrics based, to the point where there is no work life balance or acknowledgement that there are humans doing the work.
People only care about promotion with little to no regard about sustaining a product. Quality has been ran over by a truck and set on fire. This is unsustainable but as long as ad money keeps the party going, nobody will care.  Workplace is full of dreamers and very few doers.
There is a lot if work to do
Too much NIH syndrome. Lots of great work happening outside of Google
Slow to execute, many policies and rules.
Getting too large to operate effectively.
Very big so it's sometimes hard to navigate the relationships.
too many work and getting harder to be promoted
Large campus size, high-stress environment, extraneous performance review metrics.
Sometimes great minds can clash and the clashing results in people not cooperating with one another. Artificial intelligence is a new science and there is no one way of doing things but there are so many ways. As we develop the product, we are learning about it as well. Progress can be incremental rather than leap and bound.
Feels more like an established company
Hard to find projects that really move the needle for the company given that it’s already minting billions per quarter, so there isn’t as much urgency and often times that means that execs can make less than efficient decisions about resource allocations and product priorities with little consequence for being incorrect.
Nothing as such to mention
can take a long time to feel like you're familiar with internal technical infrastructure
The jobs they give you at Google are sometimes menial of you're not on the right project or in the right group or reporting to the right person. There's very little oppty to get promoted. But they pay incredibly well so it's hard to leave.
bad!no, no bad things nice place
lots and lots of work
The datacenter never has enough tools. You feel completely alone and it seems that you shouldn't ask questions once you're let loose. I broke down crying a few times on the datacenter floor because I couldn't find any answers or documentation from their intranet or from other employees. They want a phd level of intelligence to work for 20$/hr. Atlanta is the neglected "redheaded stepchild" data center. The security staff is imbecilic, but a few became good friends. Can be too political, but if you don't discuss politics anywhere or if you're smart enough to be engage in a neutral manner or pretend to side with the "correct" politics, you'll be alright.
Limited growth for senior leaders in Boston
No cons for this company
Large company hard to be recognized
Your mileage may very. Some departments don’t promote their employees, hire them at lower levels than any other department and pay them less than their previous jobs. They can get away with it because it’s “Google”. Luckily Google is very transparent, so I can plainly see that this is happening in our yearly internal survey. Poor marks all around in career developement and pay. Why doesn’t anyone in HR do anything about it? I have no clue.
no life your project might be irrelevant
Big companies get lazy a few times
The culture varies greatly from department to department and manager to manager -- it can be hit or miss. Additionally, don't expect to be able to work in a location other than where your team is based-- many departments are becoming more restrictive.
X x x x x
Can't stay for too long
becoming a "large" and complex company
Moves fast and so many things happening that it's easy to feel like a small drop in an ocean
I feel that some people have a lot of ego and attitude working at Google which makes it hard to collaborate
high working hour not work life balance
Too corporate, could improve on the large corporate feel.
hard work can go unrecognized if it is not impactful.
nothing really. it is a little more corporate than they let on.
Some of the employees are overbearing and just too out there.
Workplace politics and power struggles
Big company, hard to create a network at first
Management is not really there half the time
Frequent re-orgs and big company slowness due to being very democratic.
- Executive teams are unable to make decisions and execute fast
I would say that their system of promoting is a bit prone to be gamed. I have seen a number of developers change teams just because they think that in some other team they will get tasks that will require them to write more complex code.
5% of the employees are extremely rude unless you have a good position. They make rude remarks and do not have any manners.
have not seen any cons, can get a little competitive but its for your own good
Management and opps to grow are not the best
too difficult to get a job
- Lack of structure, which makes it often hard to figure out everything at the beginning - No clear developemenet path or criteria to become the manager
none it was a good job
Can feel like a small cog in a big machine.
It's grown from a quirky small company to a corporat'ish behemoth.
Happy,positive ,never late,have fun,customer always first
There is not much to be listed here.
too many people, may be hard to get promoted over years
I hear from people around the company that Google proper is great and that Cloud is not representative of the true Google work experience. Either way, Cloud is pretty terrible. Extremely hierarchical, micromanagement culture that treats people with a lot of disrespect. No trust in people. Leadership by fear. Leadership team is half competent other half incompetent. Not unusual for people to be thrown under the bus by managers.
Big company, hierarchical, roles are silo-ed, lots of talented people in low impact jobs, Finance department has a bank-like work culture - not true Google, Treasury is a mess - firings, high-turnover, unstable
Work- Life Balance is lacking
Demanding hours, inconsistent management of matters.
Too rigid a promotion path with arbitrary levels. Lacks meritocracy - much more about self-promotion.
Slow progress, politics, development velocity
Suffers from being a large company.
Fluid ever changing projects and team
Getting a bit too corporate lately.
Bay Area is too expensive.
There is a lot of complexity, and much of the tooling is custom. The learning curve is significant, but Google invests in its employees for the long term.
no con about position or job
Work is work, not fun
Poor management with no people's skills
Commute is tough, constantly in a “performance management” mindset
Nothing is bad. I love everything about the company.
Extremely competitive culture. Work is never ending.
Corporate speed, hit/miss middle management
Work is very challenging sometimes
I felt my opinion was not considered very strongly amongst management. I suppose this could be expected.
Work days were long some days
Leadership can be very political
this job is absolutely soul-crushing. by a year in the benefits don't matter anymore. this is the worst job that exists at Google. absolutely no work/life balance. the targets are becoming outrageous, many people cry in private, there seems to be little hope of ever getting promoted, management is so beyond out of touch with the day-to-day grind of this brutal job.
Too big to move fast anymore. Growing, thick and layered levels of middle management that isn't really incentivized to innovate and take risks, but rather to consolidate power in smaller silos. It can get quite political.
Food quality slipping, lots of newspeak
The recruiting org at Google is a toxic environment- point blank. Constant political plays, people throwing others under the bus (sometimes even by their own manager), the passive aggressiveness pervades all emails and announcements. Constant reorganization leads to people panicking or politicizing for a new role to jump ship. High turnover and low, low morale!  Fear based leadership. Coming across people crying in the office or having anxiety issues is not uncommon.  How can your recruiters sell people to work at company when they’re constantly suffering from anxiety and mental health issues?!
Too big, hard to make impact.
Apparently they cant get crabby patties for lunch
more than necessary re-orgs complete lack of work/life balance if desire to make impact
Culture limited in diversity
i don't have any to mention
Not much to say here.
less base salary in the early career years
Stressful, date driven, build mentality vs operate for long term, great launch parties and then everyone would move on to next assignment.
Because of the strong Google brand sometimes people take a demotions when coming here and can be overqualified for the jobs they do
Too many smart people. Under utilized.
Becoming a large company in terms of blockers for innovation
Large company. Lots of time spent managing this, but it's not tremendously political.
bureaucratic, engineers do not have visibility on priority
very big and no one knows anyone
No cons that I can think of
Over work and little rotation
I do get side tracked alot
Very smart and driven engineers are fantastic to learn from, but hard to stand out from.
The Bay Area is very expensive, especially for Educators.
none.....for me actually m very much satisfied !
There are no cons come on I mean it's google
- Lots of re-structuring: the team, the department, the organization within Google that you're working with might get shuffled around quite frequently to serve shifting priorities within the organization or the company.
No guarantee of a job after 26 months.
Things can move slowly at times, people sometimes work on "wrong things" to optimize for promotion committees
long hours and the workload can be tough if you are not prepared for it
Nothing it was all great and I enjoyed it
Very big organization. Job ladder transfer is very time-consuming.
people are in it to win it
There is a 2 year contract limit and if you would like to come back you have to wait at least 6 months to return.
Contractor should be aware that just performance is not enough to get converted. All depends on the current manager.
Salary is below average, we keep loosing benefits. They will hire the best engineers to do freshman work.
-projects may abruptly change directions or be cancelled -perf reviews do not reward certain needed (and more mundane) functions and promote sometimes more "hacky" or bandaid solutions that show short term gains -they can be reluctant to give more honest feedback in a timely manner -their over promotion of their diversity efforts has created a suboptimal working environment with respect issues (saying this as an employee categorized as diverse) -certain decisions seem more subjective, particularly about individuals awarded with desirable research positions
--Unclear LT plan --Changed too rapidly
Promotion process is laughable. Depends entirely on if you switch to a new team, and how big your team is, and how long you've been there. Has nothing to do with your work. I'm not incentived to work hard. Knowing when it does happen, I'm staring at 3 more years before my next one makes someone not try.  Google is just saturated now. Too hard to get promoted and move up the corporate ladder here.  Also , you have some real idiots there. A lot of smart and talented people. Although, some are just plain laughable.
Culture can vary a lot from a team to another team.
Lots of internal processes, tons of documentations, and slow decision making processes.
High growth rates have lead to some inefficient processes.
Lots of sub teams that need input on most projects. This can sometimes slow things down.
Can't think of any cons.
I didnt have any cons, love this place.
Not many opportunities to move up.
'Wait your turn' attitude for promotion, no longer a true meritocracy
nothing bad really just lots of hours
Politics and little recognition of work.
Work life balance is not great depending on the season
Too big, moves slowly, food is getting worse
"Don't be evil" is sometimes forgotten
No downside I’m all about learning treating customers with respect
Constant reorganization creates confusion between departments
Big Company, Bureaucracy, long commute from SF
Working out the kinks that come with exponential growth
Certain parts of the company have become moribund
Bad traffic, bad food, though free.
Lots of talented people means standing out can be harder
work hours is too much
Lack of leadership on Cloud side of the business
complicated business model and inter-team relations, competitive environment, legacy software codebase, much less projects to choose from in remote sites
Need to be self-driven and eager to learn.
Very complex systems that take a while to understand.
Can be hard to onboard and develop context around all that is going on. This is in many ways though it is how Google works by depending on its people figuring things out.
Many projects are eventually got cancelled.
Walking fine line for promotions, merciless weeding out slow growers. Bad for mothers in terms of life/work balance. Spaces are crammed.
Lazy at time lack of communication
Extremely negative culture (depends on organization). Management bypassed harassment, scapegoating, abuse that was submitted as formal.complaint from employees. Performance evaluation not transparent.
Not open to African American input
Very challenging, you'll feel like you live here
None at moment - enjoying my work
too large to stand out
bit slow pace, cafe could be better
Smaller contribs, hard to think big there
No remote work options. Given the consistent growth mode, rough WLB
I don't know that there are any
It's a large organization with lots of internal politics and bureaucratic procedures.
none that i can really think of
Could have more options for meetings
work life balance is hard to achive
Bureaucracy in processes, ranging from hiring to promo to transfers. Let people just do what they love, have impact and get rewarded. I have never seen another company spend so much time on these processes and yet have such a poor outcome.
Average compensation package. Less excitement on projects. Less expectation on the growth of its stock price.
Select the right people for the right job.
Despite the workplace culture valuing work & life balance, the internal competition etc. makes it difficult to pursue it.
Work load is extremely high, work/life balance is very low. Career progression is difficult even for high performers due to structure of performance reviews and promotions. The company has changed significantly over the past decade, not for the better.
Google will not discharge or hide My paymenty.
sometimes heavy to move given need for consensus and multiple overlapping decision centers, very complex organization
- Company size. This is a massive company and the size is starting to show. There is increasingly a lot of bureaucracy, promotions and performance management systems don't always reward top performance but rather who's been in line longest, and it's harder to get things done when you need approval from 15 different teams. - Google Cloud is growing fast... But they're sacrificing culture and quality hiring for getting warm bodies to fill seats. The culture is increasingly toxic and it doesn't feel like Google - with all the focus on external hiring in Google Cloud, it feels more like VMware v2 or mini Amazon and that's not what I signed up for. - Internal transfers are almost harder than getting into the company in the first place. I have internally interviewed for jobs that had 100+ INTERNAL candidates where they ended up only hiring two people in the end. I've also spent 6-12 months interviewing for 10 different roles internally before finally getting an offer on a different team.
Liberals ruin all the joy in things
Well its a large company
The size is overwhelming, it's hard to find value in what you do when it accounts for just a tiny bit of the whole company. Google pursues many things knowing that they will drop some of the ones that don't immediately work. You need to get use to constant change in direction (for most teams)
Wanted to make some acquisitions that didn't go through.
Loses all credibility due to intentionally altering search result in favor of political views rather than actual factual results.
Such a big company it was often hard to get things moving quickly.
Long hours, tough to live a balanced life
The company has become too big
Management Priorities, Poorly-trained people managers
Large company and things generally move more slowly.
Very large company where it's hard to make changes
Google is bureaucratic and consensus-driven. If you have bad news, an unusual idea or background, you will be ignored or worse. Management is selected for technical skill and not even a little bit for leadership, organizational, or interpersonal skills. Promotion and evaluation procedures sap motivation, discourage collaboration, and waste time. Mountain View offices are severely overcrowded (bathrooms, parking, desk space, conference rooms).
Working among highly talented people.
long hours hard to move up
Lots of work, sometimes you stay up late!
The pay was okay, the work was hard
- Large, multi-national company bureaucracy - Lots of Type-A personalities can lead to some clashes - You'll hear about cool stuff happening in the company, but in reality everything is pretty vertically silo'ed
nothing just need faster approvals
* Getting big and easy to get lost
Burnout is high, people don't get enough stretch opportunities to grow. Internal mobility is harder than advertised.
Like every company, has some bureaucracy, but handles it well in the end. Rapid hiring pace is somewhat damaging the culture.
Not much complaint that I can think of
- Change of culture in Google Cloud (pka Google for Work, pka Google Enterprise) is very toxic and not in the open and collaborative nature found in the rest of the company. Google Cloud became very hierarchical ("Why are you talking to people with a higher title than you?") and information shared on a "needs to know" basis. - This has led to tremendous turnover in Google Cloud including the loss of several key senior execs. - Weak middle management. - Poor marketing and awareness of enterprise products
I was looking for better opportunity
The company treats the new-hire better can veteran employee.
-Most people are overqualified for/under-stimulated by their roles -Completely up to luck if you get a good or terrible manager
Google is slowly turning into a big corporate company as it grows.
Every experience depends on the culture of the team you happen to be on.
needs more diversity and accessibility
Competitive environment, high paced but hey it is the Valley
Bureaucratic when it comes to products, glass ceilings, lots of legacy code, difficult to find interesting work, employee contracts regarding IP
It's no different than any other big company. Slow and boring.
Too much politics around even simple things.
You must not get use to all the amenities they provide as a company
Work can be boring at times, but that's sort of the nature of an entry-level software engineering job
Less freedom to explore new direction than academic research.
Working schedule is not very flexible.
nothing, nothing and again nothing
Long hours, very bad diversity, just do the same thing every day
- Gender definitely an issue - Anyone not an engineer always treated as a second-rate citizen - Lower pay for non-Engineer employees - Unreasonably hard to move up - Tendency to under-employ (PhDs hired in at entry level) - Weak management/guidance structures - mentorship, etc. opportunities are slim
Burnout rate is high, internal mobility can actually be pretty tough
Not getting paid.. working for free ... having to work injured
Can be slow at times
work life balance, stress, less freedom
Career growth is much more difficult in a remote office
The people, being in Silicon Valley means people feel they are better than everyone else and also treat others poorly. It's a rat race/hamster wheel of a life. Even though Google has all the money in the world they still do not pay very well.
too big of a company now.
- The environment is very aggressive - Diversity and inclusion is not good (just sending emails to employees will not result in improved diversity).
lots of food and you should be careful not to
it is difficult to get promoted
Hard to recognize high performers with accelerated promotions
I had to pee in bottles
- No real hockey-stick compensation opportunities - Slowed down by the size and scrutiny that comes with it.
Bureaucracy that comes with working for a large company
I don't have any, to be honest.
There is not much which Google can do to improve. However, there is always room for improvement.
Difficult to change jobs within the organization
Management, bureaucracy, red tape, penny wise, pound foolish, don't value employees, unable to move out of role, finate promotions, finate pay raises
Nebulous objectives to advance career internally.
Google is a great company at a generic level. If you are port of the business side (advertisement) and non-technical mobility is low for you. Inexperienced middle managers. All the great managers are 1 or 2 tiers above you so you will not be working with them.  Also they take smart talented people and have them do a few things. That means that you cannot release your creativity and unleash your full potential in reality even though it is 'advertised' as a place where the sky is the limit.
Working long hours day in day out.
Pay, People, hiring is needed, new leadership
Nebulous objectives to advance career internally.
No career path. Horrible work life balance. Need to work night and day to get promoted. Change manager too often to learn anything. Project changes too often to see any personal impact.
too relax, not many good project exiting
life work balance can be hard
Commuting is really hard in the bay area
Not enough time spent on management training
Nothing so much around google
You can end up in a cog-in-the-machine sort of a situation where you don't feel like you're making a useful difference.
It is sometimes harder to change the bottom infrastructure with all the product development going on built on top of it.
N/A there is even no cons
none I can think of
there is no cons at google
Can be stressful at times
Not a lot of contact with managers
No Cons this plae is great
Unfortunately, buses, on-site laundry, and massages don't pay the bills. Google pays exceptionally well, if you're on the engineering side of the company. If not, compensation hardly lives up to the hype. Example: an individual started in an entry-level role and was later moved into a position with much greater impact and significantly more responsibility within the same department. A year and a half later, that individual is still being paid at their entry-level pay and classified as their entry-level role, despite a complete change of responsibilities, scope of impact, skill requirements, etc.
High bar for hiring which is pretty cool
Limited to specific role given the size, things move slow, lots of politics due to ambiguous boundary of roles / projects
not for now, everything is good.
It's very hard to move up the ranks at Google. Everyone is a superstar so you are competing with the very best of the best for that next promotion. The review process is pretty brutal.
Still tech bro-y in it's own way. Very bad diversity and inclusion execution despite PR
few places for analytical work
political , public, boss, employer, h1b
Still trying to figure out how to be a big company
Nothing to bad to report from here
Too big, hence politics started kicking in.
contracts it seen like all the employees who are not engineer are working on contract basis with a 2 years limits to work for the company after the time is up they lay you off
Rising inexperienced middle management in the company.
Google promotes managers based on their eagerness to manage. Some of those people misuse their power.
Can't really think of any. Google is the place to be
- Starting to get weighed down in bureaucracy due to scale - Some dead end projects floating around, may result in getting stuck unless you're proactive
Too much perks for the job
Too much movement especially for junior folks in the organization on the sales side.
Perf, perf, red-tape, increasingly too corporate
None really that i could see
Like any large company, hierarchies can impede on productivity
It may take a lot of time to ramp up after joining
The work can get boring for new people or engineers who don't intend to move up, in my opinion, but the opportunities for mobility in the company are accessible and well-defined.
not much, that's about it
Promotions seem to be few and far between.
Location mountain view and Sunnyvale
Resourcing doesn't catch up Google's grow
Long hours and under extreme pressure
Cant think of any cons
I don't see any bad things at this company
Finding your way in a big company like Google can be a challenge. Seek others out and work together to forge your career.
Things get stagnant over trivial things at times.
Can have some long hours.
Team members can be a bit antisocial
Nothing I can think of .
Competitive among coworkers. Everyone's a genius!
Long commute if you don't live close to the office
Shares some of the same challenges as any large workplace.
Didn't find any cons yet.
lots of work and really have to think outside the box
Constant changes Career mobility is challenging
Everyone is type A and it can be overwhelming keeping up with all the changes to products, etc.
So far, no. Might be too much information for any new comers~
Many great product areas all of which are moving fast. Deciding can be difficult :)
Building the world's most formidable weapons of psychological warfare.
Not open as it used to be.
Performance reviews. Fishbowl effect. SMT ideology.
Low salary, crazy deadlines, too much stress
* Promo process that disproportionately rewards politics and favoritism * Mountain View-centric * The "social justice" focus of upper management, while well-intentioned, is toxic to morale
There's a big gap between vision and execution. The Google machine moves slowly. The products are what can be built and launched after passing 101 reviews.
The job itself is less than inspiring
Managing over achievers who are mismatched for the positions they are hired for.
too much office politics and not much internal transparency.
Really Expensive to live in Palo Alto
A little too PC for me.
Nothing much I can think of
no real chance of getting in unless you know someone, contract positions test you before Google buys you.
No cons that I can think of.
Consensus driven decision making. Without social skills it will be hard to convince others to get on board with your great idea.
political growing up, committee promo process bad
With intense deadlines and schedules the stress levels can rise sometimes too high...
Everything. Bad bosses. Bad management.
Competitive without constructive collaboration at times
No cons. Everything is amazing.
Grown from "scrappy" startup to Mega-company More corporate than in the "early days" Need to be more aware and cognizant of corporate structure Hard to maintain healthy work-life balance, though it's encouraged.
too hard of work and time comsuming
large company, politics, you can probably get a more senior role in a different company
Almost everybody is very good, although there is no official competition everybody is trying his/her best and that can be tiring over time, talk about "imposter syndrome" comes up regularly. I would sometimes prefer less chaos but I guess it is hard to create the perfect environment for everybody.
Company is getting too big
Some large company challenges (approvals, hierarchy, etc.)
sooooo big that its hard to get anything done
Small desk, crowded offices, non-engaging managers, no chance to advance,
Location is okay, but can be sometimes hard to find if new to area.
there is no cons, guys. It's Google.
no real con for this company
Growing fast = lack of structure and design process
Very slow moving bureaucracy. When I first started I was working on a new database roll out that should have taken 6 months and was still not done 3 years later.  Chaotic approach to project management: there is a semi-constant state of reorganization that goes on, with people and projects moved from office to office and continent to continent with no concern for how this impact efficiency.  Political evaluation process. Since everyone can rate anyone else and everyone is stacked ranked against anyone else, there is a motivation to stab people in the back. People don't tend to give proper credit to other people's work for the same reason. It makes for a competitive and not very nice environment within one's own team.  There is a lot of lip service for work/life balance but if you actually work 9 to 5 your coworkers will rate you down for it.
unstable environment, could use better management
feels too much like a big company nowadays :(
Too many chefs, depending on the org
Starting to ossify with process and rules. Performance review and promo process is a farce.
I have no complaints yet
No cons I can really think of
Certain days there was little to no work.
Very competitive, salaries differ by location and role
Cons are basic in every multinational company, if we find cons in every stage we can't see the future pros
- Large company, your individual contribution may feel small - Getting a little ossified
You need to be ready to work with completely new technologies
Bureaucratic, corporate, corporate, and bureaucratic...and corporate
Toxic Working Environment Recruiting Management Bullying HR does not care about employees rights. No Work-Life balance
its a very big company
Feel ignored sometimes while at work
interview, hiring, job offer, referral, promotion,
There are not much downsides which is absolutely astonishing. Google campus is amazing because there are many recreational activities. However the hiring process is very stressful because of the limited jobs at Google and the high amount of connections needed to work for Google.
Work hours are very long and demanding.
Roles change all the time.
Work can be high pressure and stressful at times.
too much work, sometimes the projects lost momentum’s once a while so it’s hard to focus sometimes. That’s a real problem
Harder to stand out because everybody is good.
jerks, psychopathic narcissists, cost of living in the Bay Area
Doesn't have fully paid sabbaticals
None to complants. At all
Nothing that I can think of
Seems that most people are on the arrogant side that work here. When I try to say a simple, "hello" to people, they turn their head and look away or down at their phones. Not sure what this is all about, but it comes across as very rude. Most of the people here are also very young and look alike (skinny and aesthetically well maintained), and it makes a person that is older, let's say 40+ feel unwelcome to apply because they don't feel as if they would have a chance. There are a few older people, but not many. So, these two complaints I've actually heard others mention as well. Overall feel is that they are hiring only certain types of people, even though their countless training videos say that they are supposed to be fair and square across the board.
They're spying on you, and I figured out how. I was immediately fired for saying I would expose it.
more and more perks went away over the last several years. defrag & reorg happens pretty often. Not every project can survive.
no accountability. many don't know what they do
people are nice, the work environment is good and creative
It is a big company that comes with some big company churn.
You almost miss the past
Promotion process is too complicated.
Too big, growth potential is limited. Work is rote.
Lack of upward mobility / promotions. Need to go to a different teams for career advancement / new challenges.
Too much work. Sometimes it is like 90 hours a week.
Getting large, so it's hard to make a big positive impact
I do not have anything to say in this section.
Lots of high turnover because some of the work left might become mundane for high achieving individuals.  Easy to get bored
Growing fast, culture declining with growth, leadership struggling to create priorities and plans for marketing org, poor onboarding experience, very political, adding layers on layers of middle management with big egos, bureaucratic, hard to get things done, false promise of not being hierarchical, little work life balance due to competitive landscape internally, micro-managers that lead by fear even tho it’s against company culture, HR tends to give management benefit of the doubt no matter what the complaint or how many complaints.
It's a big company which can sometimes make it hard to navigate. But, that comes along with lots of resources to do interesting work.
Can get you too comfortable.
Work life balance can be challenging if you are not careful.
nothing, its google, everything is great
Competitors have creeped into the Ad space in mobile an social.
If you aren't loved by managers you wont get promoted. Will set higher expectations if they do not like you to avoid giving you promo.
Many rewrites of the system. Not very interesting.
Becoming a very large corporate
Bureaucracy common to large companies. No more the startup like environment.
Large org bureaucracy issues makes cross department collaboration slow sometimes. Strict code reviews could sometimes slow down your work. Different set of tools to learn.
I still have to come to work
Didn't get a return offer without much explanation
sometimes hours were long and unpredictable
As the company gets bigger things start to move a lot slower
There are no cons working for Google
It is a large company so not as nimble as a startup.
glass ceilings, upward growth stagnant
If you work on hardware, then be prepared to be treated as 2nd class citizen. This company is extreamly bureaucratic. Since everything has to run by committee here, all the committee were run by people who’s only done Software and have no idea the challenge of building hardware. Getting promotion in hardware is impossible here. Nobody in our org ever gets promoted the entire time I work here. I’ve met some of the best Engineer here but worst managements and executive I’ve ever seen. Everyone just talks big ideas, but never gotten anything done. Projects get created and canceled so frequently you are always wasting time. It now make sense why half the things announced on Google IO ever gets released. Ad is the only thing that’s ever successful in this company. Food is free but very mediocre compares to most of the cafe I’ve been in the valley. Budget for perks has been going down year after years. DO NOT JOIN HERE because of their old reputation.
Growth opportunity is limited, have some less impressive routine job
Google is not longer one company. It's 20 companies in one so it can be overwhelm and streessful
It's become a huge company, with nearly 80,000 employees. Can be difficult to navigate, sometimes challenging to get stuff done quickly. Career growth / opportunities can be more limited for folks not based in Mountain View
You end up working a lot!
There were absolutely no Cons.
- Competition is fierce. Everyone is striving for limited promotions and visibility, and that leads to people sabotaging or just not helping each other. - Managers are powerful. If yours doesn't want you to succeed, they have a great deal of control over your future at the company. - Switching teams is not as easy as advertised. Honestly, applying to Google from the outside is easier than trying to join a new team. If your manager doesn't want you to switch teams, you will not switch teams. - HR will not help you if a problematic situation happens. They are there to protect the company. While nice individuals, they will happily tell you untrue information to help Google and hurt you. - Promotion culture is insidious. Everyone is trying to get promoted to make more money, and the system around promotion encourages the wrong kinds of risk-taking: bold but useless new products, hoarding credit, blaming others for your mistakes. - If a product is at risk, one or two people may be collectively blamed to save the whole. I saw this happen multiple times. A deadline is missed, so an agreement is hatched the the problem was person X or person Y. That way, person X or Y can be fired and the others promoted because they made progress despite working with someone as lowly as X or Y. - Fakeness. Individuals at Google are largely wonderful, but the company encourages you to keep and tow the line. Smile. Be Googley. Pretend we're all collaborating openly. But, in the back of everyone's mind is their career path, their promo, and how other people can be used to get them there or discarded if they do not. - A few PMs and manager are very poor performers and their teams suffer as a result. Many PMs and managers are wonderful. It depends on the team you get, which is largely a question of luck. - A culture which somewhat coddles through its benefits leads some to stay dependent and socially immature, especially if joined right out of college.
Operations focused and slow decision making
Nothing I can think of
Sometimes the pressure to do more can be too much which might also be a good thing for development
Total disrespect for employees, lying.
Cons are largely department specific
Lack of job satisfaction. Basically you're a robot. Very high turnover in recruiting org. Long commute.
- the "niceness" can sometimes get in the way of faster decision making - Competitors like apple and amazon are ruthless. At some level, Google needs to adapt as well
Becoming less innovative as time progresses
Lose some of your identity. No recognition for contributions.
No one tells you that you have an expiration period when you join Google. When you hit a certain age/tenure, you are considered a "Greygler" and if you are on unsupportive team, you are treated as completely disposable. The company does nothing to try to keep long term Googlers employed and basically encourages you to quit by bullying you out of your job (given bad review scores, no manager support). I left the company with such a bad taste in my mouth after giving a decade of my life to them. It is so incredibly difficult to transfer.
People are somewhat brainwashed across the board
none its a great company
The sheer size of the organization can make it hard to get things done quickly due to all the stakeholder management.
- Experience and environment can vary significantly by function, role and managers - Different classes of roles, depends on where you are at the food chain - More senior, more politics - Talent development, internal mobility and succession planning are rudimentary - Specialists more valued than generalists
Googlers can be the most entitled people, but if you choose your team wisely then it's not a big deal.
Focus, limited career options, management changes
Hard to get promoted and move up.
Amount of travel and job organization
Change is the only constant, constant re-orgs, hard to navigate policies and information overload.
If you're thinking that the work is going to be really interesting, you're probably going to be disappointed.
So many highly qualified people that almost everyone is overqualified for the job they're doing. Sales culture much weaker than product culture.
bad food, living in the Bay Area is bad
not very fast from design to delivery
When they hire people, they mostly downlevel. And they're not transparent about this.
workload might need overtime working sometimes
As the company has gotten bigger, it has really slowed the opportunity for advancement. There are a lot of smart, ambitious people and it's difficult for people to get the level of responsibility and individual impact that they crave.
Not getting the work done and being stuck on something and making sure everything is up and going before the dead line
The company is big. Really big. It has struggled for years to maintain a "startup-like" environment, and in many areas it succeeds. But as the company scales there are more frequent instances of internal politics guiding decisions instead of pure technical merit.
have to work alot of hours and no sleep
Too many people, too bg
no negatives about working at google
Not enough room to progress if you are ambitious for catchy projects
Not be able to choose your project
Long weekend work shifts bad
became a very large company
Soemtimes you can get lost in lot of teams.
Very large, can be bureaucratic.
The only cons are basically the coffee machine not working, and competition with other companies like Microsoft.
Long hours sometimes but not too bad
None. Very good place to get a start on your career. You’ll meet some great people and learn many things.
Promotion is a slow and long process for most.
Horrid traffic "Luck of the draw" of landing on a good team -- an unhelpful or hostile manager can sink you with little oversight
Working with a lot of people who strongly think they're smarter and more talented than most other people.
Be aware of gTech WSE roles. If you are being interviewed, only consider SWE unless you don't care. Bureaucracy, slow to respond to market threats, bloated teams, cross-divisional tension. The quality of the engineers is possibly dropping with lots of unexperienced engineers. Promotion in gTech is based on who you know. Google has lots of biased against minorities such as caucasian Americans.
Lots of A type personalities.
or don't work there, idk
none what so ever do add
None that I can think off
Lots of overtime, can be hard at times to find a work life balance
lots of work lots are expected from you
Lack promotional oppurtunities from with in. Environment not condusive to high productivity
-Has grown very big, definitely not a "start-up culture" and hasn't been for a long time -Red tape and bureaucracy has ballooned -Everything takes forever to be approved or launched, so many layers and "chefs in the kitchen" -With Ruth as the new CFO, things are definitely in "cost-cutting" mode: Compensation, Travel, Perks, Work Projects, etc -Definitely feels like you are just a "cog in a machine" nowadays
The work could be difficult and it was stressful, since the work could affect millions.
Hard to advance or change projects
The timing that this job takes from you is the absolute worst. I went through 2 divorces because I was stuck at work. Well... Its probably the fact that I'm not that great of a husband, but still you have no personal life.
promotion is a little slow here.
- Some managers are making boxes in the team.
So big that it can be tough to advance
It may be a great one but it is a big company now. That bothers some. Big company means very different experiences depending on where you work. Don't take any one review as gospel. Lots of politics and some in fighting, successful leaders know how to manipulate people but not in a bad way,.
Mediocre Middle Management Political Environment Long Work Hours
None, loved every day. A++
I am a hard worker and also try to help others as well if needed and is willing to learn about other job position and do maintenance as well!
Untrained management easily tarnishes work you do and work visability. Unrealistic workload expectations. Everyone works until 2am.
learn many things on your own
Sometimes can be slow paced.
not enough space for work-out
d2d weird hours not enough work
Work is not very impactful and meaningful since it is such a huge company. Being a TVC is awfu. Red badges feel undervalued than a white badge. Not able to participate in a ton of Google events.
These aren't even really "cons" but things that are so different from the typical Fortune 500 company that you should be aware of: - Working with such smart people can lead to "imposter syndrome" - feeling that you aren't good enough or don't belong. - With great freedom to manage your own work, you have to be able to thrive in ambiguity. You won't get a list of work items at Google. - When everyone else has that same freedom, "herding the cats" requires a lot of people skills. You can't fall back on management to give diktats and expect that people will fall into line. The only true negative is the very high political level of group-think. If you are right-leaning, middle of the road, or even slightly left-leaning politically, you may feel shouted down if you try to participate in the wide ranging internal forums by the dominating far left (but the solution to this is easy - just ignore the political nonsense). On the plus side, with the level of dirty laundry airing that happened in 2017, this seems to be toning down and so is less of a problem than it was as of mid-2017. The media also played this up to be a bigger issue than it is.
Middle management has hard time adapting to new ideas in the industry
They try to make the performance review process fair, but a lot of it is still based on politics and favoritism. Your experience is almost entirely dependent on your manager and core team. Google is overall a great company to employees, but your day-to-day experience is defined by your core team. That being said, the company is large and constantly hiring, so if you hate your team, you can probably move to a new one relatively quickly.
Turned into a corporate america company. So lot of politics and poor management
Some teams might not have good projects. It is very important to select teams intelligently. You will using technologies developed by Google, so less opportunity to built those technologies by yourself.
Sometimes work can be stressful as you want your project to succeed.
Things are slower than in a small startup.
Top down management, very set in old ways.
Not a great place to work if you have a family, are female or have to manage people. Most managers do not have any management training, nor are they given any. There is no recognition given to engineering managers for their ability to help people's careers, performance, or as to how happy their people are with their manager. Almost all emphasis is placed on an engineering manager's technical contribution. Therefore, there is no incentive for managers to treat their employees well, meet with them or help them. Nor is there much incentive for managers to make good business decisions. Most engineering managers only care that they did something technically interesting. Whether it fails or not is not important. Whether it contributes to the company's strategy or business is not important. And certainly, whether their people grow and move forward with their careers is not important.
It's easy to get carried away and spend all your time working on cool stuff, so make sure to spend some time for off-work events
Competitive, hard to switch teams
Although some people get onto good projects, good teams and are groomed as high performers, many people feel a lot of pressure to perform well at something that isn't particularly interesting or significant. There is a fair chance that you'll be underutilized being underutilized.
management can overlook some people
You have to love bureaucracy to thrive. If you do, this isn't a con. If you don't, you've been warned!
job was some what challanging
office os located on very remote area
some of the politics were bad
Everyone watching what you do
In this position you are very limited in what work you're allowed to do. There are no promotions from this job and getting a transfer to a different job can be difficult (depending on your location). Doing the same job for 5+ years while waiting for a transfer to be available is boring.  The work can be physically difficult, many employees get repetitive stress injuries, back pain etc after a few years. Cutthroat competitive work environment leads to people rushing to have the best numbers and getting hurt.  Performance review process doesn't always fairly reflect work and there are no appeals.  No cost of living raises, COL increased a lot since I started but raises haven't kept up.
Did not enjoy the long commute. I spent about 2 hours a day commuting to work.
- Losing some focus on user - So big it can be hard to find the right person
Large organisation, lacks clear processes at times
Hierarchical, no real talent programs, highly volatile peer skills
Things are so good that you can sometimes lose your sense of ambition.
Many high impact opportunities are located in Mountain View. Limited projects elsewhere.
They make you work really hard
Mostly contract work. Opportunity for full time work, however, most programs are in the beta stage where the company tests programs to see how successful they are. This could lead to temporary/seasonal work.
Can’t get any work done with all this napping!
Recently, too many people, projects conflicting with each other.
There aren't any, actually.
Lost within a big company. Not as much innovation as one would think. Under paid over qualified scenarios.
The work life balance is tough on larger projects. However this is a part of running a business.
low pay long hours no advancement
Difficult to stand out, even on a small team. The compensation is rigidly structured based on levels and algorithms. Make sure you get a high offer coming in, because it's impossible to renegotiate your salary even when you're a high performer.
Chrome team itself is also 1000 employees
Very intense in terms of workload and competitive
Starting to get crowded at the mid to senior levels and more bureaucratic. Management quality can be spotty as management training has not kept pace with rapid hiring, so your experience with your manager can vary.
What is there no to like about Google.
Big company, which causes Google to move slowly compared to a start up.
I can't think of any downside.
Beware, do not factor equity into your package, they remove this on a whim and you'll be out thousands of dollars. Negotiate hard and remember that equity is not guaranteed.
challenging to new people
- Not innovating fast enough - Culture seems to be behind others like Facebook
Too many people, need to diversify the revenue streams
The work was difficult to do here
n/a, nothing comes to mind.
Gained a lot of weight due to all the free candy bars.
Too much of a commute for some people
Giant corporation with high levels of bureaucracy, incompetence, and politics. Very splintered geographically and organizationally. Disorganized. Poor - basically nonexistent - leadership. Food's not always good, even for free. Cynical culture.
Overabundance of middle management -- difficult to advance beyond
Many smart people, always competitive
hard to get promoted after a certain level of seniority
Coming from a military career, expectations are very vague Constantly learning how things work due to being on the bleeding edge of technology.
I'm really board and I don't feel like I am building anything new
do not know about the cons
Extremely slow to get promoted.
You'll be a drop in an ocean of many other very smart people. Which isn't all that bad, but if you are looking for front-lines action, you may be disappointed.
Peer pressure and hard to get promotion. The promotion is very fair, but takes a lot of time and effort to prepare.
Google's Recruiting organization, however, is in need of major changes. Too many redundant processes and a bad overall structure.
Hard to leave the job
have none to say now.
India has less technical presence, and hyderabad has even further less options to switch between.
an incredible amount of work
Sometimes I notice a cult-like atmosphere surrounding our products that impedes our ability to improve them. Its not too bad, though.
Lots of politics. People are very smart but also get out of their way to evolve in the organisation
There are no Cons as I remember
I don't remember any cons :)
Getting more and more political like a big company
a lot of work as well as deadlines
do not know any since I've recently started :)
Becoming a classic corporation Slow to develop and long lead times to impact product Ads business under attack by networks and newspapers Not super easy to buy media - agencies relationships are tricky!
Very hard for promotion as there ar too many talented persons
The job duty impact may not be that big.
- Not really much, there's always challenges that come with massive growth, but Google really puts its employees best interests at heart and still operates under the philosophy of putting the user first.
Promotions can be hard due to high competition
Big company, can be slow to make decisions
Getting too big and unwieldy, execution of strategy isn’t getting better, speed compared to competition such as Amazon is still way too slow
It is a big company now, so the impact of an individual contributor is very small relative to the company's output.
Bureaucratic management, usually a very not-social work atmosphere, poorly-maintained code base sometimes, technologies learned here will not transfer over to other companies.
Work can be extremely stressful
Fewer career opportunities in remote offices. Decisions are often made without ample context by senior management. Excessive meetings. Pretends to be an environment where everyone can speak freely. But as we found with James Damore, that is not the case.
Everyone is over qualified for their job
Company has grown a lot, so there's a bit more bureaucracy , revenue streams need to be further diversified.
Super competitive and can be political
- Comp - Impact
Nothing I can think of.
It all depends on the team. Avoid the People Operations "Global People Services" (GPS) team. The leadership of that organization (the Vice-President) is very hierarchical, is not transparent, is very top-down, and keeps around managers who consistently get bad reviews from their directs. Nothing is done when HR reports are filed. This is ironic since this organization sits within HR. The culture is toxic, and employees are told that the best way to get promoted is to listen to what managers say and follow their lead. It is very different from the rest of the culture at Google.
Huge Org = Red tape
It has gotten political and very large. There are over 70,000 employees. Desitions take time and the company has gotten slower.
Can at times feel hierarchical.
None that I can think of.
Some long standing leadership that creates a perception of the 'boys club' being up there, need more women in executive leadership positions. The problems that all big companies face: bureaucracy and it's hard to connect with executive leadership. Long working hours.
Commute, ethics, poor leadership, stagnant role.
Painstaking promotion process. Frequent reorg.
It's already a very big company
Some complex bonus. Difficult to get
Too big. Not enough focus on users
Company is getting bigger and bigger.
- Lot of processes, releasing new feature can take time and negotiation  - Some people are not passionate about job, prefer life/work balance  - Need to learn how to use various internal tools and libraries
less opportunities compared with startups
losing touch with outside world
Google has a lot of bad managers. They spend a ton of money trying to figure out how to make it better, but the tl,dr is that at the senior levels, a lot of the promotion committees (it's an anonymous committee, not your manager, who decides) look favorably on managing people. Especially on the manager track, the size of organization you manage seemed to matter more than how good of a manager you were. In many parts of the org, it became impossible to get the promotion to the next level unless you had a manager who was really good about helping you carve out space to manage a large organization within their org.  Career development is mostly an exercise for the reader. There's lots of opportunities available, but you have to go out and find them and push. Don't expect someone to guide you along career development.  At the senior levels, you're at a huge disadvantage outside of Mountain View. And if you're in MTV, you're either suffering a huge commute from SF, or living in an extremely overpriced boring suburb.
Google's general philosophy is to let a thousand flowers bloom, often supporting multiple similar but disjointed projects. Also, there is corporate bloat which can make decision making slow and painful.
Remote lab workers are not googly
promotion eval is terrible. It sucks
management can definitely be improved
But it isn’t that great
Culture is shifting to be like any big company
- You'll feel like a small cog in a giant wheel
dont even try your luck
some politics in the office
you'll never move the needle, you'll live there, everyone's secretly snobby.
-lack of micromanagement also has lack of guidance, feels a lot like "figure it out yourself" which wastes some time without a mentor -I feel like 50+ percent of employees are temps/contractors...why can't they hire more people full time? It lowers morale -shuttle commute is brutal at times. It's wired but I get nauseated trying to work while in a vehicle
High standard, difficult to advance
Repetitive work, can get boring
Not as much variety of work
Lots and lots of hours
Poor work life balance, low level of transparency in how employee promotion and growth decisions are being made
work load, occassional micro management
Long hours, high competition and hard work
Not so cool sometimes, temperature wise
big company now, very political, bureacratic
Nothing bad to say here.
too big. worked like in a big machine and you are just a tiny screw,
Less challenge sometimes, too much politics
culture changes with the arrival of new CFO, more cost control, cutting perks and benefits
Nothing bad to say. Very neutral
Very fast paced, it is easy to get burnt out
Management is a bit weak, and direction can be limited. Sometimes it was hard to find something worth working on. Definitely more politics and paperwork than smaller companies.  Google is really geared to 20-30 years old folks in terms of it's culture. Being over 50 makes you a rarity and a minority. Folks try to be inclusive - but the environment focuses on youth.
No obvious cons for now.
Can be slow to manifest ideas, but what big company isn't?
Time management was a concern and that's why I left
Growth can be difficult, but feasible
Feels like a very large company and can be impersonal at times. Commuting to Mountain View gets old quickly. Also, many smart people will stay in roles they don't care for because they get to work at such an amazing overall company.
Too much comfort zone, pay is surprisingly low
There is no cons...just too many interns
Too much pressure and projects take long
- Sometimes slow and stagnant - Not as "exciting" on a day to day basis as some smaller companies
none. so far so good
Not everyone is smart. Most people are stale and have gotten comfortable. Sense of entitlement for not achieving much. The amount of politics is insane. Political achievements are more important to get promoted.
Goals are high and the work itself gets mundane. There are side projects, but at the end of the day your numbers are what really matters. There are some managers that aren't fit to lead people and instead should be project managers.
Traffic to get to work is terrible
Nothing that comes to mind
every thing is good to work
Mixed middle mgmt that deflates the capabilities of an exceptional eng org
I don't feel there are any cons to working here.
Lots of work, but to be expected in this field
At times the work could be a little boring.
Long work hours, burn out is real
High expectations can cause some people anxiety.
there is no cons here
None, there's nothing wrong with the company just people are a bit off and on.
Hard to balance work and life
Finding good opportunities and chances to build big enough projects to maintain a high rating and get a promotion.
Google does not consider the people from third world
Everyone is so smart it can be intimidating
Over worked because other people were slacking at the jobs they should've been doing
low pay in the office
Feels more and more like a big company. Manager quality is highly variable, and reorgs/manager changes are more frequent than not. I also got the impression that low-performers were moved around rather than fired.
Spend a lot of time at work
Sometimes can be too relaxed
long hours rude people but overall i have no complaints
What work/life balance? 24/7
Lots of ambiguity with little guidance
competitive place to work at
Can be harder to move up than in more traditional environments.
none that i can see
One of the managers is a real duche
Feels like an intense environment sometimes, also not making as much money as other companies
Well, the name isn't the best, I think they should have picked something like Yahoo! Search
I do not really have a bad thing to say
share food for many people and you
Always so much going on. Can be hard to focus sometimes. Even Google compensation is difficult to live on in the Bay Area
Can't think of any down sides
For me, there are no downsides in working at Google.
The hardware team is too small, too little you can learn there.
- Professionalism - Poor Mid-Level Management
* You are working among the smartest in the industry, it is hard to be a superstar * The company is growing and diverging more from a startup environment
Stressful. Always competing with peers. Compensation is not great without promotions.
The things that make Google great are also what make it challenging. It is a tough corporate culture where only the strong survive.
having to leave work at the end of the day
Google has become a bit overly politicized. Communication over internal messaging often carries a disrespectful tone. People pass this off as openness and transparency, but this stuff could be communicated much more professionally. Blunt is ok, rude is not.  All that said, the culture issues are macro-level - within teams people are almost always respectful of each other. Quite a good environment.
You have to catch up that level, so work hard, harder. Not everyone is googley.
Many distractions, time management becomes difficult, inclusiveness has become the primary focus distracting from the mission objectives.
Hours can be long but it's well worth it. The people are great as it the work
no work life balance here
It's good good good for everyone
Difficult to move up and your input isn't valued that often.
If you are a TVC you will get overlooked
too busy too relax, too
- Similar to me biases are very common among managers and leans heavily to the favor of CIS white employees - One set of rules for higher level employees vs lower level employees - Management doesn't care - Management isn't qualified and legacied in from years ago - Management male dominant - Difficult to get promoted with BS rules of time in role - Female employees always given less opportunity
very little upside to get to the next level
Very large, must be proactive to not fee anonymous
I cant think of any
There are no cons at this company.
too much work in the office
Growing more political, including many projects cancelled due to miscommunications and bad planning up and down the chain.
could have been higher pay
far far far far far far
The culture can be overbearing at times.
Getting a little too big and internal mobility isn't great. Too many process and rules in place, too many people need to approve. Moving toward to a big corporate.
Nothing that I can think of
Trek to mountain view can be exhausting.
Attracts a more risk-averse candidate pool these days.
Cannot think of any downsides.
Only contract not full time
A bit bureaucratic at times, and sometimes it feels like you're working on a small piece of a much bigger puzzle.
Lots of work but good benefits
Not growing very fast, some projects are boring
Some projects for interns aren't very impactful
just another number and not motivated
none i really can't think of any bad memories here well sometimes u work a lot when u have a project
none that I can think of
Intense competition between others in program
Too many checks and balances.
slow, big company, many employees
Food is getting worse, especially in mountain view
smart people, flexible schedule, good for software
Very hostile to people with right wing political opinions
Cost of living excessive if you coming from outside
I can't find any cons
They make me work in a sweatshop
nothing and i repeat nothing
Can't think of any at all.
Hard to keep the rhythm
A lot of politics, large organization
Bathrooms are dirty and smelly
Projects can be mediocre. Intern doesn't get a lot of access
After 5 years at Google, working in the US and Australia, it's staggering that I struggle to think of any cons worth mentioning
Work can be pretty hectic and stressful
None except for it ending
The product development process can be bureaucratic and not transparent. Lots of repeated work across product areas, last minute cancellation of product launches. Career growth comes from self-marketing and "putting in your time" - new ideas and hard work aren't always rewarded. Leadership is not very inspiring.
Growing bureaucracy within Marketing affecting speed of execution and decision making.
Pressure and pressure . Too many products . Also there are so many smart people who are software engineers during the work
Getting big. People scared of us for no reason.
Lots of travel and team bonding events that don't take into account work/life balance considerations.
Company is huge so you work on small projects relative to the bigger scope of things
Work can be stressful, management can be unsupportive
lots of red tape, lack of transparency on decision making, slow time to decisions,
peer pressure is great sometime
There are not much cons
Occasional communication issues that can interfere with design progress
Procedures are drowning and may take month.
CEO does not really care about ads If you are not in ENG org, you are second tier Promo process is a nightmare
The food is too good and i'm getting fatter
Limited advancement depending on career track.
Political minded leaders, discrimation at its highest levels
None really unless maybe the fact that sometimes, competition can be stiff
Wrong project choices are bad for career
stressed, small exposure, low pay
Google is a huge company and getting bigger all the time.
Process can get in the way, a few of your co-workers are a bit too entitled
Many people are too obsessed with promotions.
Not linked with software development
Long hours and sometimes stressful
Sometimes things move very slowly due to google's size
There is no cons. Like I said they go out of their way for each of their employees . They pay for the training for every employee
Work hours are sometimes log, but manageable.
Large company, can feel like a machine requiring sign off at many levels
no cons at all loves this place
Towards the end of my time there they started hiring managers in my department who didn't fit the company culture and who were horrible to work with and under.
No cons about Google, awesome place
Project week can get stressful if you don't manage your time
Only a contract position. Should be permanent.
*Stressful if you let it be
I was sad to see my friends switch to Yahoo for increased salary.
Headcount is always an issue
Feels like limited movement within the company. Like you need to leave and comeback to get where you want to be.
very cutthroat with competition sometimes
Politics can be too much at times.
Lack of moving up if you are apart of a small program
it is very competitive and sometimes boring
Difficult to integrate small app in huge Google infrastructure
It's a big corporation and operates as one. unequal treatment
The sales organization (GBO) is looked down upon by some people even though they make all the money for the company. If considering GBO, be thoughtful about your future career path at the company and if you'd like to move from GBO to product side consider whether that will be easier to do within Google vs working someplace else first.
Very difficult to get promoted.
Lots of people and not enough to keep them all busy
Can start to feel dependent on all that Google provides. Makes it difficult to imagine even ever leaving.
No cons to speak of- great experience.
Traffic is pretty bad, some peer pressure
It's a big company, with politics and the need to fit the bureaucracy in order to grow Not the best place for startup-minded people
Not interesting work, management is okay
Nothing is bad about google
None to mention yep yep
I loved working at Google until I was unlucky enough to be transferred into a team with a bad people manager. This manager ruled through confusion and an iron fist, most likely because it was clear that the entire team was smarter than this manager. I had no clear direction on my role, or even what the outcome of the project the team was working on, no matter how many times I asked. I quickly became bored and frustrated and soon realized that I was not learning anything new, and the transferrable skills I did bring were not being utilized. That's when I started looking outside the company, and here is what I found at my new job: 25% increase in salary, 50% more vacation time and 150% increase in bonus target. Once I left, I realized just how old fashioned Google really is regarding Management, Performance Reviews, and other HR-related issues. Perf and Calibration were abandoned by most companies years ago because it doesn't work in identifying the best performers, but at Google it defines you forever. Lastly, during orientation the advice given to the Nooglers is "don't be a jerk". It turns out that I have never worked at a company that had more jerks than Google. The egos and arrogance I encountered were off the charts. It was easy to overlook when I liked what I was doing, but once I was put under the bad manager my eyes were opened to the ugly reality of working at Google.
You have to reach a minimum promotion level. There is a lot of pressure to reach this level and it can be stressful.
Often no time to take advantage of the great things
Not one I can think of.
The company has gotten pretty big,things feel more difficult to get done than they used to.
Everything moves slow I wait for permissions for more than a month
Management may change vision, goals and organizational structure too frequently. Constant challenge of information overload. Can get a little uncomfortable if you're not a young party animal and politically liberal about everything.
overrated, looking for growth, people weird
highly talented people may be given mundane tasks
Not a good place for career opportunities
There was not much room for growth. Not competitive enough with coworkers. Everyone got the same pay no matter how well they did.
Not many job opportunities at data centers
Policies Not much guidance for new employees
Low base salary, going up for promotion is an opaque process
Nothing much that I can think of
It's very hard to leave, even if I find a more intellectually rewarding job in a different place, for three reasons: 1. I have un-learned any skill that I may have had that permitted me to operate in a cut-throat workplace. I'd probably suffer through a steep learning curve if I moved to a company where people are mean. 2. I now know that you *can* have a nice career in an collaborative and cooperative environment, and that that's even healthier and more productive than the cut-throat workplaces. So I'd be constantly reminded of that if I ever left. 3. Stock vesting is set up in a way that makes you want to stay to vest all the stocks you're getting, and every refresh adds more stocks that will vest over 3 years, such that you always have stock coming in soon that you don't want to leave without :)
Young company that is still figuring stuff out. Some teams have no work/life balance - depends on your manager / VP. Tends to chase the latest and greatest thing, doesn't put enough resources behind endeavors for them to succeed.
Will never be able to tolerate a lesser work environment.
Gained a lot of weight :')
Extremely saturated, hard to grow, very political. You're just one of the many pawns to make money.
Google is a big company, so isn't like a startup.
- politics - T5+ promotion is difficult
Not really anything bad to say
Finance at Google isn't too exciting as finance doesn't have a seat at the table.
It is a job and with any job it isnt fun 100% of the time
Poor wages, staff was very hirable off the street.
You may not see your own contribution.
Not much to speak of!
Sometimes it feels like it's too big - communication between teams can take too long.
- Some projects are slowed down a little by the size at which Google operates - Generally the company is very transparent, but there are some issues where you feel a bit left in the dark
It's really big and it's hard to forget that if you're in Mountain View
Working with cross organizational teams can be challenging dealing with conflicting styles and priorities.
You'll work too many hours, nights, weekends.
Can be hard to communicate across teams
- hard to drive meaningful impact, especially in POPs - excessive weight placed on academic credentials in personnel decisions - training for people managers is lacking
As far as I face every time new tasks and new technology . I will face new challenges in router and switch.
Don't expect to get paid if u slacking off.
None that I can think of.
- tremendous and sometimes vicious politics - career advancement is tied to your manager and what you work on - career mobility is very limited outside of MTV
The pace is slower than at a smaller company, which makes sense. There is a rigorous code review process, etc., to maintain quality.
It's a large organization, and like any big company, there are systemic challenges that are difficult to change.
-Class divide between contractors and full time employees are obvious and can make contractors feel like second class citizens.
Because it is now a rather large company, there is the customary politics that come with the territory. This becomes a bit transparent during perf time (which is the twice-annual promotion/bonus assessment time).
The learning curve could be difficult at first but, I am excited to try new things
There really are no cons to working at Google.
-Google has grown to be a huge organization and sometimes have to work through different levels and teams to push for the change you want.
big company sometimes moves slowly
Not much allowance fir work from home , which might be a major con given several other companies allow this
compensation is not great and also depends on the project you work on
Commute Slow promotion process Less innovative attitude than previous days
Bureaucracy Advancement ...takes forever to get promoted Salaries aren't great...you can.make.more.jumping around to another company
Long hours, not much else
sucks sometimes because you have high value clients that put stress
Too political - if you are conservative you are shunned by some
The company has too many employees.
It's already a huge company
Dated facilities (Googleplex), difficult to find common workspaces and meeting rooms, average paid vacation time, long work hours.
Very few cons. Mainly, it's getting a bit large, so it's hard to have a sense of how you are contributing. The promotion system is designed to be fair by having anonymous committees review written packets and you can self-nominate, but as a result the burden of proving you are promotable is extremely high. You (or your manager) really have to be focused on promotion, find and work on projects with the right demonstrable complexity and impact, and have extensive written documentation and peer statements to validate. The entire process can take years.
Chaotic. Geek-heavy culture stifles diversity, esp from females.
Challenging growth prospects for mid career professionals Growing distance between C-level and rank & file
Promotion process too arbitrary. I got extremely good ratings but still was passed over for far too long. Promo still requires a "launch" with a right kind of metrics to impress the committee.  Bay Area too expensive. I'm leaving for Seattle -- it's expensive too, but it's *possible* to buy a condo/house there without a ridiculous commute. The past 5 years of price-doubling have prevented me from getting into the market even at my good software engineer salary. Priced out of market -- seriously. The people who can bear to live near work are married Google couples, new grads from India or China living together crammed into crappy small houses... or people who bought a place 5 years ago before $750k, 2 bedroom, 1200 sq ft houses became $1.5M.  My skills were note utilized, I couldn't get transferred onto the right teams where I could apply my Ph.D. research.
Large company, sometimes moves slowly.
hierarchy is heavy and new hands are happy
There are no growth opportunities without getting a degree or certifications and you are not able to learn on the job. Transferring to a new job is extremely difficult.
work life balance can be improved
big company of 70000 FT employees
Great, talented people working as small cogs in the engine
There are too many politics and legacy products.
corporate, but that is to be expected
BS going up, long hours
Company is growing really big, so for lower-level engineers it's harder to make a significant impact. Most tools are internal only, so if you switch company you'll need to relearn the whole development stack.
Difficult to get in, visa issues, one of many
Some of the hours can interfere with personal life.
Way too many cooks in the kitchen
No real con's that I can come up with.
Projects can come and go at the whim of management, which can be frustrating
Too much ladder focussed. Feels like caste system at work. People are respected only when you have achieved certain level and ladder. Recruiter will sell you "you can change to any job type after spending 1 year" and I can assure you this is 100% incorrect. You will get stuck at job type. Promotions are very difficult but not impossible if you have right support system built around you.
As with all start-ups, there's higher risk of the business getting shut down. Also, layoffs and attrition have impacted morale.
Do you love ad sales? That's 99% of the work.
A lot of unnecessary meetings. Projects are not challenging.
Company is becoming larger every year
Typical big company issues have started creeping in - deep reporting chains, duplicative and competing projects across teams etc.
A lot of cliques like high school. Google morality
I can't think of anything negative to say.
- big company problems - not the biggest pay master
It's getting too big. A lot of process to get things done.
you are small in a big pond
Very fast paced work environment.
*competitive *limited vertical movement especially in satellite offices *too many products to become a specialist
Company is big. There are significant internal organizational complexities. Lots of time can be spent on navigating through internal organizations, management, promotion logistics etc, than actually building quality products.
I don't see any cons to working here
Very large organization, difficult to get promotions
It has a very competative atmosphere
if you're younger in your career & want to get a ton of experience fast, this is not the place for you
Long hours and a long commute for me ended up being hard
- People are often over-qualified for their jobs.
Very intense - people work a ton of hours. Hard to manage work/life balance. Also sometimes hard to get teams to work together across orgs.
My team was too big, too fast. It led to some people feeling siloed and not taking responsibility for their work.
1) Google hires smartest people with rocket science background but asks them to do simple things. 2) Too many managers. If you are talented engineer you will soon find yourself alone in the room with 6 managers discussing what you should do next.
Vendors and contractors are treated worse and worse as time goes by, where many are being moved off the campuses into buildings without Google standard facilities, like cafes or gyms.
No cons about this position
Company is pretty huge at this point.
Some people have gotten to expect the benefits they receive, making them quite unpleasant to work with.
Not enough income
Tedious could do more team activities.
- Getting big and bureaucratic - Mid-level management is Terrible (ofcourse depends on organization) - They underpay
Crazy hours, but awesome work environment.
Long hours, not much flexibility.
Can be stressful at times with work life balance
Too big and too hard to promote.
none I can think of
Lots of disruption- annual reorg, not much promotion opportunity particularly outside of MTV
Extremely ambiguous work environment with little structure.
The Google culture is mostly a facade. There are many programs and tools designed to foster things like psychological safety, inclusiveness, mindfulness... but they are pretty shallow. It's like they are there just because that's what "progressive" companies do. They are created, and probably managed based on data that the leaders have no idea how to interpret. It doesn't come from the heart, because AI androids don't have hearts, of course. I used a contact form to report witnessing blatant sexism by senior leaders. My report went unanswered. I contacted my HRBP to discuss a sensitive topic. S/he acted like I was just a bother.  The legendary perks have faded. Of course, the standard health/stock/retirement benefits are fantastic. But the food and fun budgets are dwindling fast.  Perhaps worst of all: like so many prestigious institutions, Google attracts people who are driven by status. The result is that you have too many with slick credentials but mediocre talent, and almost no authentic interest in industry. Then, instead of producing great work, they get along with strategic elbow-rubbing and excessive self-promotion.  Speaking of self-promotion, the performance review process is onerous and unhelpful. But not anymore than that at most big companies, from what I hear.  All that said, I'm incredibly grateful for my job, even as I plot my escape. If I were a few years younger and more amenable to the corporate lifestyle, I'd be all in for several years, at least.
Mountainview is the best place to work at Google, other locations have less options for work.
Can be difficult to get things done with so much going on within the team
- Everyone outside of work won't stop asking about Google - All of the free food and dessert will make you fat - Co-workers with a god complex everywhere. They're all at the top of their games with little humility. You will get lonely. - Minimal chance for advancement - Everyone is on edge here. No one can relax. You will get lonely. - My co-worker insulted a Chinese co-worker all the time and no one said a word which is indicative of the culture here. - Long commute times on the over-packed buses akin to taking two coach flights per day on the smallest airplane. - Outdated equipment - Broken toilets everywhere. Broken bikes everywhere. Everything is broken. - Knowing that this is the best job on that planet makes all of this even more depressing - The Google exceptionalism mentality permeates everything and everyone here. - Low wages compared to competition - I could go on and on
Nothing as of yet. I feel like I haven't been here long enough to see anything that's a con. Bureaucracy tends to seep into any organization if it gets large enough, but Google does a good job of battling that.
Not too much to complain about.
Too little vacation in US.
Needs more diversity throughout the orgs
Get in the wrong workgroup and you will find plenty of political, arrogant colleagues.
- You will not make your number unless you are personally connected with management and are given top accounts. The nepotism is the worst I have ever seen in my career. Certain managers are just openly favoring their friends. - Sales operations is not a mature operation. The CRM data is totally incorrect, payouts for deals often go to the wrong rep... literally a 50-50 shot that you will get paid on what you sold. Trying to get contract changes approved is a nightmare. Facts - - 10% of outside field reps on an individual number made their number last year. Many were not even close. - In my region there were two reps out of 20 over quota. Those two reps, of course, were handed accounts that would have been buying from anyone. All about which accounts you are handed. - The uplifts on quota are absurd. 100%, 150% increases over what that territory did last year. Unless you have a huge, new deal... and given the length of the sales cycle it will be a year or two if you are not handed an account, you will not hit quota. If people were shown how many reps missed quota last year and understood their chances of success coming in, they would have a difficult time recruiting people... and this is an opportunity to work at Google.
Half of your salary is dedicated to your total employee compensation package. So the free food isn't really free. Your hopes of getting a promotion can change on a whim. Upper management is disconnected from the Data Center and have no clue or does not care about morale in this department. Many leads do not have a good work/life balance.
very big company now so more bureaucracy
Difficult to get work on interesting projects
Management was terrible. My supervisor discriminated against me and some of my peers , favored others.
Bureaucracy is probably the number one complaint I hear from former employees. Former employees complain about the number of people that must now be consulted to get anything done.
The intern program is very big . Business and tech interns don't see much of each other.
There were long hours for this job.
Bureaucracy is insane. Open-office plans
Company has a lot of ladders which makes internal movement hard if not based in the US
hard to create a work-life balance
- (Depends a lot on where you are ) Work might be less interesting than you want - Promotion system can be very demoralizing because you're being judged by others who may not have full context. So it incentivizes "salesmanship" which is not a skill that everyone has. - keeps getting bigger every year, so it becomes harder to have the same levels of trust, benefits, etc as before - new CFO is putting the hammer down (This might actually be a good thing as I think there were a lot of wasteful projects before)
Pay is not suitable for surrounding area.
- Very large company (could be both good and bad)
Cost cutting feels apparent since Ruth Porat became CFO. Huge amount of employees can make it feel very impersonal, and the experience you have is much more dependent on the team you join than anything to do with the company itself. Focus on performance reviews and promotions can be debilitating and cause people to focus on the wrong things. Senior management on my team was based on a different continent and felt disconnected.
Hard to move up in the company
Google has an enormous codebase. Lots of jobs are just doing maintenance to keep your service up with the many internal monolithic tools that are constantly being deprecated. Solutions tend to be overwrought in order to "demonstrate complexity" for promotion committees.  So much competition when you are basically a cog can be discouraging. Many coworkers work in evenings and weekends. There is no 20% time. It is really difficult to get promoted when there are very few open slots.
Finding and retaining employees to serve the community of IV. Having a staff committed every single second, minute, and hour everday. 1440!
Company culture has grown very cynical Lack of support for employees Large and bureaucratic company, too big to have much face to face interaction
works at breakneck speed, will burn you out, hyper collaboration to a fault.
Internal mobility has become very challenging in the last 3+ years - employees arent trusted to be smart capable workers able to learn and stretch in new challenges & roles. Proven experience is all that is respected now. Leaders now tend to just care about bottom line - the end justifies the means.
Not the best pay I would say
It is a very large organization => politics, can be slow to make decisions (which can result in wasting people's times.
Everything becomes very routine so it gets boring after a while
Not found much yet I guess.
bad middle management, slow to make decisions
I would say middle management tends to be a challenge for the company. This could be due to the caliber of talent at all levels which I think poses a challenge for management to really know how to lead. Also there is a desire to maintain a startup mentality and culture but Google is far from a startup.
Contracting as a "visual data specialist" is way that google can maintain a cheap labor pool in the states (though they also have a counterpart office in India) without providing benefits or longevity to employees. contract is a standard 2 years.
Peers are all very smart guys, you're not easy to perform outstandingly as in other companies.
Bad hours and wanted me to work all the time
a lot of hours on weekends
Since everyone is very smart, you may feel low at the beginning. So this is a heads up for anyone starting work at Google.
Middle management is very political. Lot of bureaucracy , so things get done slower than in previous years. We have hired tons of folks from other Tech companies into leadership positions and the work culture in Google is no longer "Googly". My advice to anyone who is thinking about joining Google - Do not join for the perks, benefits, work culture. Join if you like the role you are being offered.
None that I have run into.
- No major downsides. However, I'd leave if I got a really good offer somewhere else.
None that I can think of. The commute is long, but that's my problem, not theirs.
People are not very friendly.
Long Days and stressful hours
-- There's too much emphasis on quantifying results even when what you're trying to measure can't be boiled down to numbers -- There's a push to compete with other employees and a rush to get visibility in the department, which leads to an enormous amount of unnecessary presentations in meetings -- Some managers try to push you to move your career in a direction that you don't want to go -- There are limited promotions, so you have to move laterally in the company before you can move up
- Lack of structure - High product/service concentration on digital media - Disparate competing priorities leading to lack of vision for certain groups
Slow consensus building, not enough fast decisions.
More overtime, weekend working. More politics. Less efficient. Many VP level manager are not good. Waste money and time. Some people do not have basic working skill.
there's a long commute from SF
No Cons. Just love this place
The long hour shifts that I have to do,but I will do my best to be helpful and positive to the kids.
Distributed decision-making means you have to get lots of people involved to make big changes happen.
Bad environment sometimes for freshers. Learning curve will slow down as one has to concentrate more on protocols
Long commute if you can't work from SF.
-Became a big company -A lot of red tape -Unclear role and responsibilities distribution
Surprising how disconnected projects that you would expect to be aware of each other. The 'culture' there can also be rude if you are not from an engineering background
Horrible commute from the city. No creativity in role.
demanding - sometimes hard to find work life balance
- Struggles to against against a strategy in many groups - Moved away from the scrappy days to indulgent and extensive spending on projects that often just get scrapped - culture in some groups has changed - leadership isn't interested in protecting Google's special cultural values of the past - HR/People Operations are less and less invested in culture or people - some groups don't have solid product vision or strategy
Meetings can be tire some
Too big a company so each one gets to work on a small piece
I cant think of any cons
It is getting bigger. Some managers are from other established companies. They tend to bring bad cultures from other companies to google.
High pressure work environment. Highly male dominated.
Crowded. Most projects are not very interesting. Interesting projects have many people jumping on them and have usually been done to death.
Upward mobility within this particular project is limited.
no downside I really like to work here
a lot of politics, work is less appreciated and bluffing.
Management can be a bit rude at times
It's consensus driven culture (which has its own pros), but can sometimes feel slow to execute
- Google becomes more bureaucratic each year - Many levels of hierarchy for each product decision
Depending on the department, management can either be completely hands off or micro-manage. Can also be limited promotional opportunities.
Avoid gTech and Ads organizations in general. Things are slow and top heavy
There aren't many managers who understand how to leverage people's abilities. Most just want cookie-cutter worker bees.
Peers are more interested in hierarchy and promotion than any mission Managers come from this this culture, and most know no other way Managers manage too many people to match the expectations of any other company. Consequently, Google lets them off the hook my not assessing the characteristics of a good middle manager. Recruiting process leads to poor outcomes (team mismatch) that can be difficult to rectify Don't be fooled by books and articles documenting Google's early years, this is a company in middle age where process trumps everything else!
coffe machine, so far from my home
The commute from San Francisco to Mountain View got to be too much.
high paced not for everyone very tech focused
well if u don,t like building full of smart hard working funny people this company is not for you
Google always hire upper managers but don't hire enough people to do the work. Every time new management cones in, they will do a reorg. Not efficient.
HARD WORK VERY STRESSFUL but worth it
Commute from SF to MTV is long
- For all the search monopoly money Google has, there are few projects that try to solve major world problems, such as climate change. - A lot of colleagues do not seem to care about making the world a better place for the poor. - Two-tiered work environment with engineers/high power full time employees on one side and most other employee types on the other. Google "Google red badge."
Lousy benefits (through temp. agency), Unavoidable politics within Google, Over reliance on metrics.
There was no enough assignments
Being a large organization as it is today chances for advancement may not be as accessible as elsewhere, although I've only been in this company full-time and only have second-hand knowledge about other work places.
Horrible mid management, culture is getting diluted
So many work challenging work because it's huge network of the word to provide services.
Too much middle management. Middle management is also not necessarily qualified to manage technical groups. There's immense pressure to be "innovative" and do impactful things, but there's no willingness to take risks.
There really isn't much bad about google
Knowing you a cog in the wheel and that are replaceable Your job isn't incredibly challenging You reach a point where compounding intelligence isn't a reality anymore A lot of bureaucracy
Not always alot of budget to work with.
The company is really large at this point, which you are starting to feel with processes, etc..
Things move very quickly, in order to compete with the Silicon Valley startups out there. Sometimes, we hurt our employees in order to achieve customer and company goals. Not necessarily a bad thing for the customer, but it definitely has an effect on team morale and energy levels.
Not much room for personal and professional growth.
needed more work for myself
No cons at all. It was not bad.
cross-functional teams do not collaborate decisions are not always in line with stated goals
- Insulated from the outside world (both the campus and software/tools used) - Hard to figure out what to work on (downside of extreme flexibility)
Work on some of the older products can get exasperating since there isn't much more to do and it feels like a waste of time.
It's important to set work life balance boundaries.
Lots of weird corners of the company you can get stuck in.  There's a lot of engineers that find out the company classified them as something else. What's the process to move? Why, interview like an external candidate! (the dreaded ladder transfer)  Need permissions that only a few can grant (readability to commit code in a language). Depending on where you are in the company this will either be extremely easy or take months to do the simplest thing.  Transfers require good performance reviews, which means everyone moves along until they land in something which doesn't fit their skills, at which point they can never leave. There's no bad fit, just bad employees.  Look, I know I'm pretty clearly a single issue complainer, but it really is awful if you fall through the cracks.
-Terrible pay, no benefits -No chance for advancement -Vendor (Randstad) HR is terrible -Most employees do not care about the work and are extremely lazy and unqualified -Free lunch is often inedible, food poisoning is not uncommon -Favorites are picked in this office -Pod leads are not supervised by HR (can be extremely unfair, never available, etc.) -Weirdest group of employees I have ever worked with
Very competitive environment for career growth.
commute is bad housing is bad full of tech people
Difficult tasks and little directions.
Speed of execution. Google has a strong NIH culture, and a lot of the tech stack inside the company is home grown, and often needlessly complex. There is a long ramp-up time for new engineers, and it can take awhile to get simple things done.  Things are improving, but slowly.
things go wrong now and then
Google is such a great work environment that you will likely stay longer than you should. Many careers stall at Google because everyone just wants to keep working there. They won't take chances when they need to be challenged and get more experience to advance their career. Maybe the worse thing you could do START your career at Google because it will ruin the next job for you :) Be prepared to have your career go through Mountain View or New York. Only employees willing to work in HQ and abroad will advance.
Wish there was more work.
Opportunities of growth were too little
politics are worse than ever
work pressure, deadlines, challenging problems
Too much freedom without guidance. Too many code owners that can block you without a care. Too much focus on features, and not enough on tech debt and testing. People launch a feature, then switch teams and leave the maintenance to the rest. And they get promoted for doing that.
Terrible commute if you're living in the bay, unless you can afford a +$1m home. Poor leadership and internal promotion is limited. Uneven performance management that is unclear, opaque and often seems quite arbitrary. Boys club both inside and outside the tech orgs.
Less chance to be innovative or impact change as company grows
Horrible place to work at
Mediocre self training including exams with answers you were taught nothing about or questions where you know the answer exactly but it's still marked wrong. Not trained a "full two weeks" before you're thrown into taking calls. Trained in one area and immediately thrown into another training field and thrown back into taking calls. Constant emails about cutting down your break time (taking less time than your actually break) Some supervisors are definitely not there for your success, not answering questions. Long hours and your time put into a position where you may not even advance.
There is nothing of a downside from what I heard
the work started getting hard at times
Google is too big. Anything you do doesn't make a big impact.
Can be competitive when choosing projects or going for promotion
Took 8 months to match me to a team. Unacceptable.
I can't think of any
Information is not properly communicated with higher ups
The self-promo process and quite a bit of me me me culture, but that's to be expected with so many successful Type-A's.
Not many cons, filling up minimum words here to meet the requirement. The free food can get old. Can only eat seared Tuna and steak so many times.
The development velocity is slow. The compilation and starting server takes a long time. Each team works on a small bit thing just like any big company.
12 point system created by the company.
Working on projects at the scale Google does is challenging, and working with the existing infrastructure can be difficult.
Little room to grow, long hours. Feels very much like a big company now and your contributions can feel insignificant
food gets worse as offices grow
Too much kale in the food. Why are they always trying to force kale on us? They even managed to put it into the butter.
Very California centric, tough to progress in the US outside of California
Don't practice what they preach -- where are women in leadership?
- No sense of mission (last time I saw Google actively "focusing on users" was 2010) - Little opportunity for career growth. The project you work on is the most important (only?) factor in promotion. And most projects/teams are dead ends -
It's a corp job, not a start up.
Very Dynamic , India not on priority list
sexism within all male teams and its just accepted, woman advised not to transfer to those teams
Because the company is big, both the technology and politics can get messy. There are many overlapping teams and products. Individuals and managers are incentivized to create new products/teams instead of contributing to existing ones. This results in products/features that overlap excessively. It also results in software that is excessively complex, as instead of building a single library we build multiple libraries owned by multiple teams.
recommendation is the only war to clime up the ladder and get really high pay. no appreciation for hard workers.
It does take a long time to feel comfortable in the position, but the people around you make the transition very easy.
Huge work loads, Large teams
- large company, so can be political - promotion committees are really tough - like getting a PhD
A lot of red tape. Google is great place for software engineers not so great for data analysts.
Nothing to report at this time.
The famous Google culture is changing as they become bigger. Many people coming in from other big tech companies have changed the culture a lot.
Your satisfaction depends on your manager
There aren't really any cons
there are not really any cons
Have not found any yet - perhaps too new here.
Big company that is only getting bigger
hard to have any meaningful impact at any scale
Slow moving and too bureaucratic
experience (positive or negative) can vary by manager
Constantly reorging, lot's of pressure for promotion, sweatshop for designers, terrible commute if you don't live in Mountain View.
Google is large, and so each Product Area / Product / Team have their own sub-culture. You might fit well in some, and be a miserable in others. There really is no good way to tell. Having brilliant co-workers is a double-edged sword. This also implies a lot of competition for interesting projects, and the bar for getting a promotion is so high that it is not uncommon for people to get promoted for over 5 years or more.
great not so great just ok
nothing, just hectic sometimes overall good
Getting somewhat cumbersome to do some development tasks, due to larger overhead
- In some orgs (Search and Maps), there are so many PMs and a lot of politics - promotion cycle on a schedule
A lot of layers of management
- Social Justice work is included in your performance review. Some engineers spend up to 50% of their time working on diversity and inclusion. So they've essentially become social workers. - Various orgs in the company have engaged in what can only be described as struggle sessions. Where employees admit that they are racist, sexist, and homophobic during meetings. - An internal mailing list tracks micro-aggressions committed each week. Everyone is walking on egg shells. - Managers have admitted to giving bad references to employees that "make diversity and inclusion difficult." Which is not a very good precedent considering what a subjective criteria that is for wrecking someone's career.
Too many teams doing the same thing.
Work/life balance. All those perks and benefits are an illusion. I barely have time to myself on weekdays.
There may be few cons if you work in a department that functions well. I worked in one where the culture fostered a fraternity/sorority-like environment. Those who were in this in-group coasted and were promoted and those who were not, worked very hard...but couldn't get far.
Be prepared to gain weight
work life balance isn't there. Company has become too . Lot of politics
No care for your personal development.
Company is quite big. So it comes with all the negatives of working for a big company.
Long hours and lots of work
As with any large corporation, sometimes it's hard to see the impact of your work and how specific your job responsibilities are often limit personal growth. They do give you time and a percentage allocation towards independent study but it can get repetitive and no longer challenging. Some people enjoy just being there but I need to have constant challenge.  If you're non-Ivy, a few of them can be condescending when you're new but as long as you show you're sharp and skilled, they won't continue to look down on you.
No real major con, though the promotion process could use some tweaking.
I don't see no cons expect the weather is cold in the winter months
management bureaucracy too large company
Long hours and difficult to get a job their
Need more invested managers and leadership
In my time there I didn't really have too many cons to the job. I was lucky to have a great team and management. Any cons that I may have had were due to other employees not meshing with me but they were temporary.
Intense pressure and competition in certain teams. Product plans change quickly, some projects die before completion.
Too many people in the company.
As company has grown, the employee experience is no longer consistent across groups, as various organic 'sub-cultures' have inevitably formed. As much as the company values down-to-earth and friendly ehthos, some departments have become more corporate/cold or 'cut-throat' culturally.  I would still recommend Google to anyone - but must make sure the group you're interviewing for is culturally a fit for you.
Nothing at all for know.
No cons as such .
Lower salary relative to other companies
Long lines for the food
Google Cloud has few real customers and wins deal by dropping price. Little real innovation and lots of politics. The management has been a revolving door of promotion-driven and warring fiefdoms for 4-5 years. They have mostly lost the Apps business to Microsoft Office 360 and the Public Cloud space to Amazon and Microsoft aside from a handful of faithful start-ups that are almost all of their business. Also, ageism and sexism is very real at Google.
insane company. mgmt is a revolving door of self-serving power-hungry overlords
There really aren't any, it's a lovely job!
No cons it's a great place
Nothing i can say about this company is bad
Location is a bit of a hassle.
[Full-timers] Don't believe the hype, who your manager is matters a lot more than the "unicorns and rainbows" corporate culture that gets all the press. Lay the groundwork for transferring if your boss seems to be withholding information from you, or seems to have an agenda. Set well-defined, NON-SUBJECTIVE OKRs or you may get burned at perf.  [Temps/Vendors] For TVCs, just be happy for the free food and the nice resume builder, your vendor manager probably sees you as more of a nuisance than an asset and will give you the runaround when it comes time to review pay or conversion opportunities. Also, FTEs are likely oblivious of your situation if they themselves were not TVCs before getting convert, and just assume you have sick days, access to internal websites, events, etc.
long hours and projects can be boring
Sometimes over expectations on individuals in the trasition.
None at this time, thank goodness.
None really as perfect as it gets
He takes your idea and want to be always the winer the big boss
too much bureaucracy, decisions take forever
More institutionalized hierarchy than I'd like, as expected for such a large company. Takes a while to launch something new.
Too much focus on playing the promotion game
Getting bigger and bigger, with subsequent growth and org. issues that usually affect big corps, although start up spirit remains relatively pregnant
The longer I stayed the bigger it grew, and it eventually became more like a traditional big company. Many layers of management, too many products to keep track of what was going on, duplicated efforts, longer and longer decision and action times. Of course, the company kept growing at a healthy rate during all of that, so what do I know. But, the company also made some bets on areas that it knew it was weak in - social networking, for example - that were very expensive and did not pan out, because they were done with a top-down, Google-scale approach that alienated a lot of users and also took way too long to work out kinks.
Management, performance evaluation, work/life balance. If you aren't MTV-based finding career opportunities can be VERY limited
I'm older then most of your interns , I however am excellent and HR management and supporting a team , travel also
Tough job, sometimes higher up politics affects outcomes.
Sometimes you feel very small. Google is a massive company and you can imagine how hard it is to stand out and do work that is unique.
A lot of change so very quick environment.
It takes a long time to get simple things done because it is such a large company. That being said, when a small change is made it immediately affects millions of users.
not much to say. Loved my times there!
Company is quite big now and feels a little impersonal.
No cons, loved everything about this company!
Some of the original assets for the Google Suite were originally developed for the consumer and did not have the the F500 CIO or CISO in mind. The product has been re-architected in a way to more favorably displace the legacy vendors including MS.
Horrible Health Benefits (through Adecco), No sick days, No Vacation Days, Long Period away from home (single mans job)
long work hours and a lot of nerds
the coffee machine was broken for a short time.
Chaos in the new world of AI/NLP/NLU.
nothing much to say. Everything was perfect
Definitely faces some challenges typical to a big company.
My project did not matter. I had to take online classes, because my host finished the original project before I came to intern.
i didn't really see any inconvenients
Stockholm syndrome :/ It is easy to feel intimidated. Google is a big company with a lot of insider technologies, don't expect to know it all from day one.
You're competing with the best of the best ,)
- Impact and growth opportunities depend heavily on your team. - When you first join, you are typically assigned to a team, so you might not be working on something you're super excited about. (You can transfer after 18 months.) - Your equity is (probably) not going to 10x. - The tech stack is different than the rest of the industry, though with Google Cloud Platform they are trying to change that. - SF to Mountain View commute is soul-sucking. - Not allowed to work on side projects that make money. - Depending on the team, people are not as hungry, young, motivated as what you might find at startups. - Promotions are determined outside your team. It's the best system I could imagine, but it's also time-consuming and slow.
It's getting a lot bigger
Move slowly. Too many unimportant low impact projects.
Hard to convince others
keep the fast pace alive
Larger company and slower than startups
Promotion process is very heavyweight. Requires way too much work.
Highly competitive environment with limited promotion cycles
It's very large, some people have gotten in that are not very Googley, and it's starting to feel corporate.
work life balance could be improved
Training and onboarding new team members in their line of service, but we're getting better!
So much competition for promotions, because you're up against the rest of the cream of the crop that made it to Google
Less importance to a person as individual
There aren't to many cons
If working in a relaxed setting is not something you like, don't work here
Bureaucracy, common in a big company.
your experience will depend heavily on the team you're with. larger teams working on the bread and butter can be stagnant and less exciting, but working on emerging products can be thrilling.
- Starting on a new team could be chaotic if they don't already have a solid project for you to work on or a plan.
- Recent management changes (Ruth, Sundar) are definitely changing the company culture. Its not entirely bad changes, just different than before. - Long commute from San Francisco with minimal flexibility. Company is losing good employees as they move their offices further south to Sunnyvale or San Jose. Longer commutes on buses are taking major tolls on employees health (back pain, tech neck). Physical Therapists, Chiropractors, and Massage Therapists are basically acting as a triage department for these issues. - Can be hard to switch between job "ladders" if you don't love your current field
- Bureaucracy and politics exist - The commute if you don't work in MTV but are based there - Work life balance is often mentioned but rarely
Poor balance between delivering fast and maintaining/reducing technical debt. Develop and release quickly, then only fix serious issues.
Executive management lacked focus and made poor decisions.
you work %0+ hours a week
Parts of the company are getting slower and more bureaucratic. You definitely don't move as fast anymore.
Chelsea Market is an avenue further than 8th avenue
none that I have encountered
A very long commute for me, they should allow people to work all over the bay area. A lot of politics, 10 percent of the people are actually bright and know what they are doing, the rest just latch onto their coattails. The people prides itself on have very very very smart people, I didn't see that many such people while I was there. If you are not on the right team the work can be rather boring.
- political fighting - lack of design curiosity
Decision making can be erratic.
Too Busy People Inferiority Complex Sometimes you feel you are very alone in this big company Its no longer a startup
Limited growth opportunities beyond your team
Promotion-driven development, employees focus on launching crappy products and getting promoted, instead of taking the time to build excellent products.
big company problems. lots of negativity
Projects get canceled, often unexpectedly and seemingly arbitrarily by higher ups many levels up, that you never meet. Sometimes entire sites get closed for "business decisions", not based on the projects being worked on there, but just due to internal power struggles. Work life balance, 20% time, and other principles being eroded over time. The higher up you go, the less friendly and intelligent people are, and the more like the stereotypical power hungry pointy haired bosses.
A lot of teams and projects are not as good.
Impact can be hard to obtain at such a large company
It's Google, but I like that
Little creativity and quotas often times outpace actual growth
- Complex systems. Need to do lot of work (approvals, reviews, configuration & code changes) to make even small user-facing changes.
It is a large company
Frequent org and strategy changes.
Many teams and people. There is a good chance that there already is an entire team working on your research idea - and that you only find out after sinking months into it. Often lack of strong (leadership) vision, resulting in lack of synchronisation between teams.
Competitive, getting more bureaucratic, political at times due to Type A people with sharp elbows, you work very hard and are often burned out or beaten down by the pace.
bureaucratic constraints can stifle innovation
Lack of structure for some roles can be challenging. Full of disgruntled overachievers that want to be VPs... but they can't all be VPs!
nothing bad. google is a good company
There are too many employees now.
Its location, it took long time to arrive to the complex.
there is not many positions for new fresh
Very competitive, no place for anyone over 30
The hours can be long and the expectations high.
Very fast facing, and there are no such rules never gonna be changed so you have to follow. You should be very active and adjust yourself to the evolving environment continually.
- There is bureaucracy at places. - Culture of innovation seems to be fading.
- In my department, turbulent management style led to 40% attrition rate in 6 months - Growth through chaos... it really is about turning coal into diamonds - Incredibly stressful - Poor work-life balance (those sleeping rooms are there for a reason!) - The 3-hour R/T commute to SF is nothing to sneeze at - soul-draining - Bias against older employees (employees 35 y.o. and older are referred to as "Grayglers" - this bias surfaces occasionally in the company culture)
Company got a bit large. Often it's hard to get visibility of the projects or accomplishments.
I feel like I was consistently staffed on projects below my skill level
busy, work life balance, benefits, people
Commute from city and inability to work from the city
lack of diversity with underrepresented minorities
Maybe the work to life balance could be better but overall it was very good
Less structure for clear career trajectories
Could be stressful and competitive.
growing / scaling difficult to do while staying agile
If you don't like big companies this isn't the place for you.
The hours can be long
Things do get busy, and everyone's super competitive.
Can seem to be too big, too slow sometimes
People don't tend to stick around too long
Google is very competitive and there are a lot of inside politics in terms of jobs and promotions.
not enough ownership, same politics as any big company, wont make as much of an impact as other smaller companies
Poor communication from upper management in terms of reasons for various decisions
Proprietary technologies, adhoc promotion process
Meritocracy fails to account for luck/"right-place, right-time."
none really that come to mind
Increasing pool of ineffective and inexperienced middle managers. HR doesn't do anything perceivable to remove toxic employees (even ones who have a proven track record of questionable ethics/morality and embarrassingly low employee feedback scores). Lots of hierarchy. As a result, culture is quickly degrading.
Flat hierarchy structure, which can be both good and bad.
Management lacks focus Chaotic Prioritization Increasingly Bureaucratic
There really are not many. The company has a start-up mentality so things are always changing. You must be comfortable with constantly changing priorities and reorganization.
Google is a commercial company which means you have to do the job required for it to earn money or attract users. Sometime that may not be your most favourite research topic or the cleanest most beautiful code, which may be hard to accept if you are a perfectionist.
I worked in MTV and lived in San Francisco and the commute was absolutely horrible. They also do a poor job managing out low performers. Instead of letting people go, they're shuffled around the organization and tend to remain a problem.
nothing is bad about this job
Doesn't value quality. Throws away product lines like tissues. Endless churn.
None that I could think of.
I now a bigger company so it has become somewhat silo'd
Huge company, fewer opportunities outside of HQ
Can not think of any.
Stress level is little high
Massively overcrowded offices, more lawyers and Human Resources bots than engineers, company is terrified of Amazon's growth and just trying to copy everything they do, zero innovation
Don't expect to see great code. Expect a mess which everyone is struggling to understand, caused by fast pace, rapid turnover, and some really spectacular bad past design decisions that make things very hard to trace, but are now deeply embedded, and would be very hard to remove. Having said that, if this is your thing, great, they will reward you handsomely to help keep them afloat. Company is extremely PC. But you already knew that. Apparently, surveillance of personal email/networks. I can't prove it but I was creeped out too many times.
Can seem chaotic to folks who might need more structure.
Too many smart people.
Having a list of approved languages is kind of a drag. I am also hoping there will be a place for me, in the future, outside of the former company wth which I was acquired.
Slow pace too much competition
Nothing that comes to mind.
The management sucks, the turnover rate is ridiculous, most of all the employees are professional, and the health department will probably shut them down really soon.
- Focuses on new shiny products instead of investing in existing work - Company is large enough that bureacracy is creeping in
Big, can become political accordingly, but much better than most companies of this size
Not a real cons but you can get disoriented by the amount of stuff happening around you. Also, the talent around you can be almost intimidating but the best talent thrives in that environment
Im more of a bing guy tbh.
Sometimes Hard day to day
grown too fast and lots of poor managers less and less opportunities for growth for most people becoming increasingly corporate terrible commute for many in bay area
nothing, great place to work
no professional gym to use in building
Don't expect much upward career movement, but lateral moves are readily available. Middle or product level management needs a hard look and a swift kickstart.
though there are ton of good problems to solve in good projects, the good work is reserved for L5+ engineers as they need complex work to get promoted  managers assign responsibilities based on what is required to ensure people get promoted to next level and not because they are interested in solving the problem or they have the ability to solve the problem, you have to make your manager happy to get good work, the promotion process is totally crap  people do the wrong things to get promoted, people don't do the right thing because it won't help with promotion, some people become people manager just to grow and not because they are interested in managing people
no cons of compay to share
Lack of clear promotion path
Lots of bureaucracy and your experience can vary depending on what organization you are.
It's difficult (but not impossible) to stand out because you work with literally the top engineers recruited from around the world.
The company doesn't focus on organization processes. It's not very lean.
Processes can be very slow
needs to invest in the value message to the enterprise market for google cloud/apps related to business use cases.
None at all to conplaine about code 20.....
It didn't turn out to be what I thought it would be. Maybe I was just disillusioned by the hype but it isnt all milk and cookies and puppies at google.... just be aware that you're going to work for mega corporation not some fun "start up"
Losing their collaborative spirit, much too competitive and political, big machine makes it hard to get things done. Very hard to find new opportunities within the company.
Can be a lot of working hours at times, new CFO seems to be cutting some of the more interesting projects
Starting to become a large company, albeit the best one I can think of. Might be harder to climb up the rungs.
You may be nobody there.
-Coming from a startup, I was overwhelmed by the lack of flexibility / overload of procedures for even the simplest of projects. -Can get demotivating
short hours not enought time to work
massive company, sales is become extremely bureaucratic
Can be a little hard to escape the bubble if/when you want to.
It is big. Really big. When I joined it was 'only' 15,000 people, and still managed to feel like a young tech co, but by the time I left it was closer to 60,000 and the bureaucracy had really started to strangle various parts of the work that I did (I once needed to get 11 people to approve a deal in Simba that was worth maybe 100k... What a waste).
sometimes decision making is a bit chaotic
It is a sink or swim environment. Wonderful perks but they are there to keep you at work longer. People don't leave jobs, they leave managers. Google has a long way to go when it comes to training their managers effectively and actually making sure they represent the initiatives Google is in the news for such as Psychological Safety and Unconscious Bias. I went from amazing managers and sponsors to the worst manager ever. Just because a manager takes a course doesn't mean they have adopted the lessons taught.  I suffer from a disability that is episodic and goes into remission at times. At the end of my time with Google, despite needs for accommodations due to my disability, my manager declined a request to work in a quieter and more private work space. HR took their time. In addition, I was only allowed to work from home on Fridays. I was also penalized on my performance review for not being able to work in a more visible work space. This is important to note. I went from a high performing employee for 4+ years and then got sick and within 3-4months was rated as a Needs Improvement by my manager who had only managed me for 3 months and the one before 5 months. At Google, your MANAGER has the final say on your performance review. Despite high ratings from everyone else, HR stands firm about letting the managers rating be the overall rating and override all other reviewers.  Google needs to understand that not all people work or learn the same way. Don't expect reasonable accommodations to be honored here. They took 6 weeks to respond to my drs note for a medically necessary accommodation. This is NOT a space if you have any type of disability especially cognitive or mental ones. There is a whole internal email disability group which provides a community for many of us who are struggle from our disability and not our jobs. However, no one from HR has bothered to address the true struggles that people with disabilities are facing.
No real cons about the place
Growth in size means hierarchy and bureacracy
Work may not be really that challenging or interesting for everyone
While no work place is perfect, Google continues to take good care of employees!
I don't have any cons.
None. They were really good to me and the pay and benefits were amazing.
Very few downsides to working at google. I guess the worst thing I could say is that we sometimes have an identity crisis coming from a start up and entrepreneurial culture and trying to reconcile that with being so big.
California is a very expensive state
subtle work politics made it uncomfortable at times.
Too many hours and too much stress
Strict dead lines No work - personal life balance
No cons. Not any cons at all that I know of besides the fact that you are on the screen 24-7
little to no job security
Location is just very ok
Work life balance can be very challenging
Sometimes I just want to peruse perfect
love the atmosphere that it fostered
Not suited for people working in isolation
- Perks are great, but don't let that fool you - after your 3 months of organized training is over, you will be so caught up by the never-ending internal metrics tracking your every move. You will have no time to use the nap pod that all of your friends love to ask you about - SMB Sales/Google Marketing Solutions is seen as a "younger" organization within the company and within overall Google sales. It is very difficult to rise the ranks, as this reputation follows you throughout your career journey. - A significant amount of account strategists and direct sales employees within the organization are extremely unhappy. Many are absolutely miserable. The work is mundane and people are constantly complaining as the organization continues to operate across the same metrics, incentives, and programs that it has been for almost 10 years. You will not hear a lot about this, as employees always feel the pressure of saying that they are happy at one of the 'best companies in the world to work for'. No one wants to be the one who is complaining about problems at Google to their friends outside the company. - Perks, culture, and company reputation will keep you way past your expiration date. You will find out you should have moved on way too late. - The hiring bar has severely decreased as the company gets larger. Mediocre employees are hired based on industry experience, but have a very hard time ramping up to Google's way of doing things, and are often unable to keep up. - The process of performance reviews and promotions will at one way or another negatively impact you. It is one of the most dramatic processes, especially in this organization. There are long lists of people 'waiting' to rise to the next level in the company as people are ranked, forcing you to wait your turn in a slowly-moving cycle of burnt out individuals waiting for their recognition. People sit in the same role, burnt out and unhappy, waiting for their chance to hopefully make the next cycle's cut. Promotions lead to generous pay raises, but your job and experience stays the same in most situations.
No transparency at all no matter what Google preaches. "Don't be evil" ethos are violated every day by favoritism and popularity votes.  Abilities to grow ideas!? What ideas?? They are shut down by managers who are bosses and not real leaders.  Security is an important department which protects life and property but with no honesty or integrity, with that being a big issue any core value is gone.  The Review rating system is unfair and dictated by numbers no matter how much of a great worker you are. Bias is a big issue.  Unless your a software engineer or a manager life at Google is great and you'll never get to see the toxic environment lower level departments go through.  Can unexpectedly be sick for more than two days or you are issued a write up and tanked on your review.
Its growth has made it feel corporate
Sometimes no work to be done
Work life balance can get a bit challenging. If you are on a operations roles, you get sucked in to operation role and your passion for building new things increases at the same time they will increase your operational workload.
lots of sheltered individuals with little life experience, and lots of managers who were promoted due to being good individual contributors.
Hard for women engineer with kids to compete with young unattached engineers. The culture is supposed to evaluate based on individual contribution considering personal situations but that almost never happens.
No cons. I Loved it.
The visibility of your work is closely tied to the stage where you stays in the career ladder. Knowledge is hard to transfer to the work within startups.
long commute if you live in SF
Seems like some of the old benefits are kind of going away Other companies are offering more money
You eat a lot of food really :)
Hard to get return offers.
Growth Ladder, Promotions, Cross Collaboration
It's a big company, and there are always organizational challenges that come with that.
Internal mobility can be difficult at times
Some things can move slow
Increasingly bureaucratic as it gets larger.
its a lot of work
- Your mentor might be in a different time zone than you. Takes some time to work out what works best for you both.
Very damaging if you can't adapt to where you might have to move to work
Cluster mode force before it was ready lost customer faith in reliability
I don't have any cons yet.
Project scope is very small.
Engineering is largely driven bottom up with less strategic oversight, resulting in a less than cohesive overall company strategy.
Long hours, high pressure - work / life balance challenges
the company is slowly, yet steadily becoming more conservative in approach. When I first joined Google, the company was bravely exploring unknown areas. Now we tend to focus on generating income. Promising projects are being cancelled, people become less enthusiastic.
I like working here, nothing to change, no cons, just pros, like good pay and benefits, so no cons to share with you all
Work life balance, competitive, sometimes slow.
hard work not enough days off
Can not think of any
Hard too stand out with so many brilliant people around.
Primarily research, not best pay, strict work attire, fast deadlines, periods of nothing to do
I'd be foolish if I complained about Google.
Sometimes very overwhelming work environment
Commute to MTV was very long from SF.
too many peer pressure. bias management
Terrible management, bad employees, bad pay
Long hours interfered with personal life
Salary is not as competitive.
Bad work/life balance A lot of bureaucracy
Some of the (smart) people stay with their project forever. They have a 'lock' on the project, they are (make themselves) indispensable so they don't have to push, to invent.
no time for social and family
work life balance isn't great
Management gets away with a lot of abusive behavior. Cloud teams are extremely disorganized. Promotions and opportunity is all political. The environment is toxic for someone looking to make a career in Sales. The pay structure was terrible. No commission, just this sharing pool based on multiple factors, so you are not rewarded for good performance.
Stressful. Things are more complicated than should be.
Nothing significant, the company is doing a great job.
Deadline pressure can sometimes appear. Product requirements don't always allow for perfect engineering practices. Really though, I think these are problems you'll find at any ambitious internet company.
Bad work/life balance, nothing major.
long hours and lots of work
the work life social life balance
Speed is not so fast.
Changing policies and pay structure
Google likes to pride itself on being a "not terribly hierarchical company," but it's the most hierarchical company I've ever worked at. I was seven layers of managers below the CEO. Also, personnel not on the Technical ladder tend to be treated like lepers.
No cons here yo! None at all!
There are absolutely no cons as of now.
Hard to find them, so I would say none that I can identify.
Not so good work/life balance
If you are not smart, you will not be able to advance as there are a lot of very smart people.
I can't think of any negatives
(remote office) defragging (closing small projects) can cause one to have to switch teams.
Can be very disorganized and metrics for performance can sometimes be unfair
They don't have their strategy together. Many business decisions are made by engineers who just don't know many of the basics of business strategy and so fall into the "if you build it they will come" mentality and invest in projects that aren't thought through from a customer perspective. The company's first rule is "focus on the user and all else will follow" but they don't really do that often.
Your manager has everything to do with your experience at Google (or anywhere...)
The work environment can be very stressful. Open-office floor plans dominate. They set high-pressure expectations intentionally, to make people strive harder. If you have an anxiety disorder, this is *terrible* and you will not thrive here. Attempting any sort of disability accommodations process will become an N-way telephone game from hell.
Bad Leadership, Salary does not match the work, Pay for own fuel to clients
Management is passive agressive, employees are penalyzed for offering constructive criticism. Employees work very hard but are treated like middle schoolers. When hired they tell you that it is full time, it is actually 38 hours a week. You will likely never work 40 hours.
I don't have any cons about Google
Some manager are simply bad. Obstacles to getting your work done. Fortunately Google limits the damage a bad manager can do to your career.
The work can be very boring at some parts. But that is just the nature of the job. I loved it, but that was the complaint that some of my coworkers had.
a lot of work, but nice
High tax in CA. High price level.
No base salary, pay is solely based on how many views you get and how many people watch your videos. Can be tricky and stressful
corporate environment due to the organisation being so large
less career opportunities. Not using too much open source technology
very large company, hard to figure out the big picture
terrible people to work with
Increasingly levels of bureaucracy with growth, limited support for internal mobility.
The work is mostly not challenging, but I guess this depends on the branch you are working on.
Lots of management layers, lots of politics, difficult to progress. If you are a people manager, most of your time is spent on process. Restructures for no reason except checking the box for change.
Pressure of going "up or out". Huge difference between working in Mountain View versus any other office.
Pay could be better as well as benefits. The work environment also needed an upgrade such as kitchen facilities and work spaces.
Can feel a bit siloed at times
* Takes ~5 months to learn the infrastructure * Growth may be slow
- Satellite office - Public transportation in Boston is basically a joke - Open office not for everyone
Small project variety in Kirkland. Still plenty of bureaucracy in large projects. Massive re-orgs.
I don't recall any cons. This is really a great place to work at.
terrible atmosphere...wants everyone to submit to the machine world
I think they are getting too big and that if they make mistakes or go wrong direction, their impact will be significant. So google has to be careful
Hard to get promoted. You feel like a little cog in a big machine
Political and sometimes not meritocratic
Coding speed is not as fast as some of the young engineers due to uncontinuous time allocation between project design/lead and coding.
there is nothing bad in this company
glass door, not too much room for improvement
Google's fabled "culture" is all but gone and has been replaced by mind-boggling bureaucracy and rampant nepotism. In part due to the numerous acquisitions, that allowed people that would have never been hired by Google to join the company. These acquisition-employees bring their toxic culture with them, and dilute the very fabric of being "Googley".  Being at the mercy of Perf to get promoted. If a direct manager likes an employee, then it's a walk in the park, otherwise prepare to be stonewalled or have to resort to some serious brown-nosing to get ahead. Also, leveling-up gets super competitive due to the large size of the company. Transferring teams is a challenge, so most employees grin and bear it for a couple of years, or leave the company. It's hard for outsiders to understand, but this happens to a lot of Nooglers, and "re-Noogler" events are done for employees that complete their first year. It's unfortunate, but after the "rainbow-colored glasses" come-off most new employees burn-out . Google seems to bring out the workaholic in people.  Politics among teams and Orgs slow everything down, often leading to delayed launches, buggy releases and zero transparency. Also, there's an awfully large amount of bad managers. Simply being great at a job doesn't create a good manager, being a nurturing people-person that enjoys building amazing employees is more effective.
Google only hires great people and only has so many really interesting projects to work on, that everyone wants to work on. People still have to do the tedious work too, so you end up with a lot of people overqualified for what they're doing. It's a very big company at this point and sometimes can feel like you're just one tiny person, oiling a cog of the machine. The promotion process is a lot of work and doesn't always recognize great work properly.
Too many levels of management. Company is too focused on data, and sometimes the best decisions are based on instincts and experience, instead of data
Hard to make a difference. Projects being cancelled can be devastating.
Contract is limited so no possibility to get hired permanently.
nothing, no advice needed, great company
In every corporation, there are multiple projects and competition for resources.
Easy to get lost in a huge company like this, quality of groups can vary considerably
Unfortunately, not all teams are created equal. Fortunately, I was paired with wonderful leaders and colleagues, but many Googlers do not get as lucky.
May sound like a lie, but nothing thus far.
Backache from sitting in the seat all day.
Hard to stand out when you're in a sea of experts.
Long working hours that you don't even notice
over time, no work life balance
Limited career advancement for managers and above Way too many layers in the GBO -- could be a lot more efficient "Top heavy" mid-management Becoming bureaucratic Most folks are over-qualified for the job they're being asked to do.  Poor VP direction and management
Slowly. Becoming. Evil. Day. By. Day.
For folks working at the mothership and not living in Silicon Valley the commute is increasingly dire. Travel on tech shuttles from SF and Oakland now regularly takes 2 hours each way. Sounds like an overprivileged whine but it massively extends your workday and limits what you can do during the week.
I personally couldn't find any cons. There for I can not state any for them. I couldn't find the lid for coffee.
Google is a very large organization that has lost some of its entrepreneurial roots
As a contractor (rather than a full-time, permanent employee), it's difficult to take "ownership" of projects and initiate changes. Usually there has to be some sign-off on new initiatives for you if you're a contractor. I felt that I would have been able to accomplish more as a full-time Googler.
It is very difficult to move vertically or laterally. At this point, there's a lot of bureaucracy
crazy, hard to understand performance reviews
The SF Bay Area is ridiculously expensive.
None that come to mind.
When working in teams, some people think they are on top of everyone and think they're right. It's not too much of an issue though.
High turnover. Work life balance sucks.
It's a large company -- politics are part of large organizations of people of any kind. Even being on the sore end of some political battles while there, though, it didn't bother me all that much.
Work didn't match up to my expectations of how challenging it'd be
Very competitive to get the internship, often can feel as if your contributions are not significant.
- Benefits can be a distraction - You have to be comfortable with the company going in a million directions
Senior employees are promoted to management positions that they are not qualified for, creating a large negative impact on the team direction and morale.
No cheap housing nearby Shuttle could take long
Competitive, keeps you on your toes
I dont really see anything bad about this company
The promotion process is very arduous. It literally costs Google two months of productivity every year for every people manager. It is insanity. As a manager, its very important to prioritize "perf", as you do not want to be the reason your report does not get promoted. This results in two stressful months per year where its very difficult to focus on getting work done.  I will say that Google tends to promote the right people - there are very few false positives, there are many false negatives. Not sure this is worse than manager centric review structures where one person controls your destiny, but there are definitely room for improvements.  Other big complaint: this place is starting to really limit risk. Emerging and experimental projects are increasingly being canceled in favor of revenue generating projects. Google is no longer the place for experimentation, that happens in other parts of alphabet.  Being in the Apps PA, there is a laundry list of B2B features that all apps are being asked to implement. This leaves little room for innovation and creativity, its just about execution. The apps are tools for sales to land cloud and productivity suite contracts.
Too much bureaucracy as the company is going through growing pains.
-Work load -Working hours -A lot of trips to the capital (mainly due to the nature of my job,dealing with patents and copyright and whatnot)
Nothing, love this opportunity, sounds great
Not much to mention here. Google is a great place to work at. Downside being, you will get spoiled at Google and leaving Google would be tough.
Lots of red tape, you get stuck at a level if you don't make it happen in the first few years.
Career ladders are not well defined, so you really have to take your career progression and development into your own hands
As the company got bigger, it felt more corporate and restrictive. The pressure grew to where I really felt like I was on a hamster wheel. There isn't much opportunity for growth if you don't write code or do sales, at least not in the distributed offices. I left because I felt more busy than challenged, and I was just burned out.
bunch of nerds work here
the contract job, too short
- Easy to lose work-life balance (checking email on weekends, getting IM'd in the middle of the night because of offices in multiple time zones) - Everything moves very quickly, so you need to be able to adapt and move quickly otherwise you will see your performance evaluation fall - Managers are hit or miss. Some shouldn't be managers, but have been promoted to managerial positions based on their strong individual contributions and expertise, but this isn't a good proxy for being a good people manager.
The management at gTech is clueless about what their workers actually do. It led to poor morale and high attrition rates.
Managers don't seem to care how hard you work.
1. None, really. I enjoyed my time there.
Not a fun place to be working dont like management dont like employees dont like cafeteria food cubiclecel life here is real
Very smart people end up with fairly mundane roles (everyone is very smart), a bad manager is a bad manager at any company
No other place will ever be able to afford you. :) They could use a bit more focus in how they plan quarterly goals in some product areas.
Company getting a bit too big. Benefits are likely to decrease in the future. Also if you work at the HQ you will need to tolerate the super expensive living cost
I didn't have any complaints while I was employed here
no opportunities to advance in the company, the pay is horrible
The company is very big -- and highly bureaucratic. While there is the ability to move internally - the best positions are located in Mountain View and New York still feels like a satellite office. The day-to-day job functions are also not as interesting as one would hope. There is little room for innovation -- most days consist of checking off pre-determined tasks. Might be boring for someone looks to think out of the box / work out of their comfort zone.
It is hard to make a positive impact in such a large company. Most positions are in California Crowded offices, cramped spaces. A bit blokey
Starting to feel like a big company these days.
Nothing poor to say about the company.
web based training as opposed to live classroom
Some terrible managers who have no people skills
Vertical growth, processes, growing centralization,
Google is a big company so it all depends on how good your team is. The same applies to interviews. The process can be differ to a great extent depending on your interviewers.
some groupthink and lack of workforce diversity.
The highest levels of management are not very responsive to feedback from employees and often hide behind the size of the organization when benefits such as healthcare keep getting worse without adequate justification.
I did not like where I lived and had to move back to be closer to family.
You will have a lot of work in hand all the time.
Overgrown teams, arrogant and political managers, lack of challenge and vision, entire company gets lost, talent losses.
Too much free food? There really aren't many downsides.
Some common big company problems, complicated procedures
Work/Life balance is almost nonexistent there. You're constantly, constantly working
It's a big company with a lot of smart people, so it's hard to stand out. It's easy to feel unnecessary. Not everyone has as great a management chain as I do.
On the "worst" team of the three, my team was rediculously micro managed to the point that we would get in trouble for leaving our desks. I got talked two twice and the third time I got pulled into a room with my manager telling me I had to work at my desk even though I was the top performer on the team. There were major trust issues.  Management is truly hit or miss. My first manager was literally in meetings all day and no one got face time. He ended up leaving because he ended up not liking it anymore. Second manager I loved and the team was perfect but she ended up transferring due to how she felt she was treated. The new manager was terrible, pulled down the morale and 3 people transferred out after 3 months. Third manager was brand new and no one trusted her. 3 people left within 3 months. Good management is hard to come by.  Competitiveness runs rampant to the point that people will steel your work. If you bring it up like I did after seeing it happen to me 3+ times, management told me that's the way Google grooms people and it makes people become competitive.  You're surrounded by brilliant people but the imposter syndrome is strong at Google. The way performance reviews are set up, you always have to come up with random stuff to outdo yourself and make you look good. That's good to push you out of your comfort zone but bad because people start making up useless things to show they've been doing stuff. It's silly really. And this is why it's incredibly hard to get promoted is that you have to outdo yourself and outshine your peers. My peers before me have been at Google for 6+ years literally in the same role even though they work incredibly hard and smart.  I suggest you do as much research as possible and Google why people leave or don't like working at Google so you see both sides.
limited opportunities to move up and once you do, it is more of the same mundane tasks. no diversity (3%latino, 2% black employee base and that number has been stagnant for at least a third of the company's short 17 year old life).
lots of nerds, can be overwhelming
Commute was pretty long for everyday
Difficult to grow your career vertically. Lots of people who are not leaving. Commute to/from Mountain View to SF is terrible. Bureaucracy is growing and difficult to get things done.
Contractors for Legal Discovery rarely get converted.
Difficult to move teams in google.
dumb people, bad politics, worst management
No cons, however if you are unable to navigate around ambiguity this may not be the best fit for you.
Nothing that I think would be standard across many people's experiences. I wasn't a fan of MTV and found the entire Bay Area dreadful. Being one of the few interns in my building and the only intern on my team, I had some trouble finding other interns to bond with.
Difficult work advancement in one's role, however can definitely shift around laterally.
As I think is geoposition, someone can say: "Paradise", but in my mind it is simple country side with bad mobile networks and without skyscrappers (IMHO)
Poor work life balance, some departments have red tape
The crown jewels are at the main campus in Mountain View. There aren't as many opportunities for great projects at smaller offices.
Big company problems: hard to make big impact
Nothing I personally don't like
Culture. Google's culture is definitely changing for the worse. Less collaborative. More political. More top down. Less opportunity for bottom up innovation.
Internal transfer process is useless. After all the effort to hire you, a more seamless internal transfer process to other roles would be awesome! It is easier to transfer to other roles on your ladder, but not to other orgs. When transferring to other orgs, an internal person goes through the same process as an external candidate.
You have to be ready for change pretty much any time. If you think you can do the same job and just skate along to promotions and better compensation, you will be mistaken.
lost in too many genius
Hard to make an impact, people who work there can be super arrogant
Worse perks than before (but still the best in Bay Area). Dependency between teams slow things down.
We're getting so big that our ability to respond to market threats is slowing down. Also our internal tools are nearly and pretty and refined as external tools you see like Search and Maps.
As Google grows, it gets harder to find the resources to pursue entrepreneurial projects. Groups can be too territorial and that makes it hard to get some things done.
Feels like a really big place, hard to make an individual impact.
Overstaffed at times... work spread to thin
Too big a company, Things doing are too trivial.
Hard to achieve work/life balance. Not enough advancement opportunities in remote offices. Centralized management and decision making makes it hard to start initiatives/projects in sattelite office.
No room for growth as a contractor with no possibility of conversion.
- As a contractor it is difficult to convert to full-time. It is also not easy to get promoted. - Google tends to pay slightly less than its competitors
Bloated, political. Promotions are like Game of Thrones. Complacent people don't get fired.
Unfortunately I was working more than I planned. This is typical for most employees, and what is expected by the company. Still, I found the work compelling enough to stick with it for years.
- Super Competitive - Too many tools - Sell too many products
Some difficulties within the dynamic
These boss are damn irritating .. they get a good pay .. still they behave so rude..
Promotion process favors building new things, shipping, and design documents over incremental improvements, infrastructure projects, and individual contributions.
Company getting too large to have visible impact, lack of flexibility is switching permanent location.
Its too big. Easy to get lost.
None to share at the moment.
bureaucratic, political, incredibly difficult to move up
Long hours to work for.
Google seems to becoming more of a top down mgmt company. Many more rules and approvals are being put in place which hinders what is normally a lightning fast, get-it-done-now environment
Honestly there are no cons to working here, I absolutely loved it and would recommend it to anyone.
A little too big for me and your experience as an intern incredibly dependent on host. Easy to lose motivation in my opinion if you feel your work is low impact
- not as clear as a focus on personal skill building, rather on 'what you launch'
It's hard to have a work-life balance
There's too much bureaucracy, it is not easy anymore for an engineer to drive a product/feature he is passionate about.
Because it was an internship there was pressure to perform well in a very short amount of time. Also it was very independent work, which might not be for everyone.
Slow feature development pace Low cross organization visiblity at times
weird people but nice place to be
Slow Pace Bureaucracy Still doesn't understand social
No overtime Atmosphere can be cutthroat
There is nothing to complain about them
Cafeteria food was lackluster. I was not happy with the robot minders.
Not a huge amount thankfully.one might be is that there is lots of intelligent people can make it hard to shine at times.
I guess there are no cons, if somebody faces the issue they can complain and management takes good care of it. But chances that the cons arises are very rare(0.0001/100)
None. Cannot thing of any.
You'll spend alot of time working, the work is demanding.
Location. I prefer to live in SF.
Middle management isn't the best so it can take a long time to complete projects. A lot of engineers I've met can be condescending and are awkward to work with.
None! Great benefits and no complaints
The quality of the engineers is possibly dropping, but possibly not. It's hard to get real metrics, because as the absolute number of people grows, naturally the number of bad apples grows,
- Very long work days, your work kind-off becomes your life - Other than that, nothing to say here
It is getting more and more crowded now.
Slow on making new products.
I work in Google Cloud in the Seattle office, and culture is divided. On one side, there are smart people taking smart decisions, but on the other side there is what I consider a strong white masculine fraternity culture. Sadly, this type of culture comes by people in the buddy-buddy-group taking on short shiny projects, with poor long term support or design, and many times without understanding of the problem in question. The dedicated smart people will actually try to make these ideas work, but the credit would be taken by someone else, or sometimes with others leaving a big mess, as I have seen several times. In my team, this culture goes two levels of depth in management, making senior management unapproachable, and also reflects on the products themselves. There are many visionary type projects, but with broken functionality, or many incomplete solutions for the same goal,
There are not much to say about cons of working at Google, but if i Had to choose one, it would be the pressure to finish all the work.
Not the best management bruh.
Being programmer means being creative. Well, not at Google. You will have artificially created restraints in almost every aspect of your work.  Here is an example: readability. In order to being able to commit some code at Google you would need to have a "readability" in a language you're writing this piece of a code. It doesn't matter if you have 10 years of experience in that language. It doesn't matter if you have certificate from the company that developed this language. And in order to get readability you would need to write a lot of code in that language. Catch-22. Also, you would have to wait for a pretty long time in the readability queue in order to just start with process. You fill like you lost all the experience you had before with this language. Somebody who has readability and has less experience in this language than you will have power over you. You would have to persuade this other person that your code is OK.  Hypocrisy. They still have courses at Google where they teach you that it is important to have a rest, it is important to manage your energy, it is important to work when you are excited and energized and not work when you're not. This is why they have all those massage chairs. It used to be the company that valued all this. It all changed. I saw my manager writing in 2am and then writing in 6am again. Manager sets an example for it's subordinates and this example is terrible. I also remember my manager writing email about his current state that he is sick. At the same email he tells that "he will do his best to do some work". At the same time this same manager tells everybody else that "if you're sick - go home and take a rest and don't work". I lost respect for my manager long time ago.  They want you to deliver results as soon as possible and yet they don't give you the ability to do it. Instead of JUST DOING IT you would have to write design docs with the future possible architecture (which will always be different because we can't predict software development) and persuade people who have more power than you. Those people will do their best to make sure you don't just start working on your code. You would have to pass several rounds of this absurd.  They told me it is very important to predict how much time it would take to finish the project. I asked them what is the technique to predict unpredictable and got no answer in return. They told me it is very important to make sure you did your project as close to your predictions as possible. I asked them what stops people from deliberately giving very large estimates, completing a project sooner and just do nothing for the rest of the time. I got no answer in return. I completely lost respect this company. This is absurd. The management don't think about what they are doing and why. They don't think about their own behavior and they own words.
Too many teams to choose from.
- Google systematically undervalues new employees' contributions. - Promotion process skewed toward people that have been at the company the longest, rather than the highest performers. - Many coworkers are too egotistical.
very large. right hand doesn't know what the left is doing.
-Obsessed with numbers, values metrics more than innovation in many cases - Hard to understand your individual impact -Structure is ambiguous and disorganized
Very challenging to get in. It can also be very stressful at times. Lots of extra benefits that come with the job.
Contractors aren't seen as equals with full time employees. Limited upward mobility in sourcing or recruiting. Not much diversity. Lots of politics.
Advancement means seeing goodbye to your social life and if you live in the city, the commute isn't fun.
Managers may get a little too stuck in the weeds.
big company, hard to rise to senior management
No direct recruitment, It is done through third parties
really distributed teams and workflow
Nothing that jumps to mind.
Big company, more bureaucracy than before
Slow progression through eng levels
Though more "flat" than other companies, as Google grew there was more and more need for typical career bureaucracy. It became necessary to champion your achievements up the ladder and jockey for recognition. Managers are stuck in the middle and with such a talented group of employees, it's hard to please them all. Lots of the most ambitious talent left for better career growth and prospects elsewhere.
recruiting is undervalued culturally at Google. Most engineering leaders do not wish to align with recruiting as a trusted business partner, but rather a support service.
no cons to speak of
Cost of living around Mountain View, CA
None that I can think of
Work/life balance. What balance? All those perks and benefits are an illusion. They keep you at work and they help you to be more productive. I've never met anybody at Google who actually time off on weekends or on vacations. You may not hear management say, "You have to work on weekends/vacations" but, they set the culture by doing so - and it inevitably trickles down. I don't know if Google inadvertently hires t
Not hangouts. Seriously, not hangouts. Toxic, information-hoarding engineers and a lost mission. Working there made it difficult to transfer to other teams/organizations, because of the awful reputation it had.
Politics in recruiting is unbearable.
Somtimes it is easy to feel like you are a cog in a wheel. Not very easy to progress.
Need to be mindful of the team you're in to feel like you're delivering impactful work.
A lot meetings. Coordination skills required
There is more work than can be completed, and the management likes to keep everyone really busy, so they are continually introducing new projects despite the current workload. Focus is on doing things quickly just good enough to make things work, so you end up with buggy code and a poor understanding of how systems interact. Lots of distractions because of open floor plans and frequent company-sponsored events (talks, parties, team-building), so many people end up working at home when they need to get work done.
Boring projects, hard to transfer internally
not much to say
I dont think there is cons
Long commute can be an issue to some people.
Some roles aren't well scoped out so there's a risk of not being a good fit resulting in some bad experience, Your manager will determine to a large extent the experience you will have at Google (Bad manager = Bad experience)
too large. hard to contribute significantly
Hard to move up or to other departments. Lots of bureaucracy and bad managers.
Base pay is lower than market
too big to move, politics
Hard to get in. Hard to get promoted quickly. That's it, otherwise i love everything here!
With 75K employees, there are bound to be some bad leaders. Some of the ingrained folks have worked from being good software engineers to being terrible managers/directors.
Although it does a good job of cutting down on bureaucracy, Google is not completely free from some problems that affect large companies. Because there are so many brilliant people fighting for projects, politically savvy becomes an important skill. Additionally, occasional shake-ups do mean that some projects get canceled.
Big company problems. You might get stuck on a project you don't like, doing a lot of work you aren't passionate about. Plus development work can move pretty slow depending on your project or team.
This place is huge! This can also be seen as a good thing if you like stability and infrastructure. However, sometimes I felt like a very, very minute and insignificant "Red Badger" in a sea of White and Green Badges. Full Time Employees and Interns, that have more access than contractors.
No cons really, I really enjoyed my time there! I would say it is really easy to get lost in all the exciting things around you at work - that's it. Just keep grounded.
offices are in the suburbs. there's a free bus from san francisco, but the commute is still hella uncool
Many different and changing processes. Huge company so easy to feel small and not impactful. Many levels to climb to be promoted and difficult promotion process.
Some elitist attitudes though the exception not the rule
work can be too stressful at times
Long hours but worth every minute
Code review takes so long.
As a big corporation it takes some steps to get things approve
Many larger organizations within Google do not adhere to the company's philosophy for flat organizations, do not encourage work/life balance, and use rigorous process for reviews which seems to encourage turn-over for senior team members. This things makes it feel like the Google-way is a myth.
* Too many employees without experience outside of Google or college
cons are likely same from that of google for software engineers - big company
The project matching phase took quite amount of time.
Work life balance can suffer if you don't pay attention. Meals, gyms, pleasant work environments are designed to keep you happy working. And they work. In my first year I found myself working 12 hour days at a minimum. But I made the conscious decision to cut back my time, and adjust my goals so I wasn't killing myself, while still doing amazing work.
People get complacent. It's a big company and hard to move up so folks don't try as hard as they could. Things get put on the back burner and efficiency falls. In response, the company hires more people and trends continue. However, now there are just more people siting around doing nothing.
Contractors do not have benefits like Google full time employees.
Manager-Heavy, Slow, Political, Myopic,
Over saturated talent pool. Role is not well defined. Promotion rules vary a lot in between teams (managers). Most projects are dull and boring to work for. Being political seems to be required when reaching senior levels (not necessarily management).
It's very competitive, stressful, and has become much more 'corporate'.
Really hard driving teams and will need to work for a length of time to persuade teams to be open to ideas
- Base compensation lower than competitive companies in the same area. - Stock takes years to vest, while San Fran bay area rent continues to rise. - Base compensation increases require complicated and time-consuming promotion process that is not guaranteed and dependent on team success. - Bay area compensation not adequate outside of SWE job positions. -Cube space open and can be noisy in some areas.
It's a big company - decisions are starting to get made for political reasons, and a few Bs have been hired who now hire Cs
Lots of work for me and others
Too big for my taste.
Not enough room to advance.
Hearing from other fellow interns, I think my own experience was not necessarily the same for everyone else. Some other interns felt their project was going nowhere, or their team was scattered, or that they felt they had no impact because of slow code reviews and other barriers. Also, the host matching process after you accept your internship offer is good in that you find a team that matches you, but it leads to a lot of anxiety because you can be placed anywhere from LA to MTV to NY, and you'll have no control over it. Also, many people only get matched with 1 team within of a month of the internship start, so the "choice" of what team you want isn't necessarily a choice.
No overarching intern program between departments
None that i can pick.
Politics, especially around promotion. Popularity and project work is more valued than real performance. As a result, you have recruiters who do a lot of projects, evangelize their work, and "teach to the test" re: personal metrics, but they do not provide an authentic experience to candidates and clients. But because they're more visible, they get rewarded. And if your boss's boss's boss barely knows who you are, forget it. Promotion is a game and you have to know the right people.  Newer employees are wildly under-leveled. As a result you have 32-year-old new employees who are at a lower level than 26-year-olds who have been with Google for a few years. It's so strange, and I've never seen anything like it.  Tracking systems are poor. Leadership's been here forever, so not a lot of innovative thinking or perspective. Almost all of senior leadership in Staffing is Google-grown, so it's a massive echo chamber.
No cons to necessarily report. Large company but still feels like a young one!
Tech centric -- non-core tech roles can be tough
Commute from San Francisco to Mountain View is not ideal
Fundamentally a (soul-less) ads business. Open, cramped work space.
therer is too much work
The usual problems with larger companies
Nothing I can think of at this point!
Understaffed and management rushing projects
Individual work assignment, which could get monotonous. I did not feel like I fit in. The management team already kew each other, so I was the newbie. I didn't really click with anyone.
No longer a startup like it used to be
- The salary, once adjusted for Bay Area cost of living and taxes, isn't competitive with similar positions in other locations (such as Google's Seattle office, which has similar compensation but with half rent and no state income tax). - Vacation time is very limited (3 weeks), particularly for people coming from other countries, where 4-5 weeks is usually a legal minimum. If you're moving away from your family, consider how hard it'll be to keep in touch given this limitation. Consider the fact that you're losing 1-2 weeks paid time off when you look at the compensation. - Relocation bonuses are paid after relocation, so you need to be able to pay them upfront prior to relocating.
Very competitive, over talented people.
had to move away from home to work their
It's gotten very big and moving upward can be very difficult once you reach a certain level.
Company is getting fairly large with bureaucracy and processes slowing things down.
Too little vacation, starts with only 15 days per year for new employees.
Google's difficult to get into, but also difficult to get fired from. It's like Stanford in that regard. This has pro's (easy to feel safe) and cons (easy to coast for years).
Downside, its a large corporation and there are tedious processes that do exist. However for a company so large it is not that bad.
The culture makes people stay on campus. Work /life balance only possible if your life is on Google campus
Insane amount of reorgs, lots of beauracracy/ very corporate for digital
1. No Work-life balance constantly working including weekends 2. Lack of Product Shipments and Constant Re-Orgs / Lost Vision over the past 3 years. 3. Upward promotions are based on who you know not what you did 4. Work Politics has gone really awful
They were located a little too far for me. I didn't want to move so I had a pretty long commute to campus daily.
Ideal environment in staffing, I don't have negatives.
Big company so project scope is very small
No negative remarks to share
Weak senior management in LA office - managers are not trained with key management skills and roles between senior sales people and 'head of industry' are blurred
Not much. I enjoyed it.
- HUGE - Difficult to get promoted
it is a big company.. it is different from group to group. it is critical to choose a good group.
If you're looking for a small, intimate start-up, this isn't the place to be.
Long hours and difficult assignments. Easy to spend a lot more time than expected at the office.
Get's really competitive, everyone stays in late due to the food.
No cons. Fantastic place to work.
It's really slow to get things done in some orgs - especially when it seems that there are not clear owners.
Huge organization lots to do lots to offer helpful
Impostor syndrome is easy to get, not that they don't try to combat it while you're there.
Not enough interest in creative solutions.
Management needs managerial skills instead of micro managing.
can get lost in the shuffle
Very political Hard to get promoted
None that I have noticed yet.
None that I can think of.
I think the manager is push.
Type A personalities are everyone
coding alone can be a little boring
Large company, can be chaotic at times.
its a very big company
Google has its own implementations of everything that you have to learn how to use.
pay is not competitive in some markets
Some teams may have more political tides than others, depending on which team and function. Google will spoil you with autonomy and work environment, so if you ever decide to leave, you will likely not find a similar atmosphere.
The program was a lot of hand holding for new grads
Sometime too tight knit of a culture in the smaller offices
It's a large company, so your job is not so important
huge company, the location I was in was not ideal for a young person
Preached open communication but didn't live by it.
sometimes there is high work pressure
Social situation varies by office. The interns at my office (SFO) did not seem to be social at all, my friends in other offices described their time differently. Small cog in a big machine. Intern projects can vary in how interesting they are (though most are at least fairly interesting) Somewhat bureaucratic, although not a big issue for an intern
A small but growing minority suffers from entitlement, self-righteousness, arrogance, and laziness.
Way too many meetings. Politics. Difficult to work if you are in remote office - choice of projects is limited, many decisions are still made in Mountain View.
work really hard, long hours, it seems everything is urgent since products and services need to be launched continuously and at great velocity to keep up with the competition
It's a little big, which can sometimes result in a lack of that small startup closeness feel. However, it is possible to get a similar feel with your immediate team.
Sometimes I felt like the entire campus was geared towards college students. The bright colors, the "dorm"-like designs. Age of employees tended to skew younger.
Company has gotten a little too big. The MTV campus is also too big and makes it a little hard to meet new people.
Managers are not good at Google
Opportunities for career growth are really limited if you're based in one of the alternate Google offices, and are unable to relocate.
Generally, security officers are the first people that visitors or employees come in contact with at an organization. They serve to protect the organization and help those who are in need of assistance. Since the security officers are often the first contacts, they also serve to provide the first impressions of their security department and the organization as a whole.
After holiday season it is really hard to get hours, that's the reason I had to quit and switch to a different job. For the first few months after December it gets slow, and I mean SLOW, I was getting maybe 6 - 9 hours per week.
There really isn't a con I can think of.
Commute, can't complain about anything else!
Difficult to get return offer. You have to take two additional technical interview for full-time conversion. They make the decision based on the 90-minutes interview instead of the performance in 12 weeks.
Everything is good except hard to promote.
can't say I have a whole lot of cons just the opportunity person is looking for do what you do and do it well and appreciate the opportunity that comes your way all in all great job number 1
Google is very big company with really smart people in the teams. Improving the levels is really hard unless you are a pro.
As Google grew it was unable to stave off the inevitable move into becoming a large bureaucratic organisation. To its credit, it avoided this fate for a long time, but passing 50k employees made it inevitable that more 'structure' (read hierarchy and centralized decision making) would be required
Big company, wants to feel like a small company, some politics, becoming a bit more old-fashioned than it was, less exponential growth in many areas.
not so much on the tea through
- Too bureaucratic/political for a "tech company" - Slow/methodical, it's just too large of a company doing too many things - Unnecessary middle management, difficult promotion cycles (bell curve)
Can not think of any.
Too many bright people, not enough projects to keep them busy. The promotion process seems very bizarre, unlike any other organization that I've ever worked in.
Long work hours, some people at director level are political and egotistical
Contractors treated like 2nd class citizens with a bright red badge. Not allowed to attend many of the company held events on campus.
The company is really big, so some days can be really slow.
Hard-to-get-into-job, can be stressful at times and is typically a good jobs for work-a-holics. Lots of boring and uneventful updating on google servers
nothing bad to say about this job at all.
- Boring work (unless you get lucky and get matched with a good team who is honest about the work in the host matching interview). - No oversight on intern host matching and/or intern management in general.
- Google is a large place today and things vary quite drastically from team to team. There's no guarantee of what type of thing/project/team you might be working on, at first. - Challenging to move up the career ladder as an engineer (probably in other functions, too) - you need to have the"full package" - engineering and leadership/communication
No coffee drinks in the MK fridges, too much use of chicken thighs and kale in the cafeterias. Have to re-interview to convert from intern to full time.
Slow project execution times etc
Work you like a dog.
Required to conduct interviews multiple times a week... That's about it.
Too much good food. You'll get fat eating all that. Sometimes, you can have impostor syndrome among all these smart nerds
Feels like a big company
Many hours are required to succeed
Not exactly world class when it comes to business process standardization, a result of the free-form creative engineering DNA. Trying to change to address pains of a growing company. Tenure can occasionally convey entitlement (even though some of them may be mediocre people who just lucked out, although many are brilliant and humble).
There are pretty much no cons
Not the office with the coolest projects per se
boring projects, hard to get on the exciting work
Commute from San Francisco is really bad.
Hard to switch ladders. Need to reinterview for fulltime conversion.
Impostor syndrome is hard to avoid, and it can be stressful.
The host matching process. I would rather interview for a particular team, than interview for a general software role and then figure out which team I am working on.
No downsides as far as I can tell.
It's a lot of work all the time. If you aren't good at managing your time and your life, you'll get sucked in and won't have a life anymore.  There are a lot of brilliant people here, so don't expect to just stand out. You have to be exceptional.
The performance review system is harsh, "meets expectations" is a perfectly acceptable review but if you're a person who is not satisfied with that designation (and you shouldn't be!) and are meeting all your objectives and excelling, it can be a hard pill to swallow. Getting promoted as an engineer takes a lot of time and some heavy politicking.
managers seemed to be learning.
Can be stressful. Can be boring
We're becoming a large company. Many more layers of management added in the last eight years. Easy to get overwhelmed with the amount of information. Hard to talk to anyone else about work because, really, everything is so much better than every other company that you sound like a whiner for complaining about anything...
stress no time to waste. have to give work time to time. make htings faster
Haven't been here long enough to experience much wrong yet.
huge variance in work by team
workflow is too slow, takes too many rounds of approval
Leadership was not experienced enough. There was clearly confusion about what they wanted the team and overall, the product to achieve
Climbing the ladder is impossible - have to hop jobs - sometimes you wont get the project you want - a lot of work
lack of support to be promoted into Director and above
Pressure to complete projects in a rush, etc.
TVC couldn't get as much benefits as full time employees. As a TVC myself, the work I was doing and the skills I was using were very specific to the project, can hardly be applied to other jobs.
Scoped Responsibility. There are a lot of incredibly smart people, so everyone needs to find their niche where they can be helpful.
Google's hiring standards are so high that you end up starting in a role you are overqualified for. Some people really enjoy that they have 100% mastery of their role from day 1, I found it extremely boring. Difficult process to transfer internally, very strict standards for what roles someone is eligible for based on the internal job code system.
No cons for working at Google.
Lack of communication with management
Long hours , sometimes they call too much when on holiday if you are leading teams and stuff life that
The only potential downside I see (from a limited early days view) is that it's a huge company, so maybe not always best at taking advantage of all of the cross functional capabilities.
Promotional structure is hierarchical and not transparent
Straight rules about time to start and have linch.
I have not found any cons at this time
- Nothing - Nothing - Nothing
becoming very hierarchical and bureaucratic. limited opportunities to move into managerial roles early in career unless in sales org
Very few if any at all.
It is hard to get promoted to senior levels even if you work hard and are smart.
Amount of work Very rapid changing environment and priorities
- Has grown to become a large corporation - Increasingly hierarchical - Most product related roles are located in Mountain View
It's hard to keep track of what other people are doing in such a large organization so sometimes you accidentally duplicate work.
- not quite alot of opportunities for mid-senior level employees - org structure sometimes can be funny and difficult to deal with
Very high expectations and long hours/overtime.
duplication of effort across BUs
Big bureaucracy. Hard to get things done quickly.
Your experience highly depends on the team you're on and the role you work on. Non-technical roles (outside of PM, Eng, and UX), are paid much less and feels like they're given much less attention.
Long Hours, other than that, it was great.
Company seems to be too big for me.
Not a lot of room for growth vertically
Not enough negative / critical feedback.
Sometimes there was politics instead of just making great products
Culture may be changing as the company grows
Upward mobility is limited
Huge company, easy to get lost in the deluge of projects and people.
Some teams work in not interesting areas
Google has become a large company with over 50,000 employees around the globe. Many ayers of management have been added. However, there is still lots of innovation happening in different parts of the company such as Google Cloud and Google X.
Some managers were very unpolite.
-recommend you work less than 40 hours
Internship is location based and it's very difficult to get anything in the NYC office if you do Mountain View.
Limitations to open communication and resources available to contractor vs full time
Meany well, but not enough to overcome (generational) dysfunctional family ownership, not that I'm any judge. Uneven leadership, kept breaking commitments. Greedy. Ugh.
Feel like a small fish in a big pond.
Passive-aggressive culture, hard to make impact at a company of this scale, depends on the product/team you join experiences could be very different.
Not many, certain teams definitely get more attention but that makes total sense otherwise I didn't personally have a problem with management
- Many googler's often get caught up on their projects and so often don't have much of a life outside of work.
As with any large company, things can sometimes be slow moving (but for individuals, you can progress quickly if you are a very top performer). Commuting from SF to Mt View sucks. Occasionally there are sub-par managers (and I don't think the managers get great training, although many are already well trained coming in)
Don't really know.. may be low speed
Long Commute and limited conversion rate to full time from contract
finding hard workers Sales Based on customer's credit
it is a HUGE company now, fighting imposter syndrome errryday, super competitive to get promo'ed above analyst levels, work life balance extremely poor
- have to schedule haircut - internal politics
New hire from the east coast is changing the culture for the worse. People are being pushed out, an army of people are being hired to support her votes and she's clear cutting the infrastructure for a short term gain. It has taken a decade to build Google and she's single handedly destroying it from the inside. Google is too valuable to Let this continue but no one is brave to stop her.  The founders have to reengage and see what's going on. We can't simply become another company. We have a special mandate to history. We take care of the meek and the money will follow, not the other way around.
Not enough compensation for me
- Very competitive atmosphere: People take credit for others' work and there have been many cases where this has happened across several teams. These people want to look better to senior leadership/get more hires/justify their roles. - Different experience dependent on what team you're on: Dynamics vary a lot. Often, your boss must be vocal enough or well liked in order for you to succeed (as the person below them) since you have no access to upper leaders. - Poor Management & Leadership: Just really bad in a lot of cases and don't really know what's going on. Lack of product knowledge and it's very obvious. - Promotions are selective: "Favorites" will often be easily promoted, when others may deserve it more. There is only a certain # of people who can be promoted every cycle. - At times, feels like a sexist environment for women: Males favored, listened to more, and "boys club" mentality at management level. - "Flat" organization but very hierarchical: Try to hire smart, experienced people in at the low level, meaning you must do everything on your own and feels like you're alone on an island of 1 without help or anyone to manage/hire in below you. Managers are usually people who have been at Google for a long time, and they are the ones with access to the senior leadership teams. - Hiring: Takes a long time. They say they only hire "smart people", however, the company is so big now, that's really impossible... many employees are not as smart or cool as Google advertises. - Unwilling to allow transfers to other offices: If you like Mountain View, great! If you do not like Mountain View, which most people do not, good luck with trying to transfer offices and stay in your current role. Internal transfers are also not as easy as advertised. - Bureaucracy: It's a huge company. Don't expect it to be all roses or feel like a small, fun company. There's a lot going on all the time, and you can easily get lost in the shuffle depending on the above re: managers, team, promotions, etc.
It was difficult at times to find the right help when you needed it so that is something to look into
big and corporate but nice
The con was all foods and drinks were free, including desserts, that contributed to rapid weight gain for the over-indulgent.
Too many cooks in the kitchen
a lot of politics, you sometimes feel useless due to the fact that you're surrounded by top-notch engineer.
Google is growing quickly and as the company grows, decision making sometimes slows down. We're not the scrappy company we used to be.
Sometimes overly data-driven, lack of instinct based decision making, dogmatic methodology
Nothing much, sometimes have work pressure. everything was pretty good.
Too many young people. Felt that there was less diversity. Many at senior role with very little experience and skills to manage teams
no cons really excerpt for security they annoy me
- Lots of red tape - Can be political
The office was located in Mountain View so the daily commute was long. Something you have to get used to but otherwise, great place to work!
Google currently working with Very unprofessional official vendor recruiter like eTouch
No real challenge's, there's no management approval, so you'll have to bring your own self satisfaction in your work. Payroll support can be hit or miss, but an email or two sorts it out
not a lot, if you like your role, and you are willing and motivated to grow out of your comfort zone
No guarantee of conversion. Very unlikely
Look, it's no longer the scrappy start up it was 10 years ago. With growth comes maturity. Some of it is good, some of it leaves little to be desired. But none of it is unique to Google. All in all, dealing with bureaucracy sitting in one of our 20+ free cafeterias or on a plane headed to Europe for a team building event makes it bearable and, dare I say, even fun.
Too big organizations and slower decision making than before
Sometimes it felt to structure, to overlly done in processess
political, lots of red tape, need multiple approvals to get anything done
I don't really know what to say, I really really like it
A bit cumbersome now due to its size
A lot of red tape and running through hoops to get things done Lack of pace to launch new products/features
- The perks are there to keep you working longer hours - The commute from SF to Mountain View is from 90mins each way upwards of 2.5 hours - Emphasis solely on revenue even if the deal is not right for the client's needs/budget - Unrealistic quota setting so reps work 10 hour days minimum - Account management team is spread too thin, so clients do not receive adequate support and typically turn off accounts after a few weeks - Management focuses on revenue not their people - Very little product training and no sales coaching at all - Google as a greater company is incredibly hard to navigate and move laterally or upward in, even as an existing employee
Getting an offer for a job could be challenging as the interview process takes awhile. Still a great company once you are in.
The company is not really innovating anymore, so it is hard to have fun with friends while keeping a good distance from evil octopi.
Definitely depends on your team but for retail: not allowed to WFH even though all FTEs WFH on Fridays so the office is dead, FTEs randomly disappear to team building offsites and don't tell the contractors so we arrive to a dead office, conversion chances are very very low and based on timing/budget more than performance, discouraged from billing over-time but encouraged to work 40+ hours a week, APMMs with no work experience are given more responsibility than contractors and you end up training them.
lots of traffic - very hard to get to work in MTV
There is the tendency to stay on campus really late so work life balance isn't great.
Challenge is nothing more for i m always challenge with my self not with other they know what can they do but i know what need for google
The global business org at Google struggles with its flat organizational structure, it can be difficult to get promoted or to have your work acknowledged in a very competitive, self-promoting culture. Don't believe everything you read in the press about how fantastic Google work culture is. Although the HR department has made multiple attempts to improve the promotion structure at Google, it can be near impossible to navigate all of the appropriate politics to gain a promotion. Furthermore, a promotion in the sales org at Google does not necessarily mean an increase in responsibility or a title change. Employees usually work in roles 1-2 levels above them in order to first demonstrate that they are worthy of promotion. In this same vein, the opportunities for growth are VERY few within this org, and you often find people moving from industry to industry (within the sales org) to keep their day-to-day interesting. There is a huge bottleneck for middle management to make their way into leadership positions. Most importantly, the leadership within the sales org is severely lacking. Leadership makes decisions well removed from the sales organization itself (and its employees) and often work like politicians to further their own careers, rather than improve the larger organization itself.
A little more caring for junior developers. Other than that, I am utterly satisfied with Google.
Growth opportunities limited to very specific roles Too big and spread out - might as well be multiple companies Sometimes its hard to understand how what you are working on fits into the larger process Opaque promotion process Product/Eng/UX/Monetization not as connected as they should be
Too fragmented. Everyone feels they have an opinion without equally having accountable of decisions.
Corporate Politics and needs more bathrooms
The overhead to getting work done can be frustrating, and it can be easy to feel like you never become competent at what you are doing because there are always new challenge.
None that I can think of.
People were all nice but it was very competitive and I could not enjoy my time there anymore so I left
It is a big company.
Very good people and great environment to work with people and teams.
nothing to say that is bad
I couldn't think of any
Like at any large company (?) development feels slow. We have a somewhat unique problem of having a huge amount of code that doesn't scale well with existing tools, so we make tools ourselves, but sometimes they're lacking in features that I was used to before working at google. You have to be smart about making a fast iterative feedback cycle for yourself if you know you'll need to tweak your code many times before you get it right.
Adecco is like other staffing companies. They're ... nothing to write home about, and I remember the paperwork for getting the job seeming to be a little bit "too much", but once I was on board, the Adecco rep didn't really have to involve himself in the project we were on, so, it was pretty quiet.
Job ladder is kind of idiotic, but management is good enough to overcome this and make the situation work for most Technicians.
Commute is really long and sometimes I wonder how much people care about each other of you know what I mean
Made contractord feel inferior to everyone else.
Too big. Stuck up people. They all think they're smart. Not all, but most. What can I say, it's a huge company.
Very disorganized management. Too much bureaucracy.
many of the top talents are working on mundane things
frequent reorganization, lack of project directions and commitments
Hard to move up within the organization, very smart people are tasked with menial roles
Hard to move laterally, lots of oversite leading to slower project movement.
Disadvantages of a big company
While nothing is perfect, Google was close. It is hard work, but that's what everyone signed up for.
Projects change quickly and suddenly.
Getting big, hard to have impact, be nimble, lots of temps/vendors/contractors, cut throat
* slow cycles * non meritocratic * no incentive to work harder * waste time on irrelevant bureaucracy
Google is now a big company and you do not have the flexibility as years past. Expected and any large company faces the same challenges.
- Limited perks: I get that TVCs can't have the same perks as FTE, but as a TVC you are constantly reminded of your lack of privilege by both Google and your peers. True story: as a designer at Google, I once had to design a t-shirt for a team outing I could not attend (because of my TVC status) and then I wasn't given a t-shirt (despite having designed it) because swag is a FTE perk only. Really guys? - People: depending on the team you get, people are extremely cliquey and treat TVCs like second-class citizens / borderline work slaves. I have been disrespected and downright mistreated many times at Google. - Growth: as a TVC you do not get to have growth and management does not care about it. - Work: the work is boring and repetitive. I was hired to do a job that sounded interesting, exciting, and creative. I ended up getting a series of the same tasks because that's what my team needed from me. Despite having asked for different projects and complained about being burned out, I am still asked to perform the same tasks. - Design: as a contract designer, you will not get any portfolio-worthy projects. I know many contract designers at Google and they all feel the exact same way that I do. We feel like the help and it's awful.
Nothing. All was good and I truly have nothing bad to say.
they are very particular with their hiring and it can take awhile
too comfortable, no really much cons.
Large Company culture, out of focus
Work life balance, ever changing management structure.
If you are a software engineer (SWE), I don't recommend joining the Site reliability engineering (SRE) team because Google SRE management is clueless and plays favoritism. You will be responsible for both SRE works and software developments. Your software development skills will be judged by developers in feature teams because you were in a SRE team. The goal of Google SRE management is to get you do SRE works and then eventually screwing your career and promote fellow SREs.
HR processes can be more flexible
commute, spoiled coworkers, second class treatment of contract employees.
Long term commitment missing, farsightedness missing
Moved to the bay area to work for Google, and it's cramped, our house is small and my commute long.
Depending on your location, the commute is awful (four hours round trip to Mountain View). It's become very large and sometimes difficult to navigate. They still struggle with issues of diversity and work-life balance.
Too much of a hipster lazy culture
Interview was a little tough . And you need to have in depth knowledge about all the routing protocols
need more time to execute your idea
Large company, slowing down further.
not good for career development, huge company, narrow scope for US based roles.
bad treetment of the staff
long hours is stressful at times.
still like a start up at times, infrastructure not build yet
Quality of cafeteria food seems to be gradually going down over the years.
not yet, good compny , keep moving
None whatsoever! Great in every way.
It's easy to disappear in the noise and never get noticed.
poorly defined roles, inadequate leadership and guidance
very spread out, somewhat difficult to be promoted very high outside of Mt View, still not making large amounts of money except in ads-based products
Tough to grow up the ladder
Quite political and mileage might vary depending on which teams you join and which manager you get. Depends a lot on luck.
If you don't fit a certain mold, you will only go so far.
The company is becoming bureaucratic, it's particularly felt when one works in markets vs. HQ
Can not think of anything.
Sometimes long cafe lines while you're waiting for free food. Large campus requires you to use GBike to get around sometimes (I'm lazy), although they do provide buses and even an uber-like pickup service. So many things to see and do, between talks, special events and parties, that it can be hard to focus on your work.
boring sometimes but overall not too many cons.
-the growing size of Google has impacted its culture negatively (people don't know each other and are less accountable for being nice to "strangers" vs. when I started in 2010) and its perks -Job titles are lower than comparable jobs outside of Google -Commute from SF to Mountain View has gotten worse each year I've been employed (yes, it's a personal choice to live in SF and commute, but lack of SF jobs is the root con here) -Tech promotion process is very labor-intensive and black box-y in terms of feedback
occasionally gruelling work hours but decent work life balanxe
-working with temps -predatory employment agreement -factory-like work environment -overcomplicated processes (4 tools to do 1 thing) -hourly tracking of time (micromanagement) -human resources (no full time local representation)
No executive training or management positions no career progression.
Nothing that comes ot my mind!
nothing much I never faced a bad situation
Lower salaries compared to competitors
No support from superiors regarding advice on product development.
Many people at Google are over-qualified for the job they are doing. This is on purpose and allows Google to have great performers that can quickly takeover more responsibilities and climb the corporate ladder (it's what happened to me) but many people that weren't aware of that and signed their contract for the name Google more than for a specific job got really disappointed with that.
Long Hours and you are expected to work your charms. Also you need to work with leadership to get business outcome of any initiative . It's role where you engage equally with upward and downward in organization chain to make bigger impact .
Haven't found any cons except you must be intelligent cop-up with their standards
No business discipline. Poor senior leadership. Too much of a focus on "shiny things" vs. driving revenue.
It is becoming a big corporation with more bureaucracy and slow decision making. Each pixel-sized feature has to be reviewed, A/B tested and approved.
with lots of acquisitions, and old timers not going anywhere, limited upward mobility options after a while which is prompting unforeseen politics (but much less than other companies) intense competition because of so many talented people with incredible resumes
no cons found so far
low pay for my family
Senior leadership does things that look good for their own careers, not what's best for the team/company
Conservative culture in terms of innovation/trying new ideas (despite what you might think from external impressions). Lots of politics and infighting depending on the group you're on (I was on early Android & Google+, both very tumultuous). I had 12 different managers in 4 years.  Product Managers are often not highly valued there compared to engineers for example.
long work hours. Very hard to maintain a good work life balance. Constant fear of being fired. Too much of a bureaucracy, you feel like dont contribute to anything.
The company is getting much bigger than few years ago. Not *everyone* is hired at the same bar, few did perform worse than others. Besides, depending on the team, the chance to grow (or precisely speaking, promotion), is not the same, some teams are easier than others.
Can't say i can think of any. But if at all, I'd like to improve the quality of Indian food
None that I can think of.
Too much institutionalization of... everything.
- It's becoming a very large company, with many layers of hierarcy and a greater top-down decision making process than it used to be - Growing pain and sometimes chaotic environment - Employees in remote offices have fewer opportunities
I have no downside at work
-Work gets boring fast, and there's so many good people you feel easily replaceable and that you don't really make that much of an impact -Constant changes and reorgs. Some are lucky to go through their careers sticking with the same team. On the other hand, there are also plenty of people like me - I've gone through 5 team changes in 5 years, and only one of those was initiated by me. -The promotion process is terrible and more about politics than merit. Before coming into Google, this was the ONLY concern I had based on reviews I read here years ago. Unfortunately nothing has changed, and I'd argue the process has gotten slightly worse. Someone who "plays the game" and toots his/her own horn is more likely to get promoted than someone who actually does good work but is humble about it. -"Simplify" is more of a buzzword internally than something they put into practice. The number of tools and resources is overwhelming and unnecessary. Every time they say they're going to simplify, they just remove one thing and replace it with another. -There's a very corporate feel to Google. When I first interviewed I remember being told they still had a "startup vibe". Not even a shred of that vibe since I've started.
none, the company is great
You do not get all the perks. For example, team off-sites. It does suck when your colleagues are raving about how they really bonded during the team's off-site, and you can't really relate. Sense of connecting is really important at a work place, and sense you are restricted from having that even if your work excels your peers can't fully scope it because the lack of connection.  You don't get all the knowledge. You are blocked from participating in Grow classes that the rest of your team gets. If you want to compete you must go out of your way and pay for classes, that your team members (sometimes) get for free. They are constantly learning and growing with ease and accessibility. While you're juggling to keep up, while being financially stable in this ridiculously economy.  You do learn from your colleagues. Well, the nice ones but (yes, even at Google) there are mean and very mean people. Even management is mean. Not everyone at Google is Googley (that's a fact). Especially, once they see your red badge. Once they see red it is like the respect is gone. Some do treat TVCs as though they are slaves whose knowledge is mediocre and opinions don't matter. From my experience thus far, Google consist of 15% genuinely nice, 20% nice, 35% mean, and 30% really mean people. Oh, and the majority of the 15% are TVCs.  My experience: You work your butt off and are doing the same work as your full-time teammates for below market pay with very little to sometimes no recognition. Your opinions do not matter. They only bought you on to do the hard slave labor.
Technology is very old. Very limited choice of technology which you can choose. to work with. For advanced developers Google is just waste of time. Support is very week. You can spend 2 hours of chatting with support and then it is converted to a ticket. So, most of the time in Google you just spend for useless and boring things.
Middle management issues and peers throwing each other under the bus during perf.
I don't think there is any cons in this company.
It has become big and decision process takes time.
- Getting big. need to find your place where you can make the biggest impact.
Can be hard to advance
The location could be a bit better but it's still a great place.
Google does an amazing job of offering lots of benefits for families, with a company full of driven individuals, it can be hard to strike the right balance between work and life without jeopardizing your success in the other.
Hard work long hours but if you can handle the pressure of being surrounded by geniuses all the time then you should be just fine
- Google is a big company. So there are going to be winners and losers when it comes to career growth. Due to the high hiring bar, most people who don't win are smart people as well and their experience sours. This place is optimized to avoid false positives in every step and false negatives are inevitable. At least when you get promoted, you can feel good that you have truly done something.  - You have to have skill to find impactful areas or projects or start one in order to grow fast. A lot of people can't or don't want to do that. They want it lying there in a platter in front of them (I don't mean this disrespectfully. I have been there). This is why smaller companies or startups look attractive. It's easier to grow in a less competitive place and there is nothing wrong in wanting that.  In my experience, a lot of people who say Google is boring and young & smaller companies are those that are good at building things and solving problems that a thousand other engineers can solve. They just want a place where it hasn't been solved. At google, a lot of your basic services and infra are built. So the problems to solve get substantially more difficult and requires some lateral thinking as well. Again, no disrespect. There are lot of people out there, including me, who would like interesting problems handed over to us.  - in a place of this size, you have to navigate some political issues.  - in critical systems like search, you can just push new things (rightfully so). It's a process and you have to convince that your feature can be used by a billion people. I'm sure every company would do this.
- Too many layers of no-op managers - No tooling to do your job (e.g. iOS development on Mac) - "Free" lunch is low quality, poor selection - 20% time is a straight up lie
Currently have not found any cons yet.
No clear path of progression Treatment of Contracts less than par Engineering company - Tough if you are not an engineer Lower salary compared to other companies
Tedious work. No hope of ever rising out of contract status, despite what some managers would tell you.
Google is a big company. All the rules that try to keep things fair can let a lot of dumb stuff through the cracks. Some managers look great on paper. Then they make you wonder how they got into that position.
- No training. Must learn on the go - Re-orgs are extremely common. You never know what's gonna happen next month - Can sound very strange but collecting the desired data at Google can be challenging - Great disconnection between tech and non-tech teams
- Getting very large -- hard to get resources for everything - Growing number of MBAs to non-MBAs - Individual success highly dependent on manager
Took a while to get set up for the summer (orientation)
It is a very large company,to some this could be challenging.Keep in mind that being a very large company can slow things down a bit.
Not too much. Sometimes people get burned out but the culture makes it difficult to present anything other than success and happiness.
Political activity. Groups try to take credit for the work of others
Contracts are not allowed to partake in all perks offered by Google.
Since the company has become so large, it started to have more politics and heavy process than years ago. Growth opportunity within some of the larger ux team maybe limited.
There is some politics, even if you work hard and for long you will still feel quite small as it has an technological environment!
Risky projects get cancelled all the time. That feels bad when you're working on something cool and it gets cancelled by senior management.
No clarity, politics, no feedback, you're on your own.
Politics is everywhere! Software engineers makes a difference among commerce Professionals!
Hard to prove yourself in such competitive place.
- Poor middle management that plays favorites - Employees in remote offices have fewer opportunities - Not very welcoming especially to diverse employees - minority employees are leaving at an alarming rate - The Enterprise division has a different/negative culture than the main Google/Alphabet - Re-orgs are extremely common. You never know what's gonna happen next month - Big Company Bureaucracy - Small teams can be very politicized and somewhat mediocre - Salary decisions are made using someone’s current salary instead of what the job is worth - It appears they are working hard on this but most of us are still affected by it.
Too much free food can cause obesity
Millennial Environment (which as a millennial I don't like), Forced Get-togethers
management is not that great. they never back up their employees but rather throw them under the bus
Sometimes we lack focus. Very bureaucratic, lots of of layers of approvals for small changes. Promotions based seemingly on impact, but a fair chunk on favoritism.
Work hours and load may take some getting used to for newbie
Potential impostor syndrome. People are really smart, and sometimes it can be frustrating with the feeling that you may be not as smart as the other people around.
it seems as too competitive at times
Every job has bad days, but this place's bad days aren't really that bad.
Sometimes you had to work too much
Sometimes it was hard to get coworkers on the same page. People spend inordinate time on their own personal projects instead of the collaborative work assigned.
I don't have any cons to report at this point. I think anyone who is afraid of working hard won't thrive well here.
Product failure rate high, perpetual migration to do. Low performers are tolerated, because managers are busy managing yet another reorganization.
Tedious job less growth too many distractions less travel opportunities Less exposure
age bias, difficult interactions between sales and engineering, mistrust of information from the field, often lacking long term development commitment to products for enterprise, and while everything is data driven sometimes that data has been intentionally skewed by people seeking to influence decision making
High expectations, politics (of course - there is politics everywhere), sometimes more swirl around bigging something up than it actually being impactful
- Big Company Bureaucracy - Lots of legacy to maintain
not family-friendly now that I have kids - I don't wan to spend time playing ping pong and taking advantage of free fun events. I want to get home with my kids.
A not small number of teams are very politicized and somewhat mediocre. You might find yourself getting paid to do boring and ultimately energy-sapping work-- after a while, this can degrade your skills.
none, its a great place to work
It's a large company so there's some bureaucracy, frequent reorganizations
If you are a contractor, don't expect career growth. Take your experience and leave. If you are a vendor, then expect to be in hell because you will not have any hopes for promotion or conversion. If a full time position opens up on your team, expect management to block your application (even if you are qualified) and once they hire a full time employee, expect to have to train that person.  Full time and vendor management tends to micromanage and is generally unappreciative and suspicious if you work under them with a red badge. Don't expect any work flexibility or autonomy. Expect to be treated like a second class citizen and don't expect to get any respect.  The Google perks like food, gym, etc really depends on where your office is located. If you are a TVC, then likely you will not get easy access to these perks because you may be located on a "vendor only" office that is specially set up without these amenities.
- Large locations like Mountain View, New York, etc. are very impersonal, smaller locations are more friendly/personable, but may have a smaller selection of projects to choose from - Some projects/teams have process burdens that impede progress, task completion - Many teams use proprietary Google tech rather than externally available, popular opensource technology, as a result, many skills gained may not be as portable to other companies
The promotion system has made things quite political Getting more and more hierarchical People see each other's level, and management tend to believe in higher-level people. Changes are slow Absence of good system to deal with low performers.
- Hard to unplug from work, even during vacations or other time away. - Workday tends to be on the longer side. ~60 hour weeks aren't that uncommon. - "20% time" doesn't really exist like it used to.
nothing bad in here, just a little bit slow of project
Perks keep you from realizing how toxic the environment can be and noticing the lack of career opportunities. This would be different in the MTV office, but that would require 3 hours of commuting a day. So, unless you're an engineer, your only real opportunities exist in MTV. The Austin office's culture is particularly negative, cutthroat, and hostile to women and minorities, as most tech companies are. Management rewards only people they personally like and hang out with. Deviant personalities are punished in the form of stagnation.
As a contract you are treated with suspicious and not like a fellow worker.
1. Work-life balance can be less than ideal in some teams. 2. Traffic getting in and out of Mountain View campus is bad
Projects are often plagued by ambiguous goals (not uncommon for taking on audacity). They are frequently inconsistently managed frequently changing targets based on the feeling of the day.
Difficult to get holistic picture due to size of organisation
As a contractor, though, there's a very clear line that is drawn between what you get and what the full time Googlers get. You don't get invited to special Google events. You don't get some of the nice benefits and flexibility in scheduling that Googlers get. You're bound to the rules of your contracting agency, whoever that may be. This means that you don't get nice health insurance benefits, no 401k, no holiday or sick time, your job is to fill needed hours in Google's staffing, and as a contractor that's all that's expected of you. You often don't get special recognition for doing your job, and there's no guarantee that you'll end up at a job with Google full time - it's all based on business need. This isn't Google's fault. This is the expectation of a contract role. My advice to anyone taking a contract role with Google is to not let working "at" Google go to your head. Understand that you work for a contracting agency and not for Google, and don't expect a future with Google because no promises are made.
- A few entitled employees that have let all the pros go to their head - Imposter syndrome is prevalent - Company is huge -- have to work hard to truly set yourself apart - Crushing performance review cycle
You just do a little part of a project
I don't see any. Work can be stressful at times.
salary, so no overtime pay
It's a large company. So event launch small changes requires a lot of work to verify and get approval.
Company seems very big sometimes
I didn't particularly like the location in San Francisco, be it because of the high living costs and shady environment in some places.
hiring bar is pretty high
job was a bit boring
Competitive environment, Stress, Hard work.
Smaller geographical offices can have limited opportunities for roles outside of Software Engineering.
Overcrowded poorly maintained campus (Mountain View, CA). Limited parking space. Noisy cramped open-space office reduces productivity. All that keeps getting worse as more and more employees are packed into the same buildings. I am surprised perks show as "pros" in reviews, personally I would pay out of pocket for food without long lines or quiet office.
You spend a lot of working on smaller problems.
Advancement past L5/L6 involves an increasing amount of political savvy - often more than technical savvy. Project horizons are long and frequently never go anywhere. Work becomes less innovative and more procedural maintenance. Really limited opportunities outside of MTV.
No cons I can think of, it's Google!
Performance reviews are a lot of work and take quite a while if going for promo You need to do a lot of interviews
I don't think there are any cons if you find your dream job
It's a big company, so there are a lot of politics that go into things that (even though I didn't experience the negative effects of as an intern) affect engineers.
Nothing bad about them at all
Can't think of any as of yet
Lacking collaboration amongst team members
Nothing really, I love everyone so much!
Too many processes that hinder fast development.
- hard to rise in ladder - impact depends on project
Very competitive and long hours
difficult to move up rapidly
* has gotten very big * not as easy to take risks, because the company is under so much scrutiny from so many parties
I don't have any at the moment
Mundane core role, more client facing that advertised in the job description
It's still a corporate environment so things move slower than at start ups.
Company is too big and complicated to navigate - lot of time spent on internal reporting and justification Hard to stand out, moving forward is based on politics not on ability
I don't have any issues.
Hectic environment -- lots of work to do Tough competitors
Didn't like the corparate ladder, hard to move up, too relaxed
- Employee "I deserve this right now" entitlement is real - Huge company with top-tier talent means that only the best of the best can truly impact anything - Mountain view HQ is way too massive
* too many people * less exciting new projects
You have a lot of free food, so you might start being fat. Workload is pretty heavy, it is hard sometimes to have work-life balance.
Cons is mostly towards the competitive scene. Expect co-workers to do whatever they can in order to move ahead of you
It's a never-ending learning process no matter how old you are there are new things everyday to learn from. Remember your mistakes and focus on them .Your supervisors words and advice will only make you a better employee
It just has so many talented people so the space for you is very limited. And one can feel pressure at there.
None that I can think of.
Not for everyone,Stressful,Agonizing,Work/Life Balance not the best.
Some managers, especially in the ads space, are not very good and just tow the line. Promotion process is terrible. You have to work constantly and be type A to get promoted in non-technical positions. Smart people are stuck in support roles.
Hard job be good at.
Our startup was acquired by Google and we were thrown into Checkout/Commerce. The organization within Google had a history of being somewhat dysfunctional and that did not change when we got there.  Our product was sunset which was painful in itself and I was thrown into several me too new products (Offers, Wallet) - This is where Google showed its big company bureaucracy and I never felt like I had ownership of what I was doing.
It's a big company with lots of rules in place about promotions. Can feel arbitrary sometimes.
The interview question is hard, and they expect perfect bug free code and best time complexity.
Not all projects are exiting and a lot of work are creative. However, I would say that Google is doing a good job keeping the bureaucratic overhead low for its size.
Middle management (at least in my part of the org) is in a constant state of upheaval. I have a new manager, VP, or director every 6 months.
If you're a contractor, you're treated like a second-class citizen.
life balance no need worry enjoy
Some places are over hired and fragmented - it is harder to have big ownership and make sizable impact.
Getting a little slow to get things done, but there's no other large company that I rather work in.
No one is perfect. No company is perfect. There are great people and there are jerks. There are great managers and a bunch of not-so-great ones. If you go in thinking this is some utopia that doesn't have politics and bureaucracy, you'll get disillusioned really fast. And it's a company full of overachievers, so it's hard to maintain work-life balance if you want to keep up with your peers - unless you explicitly force yourself to only work a certain amount.
- It's a big company now so getting stuff done can be a bit tricky - Despite the fact that there are many distributed offices, you really want to be in Mountain View if you expect to have a major impact
Some of the work sucks.
- internal toolchains are sometimes hard to use - promotion system heavily base on product launches - food quality is kind of declining
Poor field execution and support.
I cannot think of any cons to write.
its a big company with process that is limited for a company of its size but still exists, tremendous horizontal growth opportunities but growing vertically takes time
Not really. Getting to be a bit big company like, so you are a small fish in big pond, rather than big fish in small pond.
As a big company Google has lots of politics. It has become hierarchical and there is lots overhead like meetings. The 20% time is touted but not that real in practice.
If you a contractor, you are ZERO there. They don't listen to your opinion.
It is a large conpany and there i s politics to navigate and it can be slow to get promoted
I worked at Google for 4 years and really do not have major complains about the environment. Only that I did run into a number of self-focused manager who would have done better to take care of their teams
i can't figure out. maybe it is not startup culture anymore.
Working in Mountain View location can be isolating as there is really no reason to leave campus during the week and experience life outside of the company.
Willing to relocate as position moves between locations.
occasional politics, food can be rather dull. feels like a small fish in a big pond. Sometimes difficult to get recognition for work.
I cannot think of any cons I just like how they run things like clockwork
Depends on the team you get assigned to.
Long hours. Immense pressure at times. It is not a start-up any more. Lots of people. You see some politics there.
Not much that I aware of.
Its a big company and decision making can be slow, good management is not always a priority
I need to move to another place with my families.
_Smart People : ) _Hard to get work/life balance
Nothing really cons to say
Most opportunities are in the Bay Area, if you're in a distributed office, growth is very limited and the expectation is that you relocate.  Additionally, becoming a leader within the org is difficult to do if you're starting your career at Google. You'll likely need to leave, get an advanced degree or experience elsewhere and return in order to become a leader.
Slow decision making as the company continues to grow at an amazing pace.
Google giving good packages and working there is a very different and cool experience .
A little bit chaotic, less structural. This can be bad sometime, because you will find out 10+ people are doing the same thing you are doing, and then you question yourself why am I doing this.
Horrible Management and downward communication
- It's too big, the size of the company has not clearly improved its ability to execute whilst leading to an erosion of cultural values
None. Don't expect the comps to be as competitive as other hot startups.
It's a big company so impact can be limited and politics are definitely an issue. If you work in an office outside of headquarters it can be challenging to move to a new role.
-Slow promotion track. The pipeline to promotion is long and daunting. -Large corporate feel. Tougher to stick out among hundreds of peers at your same level/role. -Exceptionally fast paced. The product updates are sometimes too much to keep on top of! -Base pay is low. The base pay is disappointing compared to the non-sales org pay.
By having so much that's free, they own your time and mask the many things about it that aren't cool. All of it is public. It's just that some of its affiliations and aspirations aren't obvious and make people like me feel good about working there.
It's a pretty laid back environment, but sometimes that means things move a little slowly. I prefer things to move more quickly, but it's difficult because of big company bureaucracy.
Enterprise side needs a lot of work
Long hours that require a lot of coffee.
It seemed like you were a small fish in a big pond at times. There are a lot of employees and you might seem to feel like you can get lost
Long-term there are limited career growth opportunities.
Very very demanding. It takes up all of your time. No time for any other activities
Demanding job, tough to disconnect
too big of a company, hard to move up in company, hard to balance work with social life
Because the talent pool is so deep in google, some very talented people end up doing trivial things. Also, though the company is of considerable size, career mobility isn't all you would think it is and is more of a resume booster than a company to grow old with.
Frequent shuffling on management and teams.
I do not have any cons about google except that the traffic getting in and out is horrible.
It seems to me that all people working there need to commit more personal time than what i expected
- Some of the middle management (Directors, VP) just cruise, doing nothing, acting busy - Incredibly steep corporate ladder to climb - Performance review process cumbersome, ratings system ineffective and biased
Interview process does take quiet a while
with the years and the company growing bigger - one can now face a lot of Politics and the pace of things have been moving slowly because of bureacracy
Some level of politics, can feel a little disorganized at times!
One exception to the "great benefits": they do *not* provide child care -- although they (and tech journalists) say they do. Many of my female (and male) coworkers were blindsided by this after joining Google with the promise of company day care. This is an unconscionable bait-and-switch.  Secondly: incompetent line managers are left in place while entire departments under them quit or get fired. People with no domain experience are put in charge of exactly the function they are unqualified in. Line workers are assigned to projects where success is impossible, then blamed for the failure. Example: a colleague was assigned to provide a specific kind of support to an engineering team, problem was, the team had never asked for this support, actually opposed getting that type of support, and refused to work with my colleague. He wasted months futilely trying to do his job. Guess who got the blame? Not the engineers or the manager who put my colleague in this no-win situation. Similar things happened to me and to others I know.
Traffic into work can be discouraging.
Imposter syndrome. For me, long commute. Twenty percent time is hard to make time for. The delicious food will make you fat.
Extremely competitive, take home pay is not as high as non-Googlers assume it is, many poorly socialized individuals around.
salaries could be higher. perks are great
Can be cloistered, ivory tower
It's getting very corporate with people who don't think outside of the box or are willing to try anything new (sales org), promotion and compensation is wholly political
Very big company. Hard to be visible and remember people that you have worked with.
Depends on which department you work for, you people work same project and it could be competitive.
HR and recruiters are not helpful and were often rude.
very far from my house but everything eslse was ok you get paid ggood and they work through oyor scehdule
the worst thing in the area is traffic
The projects are fast paced so be prepared. We work nonstop although it's not always a serious environment. During breaks we tend to avoid talking about work because we are always so busy with it.
Tons of bureaucracy. Promotions are made unnecessarily difficult.
The company has become clunky and bureaucratic. Employees are rewarded for being able to "play the game", negotiate internal politics and promote themselves, rather than for doing truly good work. Many of the best and brightest from Google's early days have moved on to more interesting and nimble companies and we are left with a good number of "lifers" who are not the sharpest, but understand the system well enough to keep up appearances.
they think they are better than everybody else
The company is becoming bigger and bigger each year, which brings on its own problems.
Not too many career advance opportunities.
It's a large company, so sometimes hard to make an impact.
This is not a place to coast - come ready to make a difference.
- company is getting bigger and bigger - your impact becomes smaller
very bureaucratic promotion process they are working on it though.
Becoming more conventional as size grows with a limited scope of what one can do.
Due to the size of the company, different divisions of Google have different cultures. It can be hard for job applicants to know which divisions they want to work in.
Can't think of any at the moment
The cafeterias are overrates, they all the same. I prefer to get paid more so I could eat out.
Nothing I can think of right now.
HR is political and has lots of red-tape. Talent isn't what it used to be. Below average talent are hired and sometimes promoted.
Remote office means you are disconnected
- Size of the company is huge, so don't expect startup culture.
You work ALL of the time. As in Google is your life...but you love it so much, you don't mind.
fast pace, competitive, changing, fast, fast
Very difficult to promote, depending on what group you belong to.
Its just google thats all. Nothing special about it nothing at all i wish i had applied to a different company
It can be a little intimidating when everyone is at the top of their game. When everyone's a high performer it's very hard to stand out.
Many smart people working on similar projects
There are no cons about Google. A person is crazy to think there are any cons about this wonderful place.
It's a fairly competitive place, with few room for advancement if you are in a fairly mature team.  The performance review process is very contrived and tend to favor shiny, visible projects over other critical ones that aren't that sexy.  The commute.
Reorg all the time which makes it hard for long term career development
Since the company is so big, decisions are really slow and there's a lot of red tape along the way to get stuff done.
too dynamic, high load,
None so far. I really can't think of any.
company is starting to show age with too much bureaucracy hard to get promoted
The company has undergone a huge shift from medium size company to extremely large and has lost of of the positive atmosphere.
Not a small company. It's slow to deploy product changes and as a product person you'll spend way more time building consensus and getting approval for launching something than actually building the product.
Good company ever...i recomment to any one who is currently looking for there good job.
The bureaucracy and big company feel is starting to creep in. Despite a "Bureaucracy Busters" campaign, there are days I feel like I am attaching a cover sheet to my TPS report.
Workload can be daunting at times, FTE's and TVC's are viewed VERY differently in the culture.
The interviewer asks for dates of college graduation and number of years of experience. Then I was told that Google would not consider people with too much experience.  The Google employees treat contractors like second class citizens who have nothing to contribute.
The company is too big to get anything done reasonably easy.
Main offices are in expensive areas. Oncall rotations interfere with work-life balance.
To many managers. To many meetings. Favoritism place a huge role with management.
The company is a lot bigger than it used to be, and though it's done better than most, it can't help slowing down as it grows. Some of the reasons I came to work at Google when it was 1000 employees are no longer true.
Google is a huge company. Sometimes feels like you get lost in what you're doing. Great company but definitely feels big.
- Mature products move slow due to size and complexity - Quite a few overly talented people for what they are doing
My teammates are not great at English, and sometimes results in miscommunication. It's a team-specific problem though, my other Googler friends don't have this problem.
Lots of management overhead, does move slowly, especially on the engineering side, which means you sometimes have to sit on your hands. Also there's a decent amount of back and forth from middle management on direction.
Work life Balance Lost small company feel Very competitive Big Egos
It is too boring to work there.
Work during weekends,nothing particular. Too liberal and too flexible to make you lazy.
Flat structure means career movement can be difficult
Career growth depends heavily on team and manager.
A common problem with large companies: it is a lot competition to climb up the latter from an ordinary engineer.
- Given large size of company, often easy to get lost among thousands of other employees. - Other employees are often focused on personal development and promotion rather than for the team.
Politics are starting to get in the way of engineering. Since launches are incentivized so heavily in promo process, negative dogfood feedback is often ignored on the way to launch, with few or no consequences.
It has become a big company. It's leaner and less bureaucratic than most big companies, but it's still a big company.
Nothing specific, haven't had any issues working here.
Company is very very big
Very biased towards whatever engineering wants, creating unfair conditions for everyone else.
hours can be long sometimes
Most jobs are in MTV where cost of living is extremely high even when making almost $100K
very large company, functions can be silo'd
Not in San Francisco, traffic getting worse, sometimes too focused internally
The office politics are harsh. Not a whole lot of interesting problems outside of MTV. The size of the place may make you feel small.
It is too comfortable. You must get out of comfort zones. It might be a great company to work. But remember every big company in the past such as Microsoft was like that.
Google is far from being a startup and it slowly becomes more and more corporate. Selecting a team and evaluating its culture before joining becomes more important to make sure your expectations match your team's.
long hours but I think everything makes up for it
nice salary and internal work environment
Some people take advantage of it too much
Some Googlers are incredibly entitled and complain about mundane issues. It's less nimble than it used to be. Certain organizations (People Operations) are bureaucratic and very top-down in leadership style, which is antithetical to the way Google portrays itself.
Difficult Work but worth the challenge
Work was hard but fair. Sometimes the work felt like it never ended.
Will burn you out. Gives whatever you are willing to sacrifice.
little impact, small rolls, politics, people just waiting for retirement there
Since it is already a huge company. So probably some of the projects at google are not as challenging as before. If you want to solve challenging problem, then it's not the perfect place.
1. Limited impact. 2. Terrible traffic in south bay. 3. Unaffordable housing price.
I can't think of any yet, other than all the cons that go with working for a Big Corporate Machine.
can not think of any
Ambiguous environment, not easy to navigate for a lot of ppl
Lack of opportunity for senior talent (staff and above) to really make a dent in the organization. This, coupled with the very slow promo process (1.5 years / level) and Google's tendency to downlevel on hire can be very frustrating. To some extent, I felt like I had to simply wait for leadership to retire or play the political game to get much further in my career. Director-level and above can be super political in many PAs. Starting and launching new projects is very challenging at Google.
Big big big - lots of politics/ nothing moves. Leadership skills of leaders on average is low since tech acumen valued by leadership is not.
- Work with very talented/ambitious people who will not tolerate shoddy work - Promotion based on merit, not seniority. Your intern can become your Technical Lead in a few years if he/she is outstanding.
Unless you are level 5+ your opinion is meaningless For a company that does not require "work attire", people demand way too much PC Promotion is more about how people like you
A little scattered at times. This was part of the fun.
Communication between team members out side of the weekly team meeting had no consistency.Team is separated into focus areas specialized for each member and the overall team which can have constraints for those who are not self thought or self starters. Team may feel distant at times if it's divided by offices. Expect to hit the workload at light speed while making sure you are ALWAYS on top of everything so that it's transparent to your manager.
The company is getting so big that standards can be different from org to org causing confusion for employees
Lots of bureaucracy, which is normal and expected for such a large company
The workload was quite heavy and sometime I had to work late nights.
Politics - too much focus on titles and ranks sucking up to other people Growing pains - Google is growing rapidly and starting to move slower
Your experience varies so much based on your team and who your manager is. More training needed for people to actually manage and get the most out of people. Great perks don't make up for the other parts.
basically none, it was great
This depends on the person.
Workload can be daunting at times when you want to just sit back and relax. Not really that place unless you are super smart.
In general: a lot of people are slacking at the moment. They don't really care about what they're doing. Company lacks proper processes, accountability, and avoids conflict to the point that it languishes dangerously.  Company doesn't take Marketing as seriously as it could. At worst you're a service for Product and Engineering teams, a.k.a. you make cool videos for *their* products. Lots of ambiguity. Marketing Org not well organized. Everything last minute.
As the company grew bigger, politics started trickling in. There are a ton of freeloaders. 80% of work is done by 20%.
difficult to transition full-time for most
getting larger, more bureaucratic some orgs or teams can be political
Bureaucracy Duplication of efforts Lost efforts mostly based on it being a giant ship
poor training, some lack of direction and understanding
projects can easily be shut down
Dont want to leave some days
Nothing really major from my opinion.
No, everything works perfectly. Its very hard to say cons.
Working with too many talented and creative people can result in clashing of the minds
Totally nothing is bad about the GooG!
Can get a bit competitive at times (in a good way).
Advancement is a bit hit and miss. You can get stuck on a dead-end project (and there are surprisingly many of those at Google).
The size of the company shows. You have to work at group speed, mostly think and work the group way. Slow growth curve.
Way too much middle management and hierarchy, mostly incompetent lower level management (it's a quick way to get promoted when you're out of steam technically you start going to a bunch of meetings and become a TLM), little to no opportunity for advancement as individual contributor, super-competitive atmosphere, very little recognition is general, since your "very best" is "meh" there. Some people get promoted to very high positions for reasons unknown, others don't get promoted even though they very obviously deserve it (not talking about myself here). Lots of people are stuck doing crappy work they're way overqualified for, just waiting for a good opportunity to jump ship. Work life balance can be a challenge, especially if you want to get promoted beyond T5.
Lots of competition and hard to move up
I dont have any thing to say bad about the company
They will lie to recruit you, and promise training, ops roations, and learning opportunities that never happen.
too big to do something too much focus on technology
no major cons to mention
high tax, high expense to live
Company becoming big....lots of team to interact and work with. Work life balance compromised if not paid attention to.
there is really no downside to Google. As an employee, I have access to resources and great training and coaching. Please hire my friends as well.
senior leadership, career opportunities for senior levels, performance management
Can get hectic at times
It *is* a big company. Things don't turn on a dime, there is a lot of process. And it is *very* engineering directed.
Lots of inertia, due to size. Bureaucratic and political.
very little. getting a little bureaucratic, things are slower, people are getting ungrateful
There are lots of different internal systems which you can build things upon. But the learning curve is steep - take a long time to ramp up.
big organization and it's hard to get noticed
The program was very unstructured. A lot of us were confused what were could and couldn't do after "orientation." If you ask me, a lot of the events hosted by ambassadors representing the company were poorly run/planned which in turn made the company look bad (some ambassadors did a better job than others)
Over the years, Google has become more bureaucratic. Unfortunately, several groups are working in the same area and the usual turf battles happen. Also, it has become harder to change projects than before.
The large size of the company has produced bureaucracy and several layers of teams/departments/orgs that can slow down decision making and progress.
Starts to become a little bit too big and is more like a big corporation now..
Getting way to big. Levels are everything to everyone. Lower pay than other startups. Inequity of treatment between the sales side and the engineering side of the businesses.
Work-life balance can be difficult, not necessarily due to management asking you to work off-hours, but because sometimes it's hard to disconnect.
Large, corporate, and difficult to rise up after a certain point in your career
Fix computer and having better service
Google is still a big and established company. There will still be a corporate hierarchy that will take months or years to change compared to quick feedback within a startup.
Meal, policy. and so on
Not a single con working here.
The commute is tough from SF
Because there are so many smart people, the company can hire overqualified people for a given position, which can ultimately adversely impact job satisfaction
Too big, hard to make a real impact
getting very large in size
no feedback to give. super good workplace
cant say anything of that kind
cons are that there are absolutely no cons but google is life and without it we wouldnt be alive today so thank you google and everything you do. you are life.
- Bureaucracy, politics, legal issues, and privacy handling take up more and more time over the years and slow innovation and development. - Promotion is difficult, strong based on your luck in getting projects and your manager.
Everything is good, infrastructure is the best.
felt like a little cog in the machine
Sometimes people can get overly competitive. While it's good to have many young people in the company, some are arrogant and entitled. Depending on the group, some could have fratty culture.
san francisco is very expensive, although I was making a lot of money I ended up spending all of it. Hard to find right place to live
can be stressful at times
Sales / business side is becoming political, zero sum game and bureaucratic. You spend a ton of time playing internal politics, low engagement work and have a reorg every 12 months.
Free food but not great. Perks are not easy to understand.
1. There is not so much work to do. 2. food is not good 3. life is just too at ease, no challenge.
It is hard to advance up the mangement chain because people here are so smart. Might be better fit to work at a smaller company
Very crowded campuses, easy to feel lost in a sea of employees. Free food, but nowhere to sit down and eat it. Not always easy to spend time on "20 percent time" projects as advertised. Lots of internal bureaucracy, surveys, and distractions of optional employee-oriented programs. Self-promotion is encouraged, so prepare to toot your own horn and compete for recognition of your project if you want to get promoted
Could be more diverse but they are working hard on changing this. Their efforts are valued. It shows commitment to the cause and highlights the amazing core values of the company.
food is not good. tasty is not good too.
With the company being so large, sometimes it's difficult to get significant recognition of novel work.
-There is not a lot of opportunity in the Cambridge office to advance for non-engineering positions -It is not the easiest location to get to - lots of traffic - and the garage is undergoing major construction for the next 2 years -It has turned into a big company where decisions take forever to be made and there is a lot of red tape -They say they allow flexibility but everything is up to an individual manager's discretion so there is hardly anyone that is part time and almost every job requires travel
There are enough talented people that being talented won't guarantee you an inside track on good projects, because there are thousands of equally smart people ahead in the queue and equally underutilized, but there are just enough bozos that you have to prove that you're not one of them
Bureaucracy, challenges to promotion, competitive.
I guess I didn't drink the Kool-Aid. Google has been a major success story in building the web into what it is today. However, most of the management and employees have fallen in love with their own intelligence. This is very bad news for the future growth of the company. Additionally, Google is very risk adverse no matter that they have a "moonshot" factory. They don't stick to their goals when there are set backs.
Huge scale can be overwhelming As with all companies, there are office politics at least everyone is trying to be Googlely
I can not think of any
Mountain View-centric attitude leads to extreme commute times. This is the largest negative about working here, and I probably would have left by now if I wasn't able to work from home or the SF office most of the week. I'm sure if you live in boring suburbia it'd be fine, but I don't want to do that.
no cons as it is good company
Company is getting too big to maintain well-known culture standards
so large scale (hopefully more addressable with the new restructuring) that similar projects spawn at different offices that couldve been better generalized and collaborated on if there had been a better platform for discovering ongoing or pitched projects. Had a very positive experience with my first internship, but my second felt more overbearing and too broad to be polished on delivery by the end of my internship. If you are considering interning here, make sure you discuss your project's scope and depth before you decide to take on a team - most teams do a great job of this, but mine was fairly new and grew quickly which meant I ended up doing lots of proof of concept work and design reviews for code to replace obsolete peripheral code (for more context, the project goal was Android, but I spent a bulk of my internship doing design reviews and proof of concept deployment of a whole new backend and only 4 weeks on Android development).
Can be hard to feel like you're making an impact or get recognition in such a large company, especially a remote office. Most of the really interesting projects are in the Mountain View office. Kendall location is convenient to the T but not so great if you're looking to settle down outside of the city.
Bureaucracy at times like any other companies. Consensus driven culture. Senior management is sometimes managing up rather than down, which can be frustrating
Too much Work! I had to work almost 6 days a week everyday.
None that i can think of.
For most I think the small impact you can make, because there is so much talent there and roles can be narrowly defined.
Things change so quickly that it can be difficult to figure out the right way to get something done. Tools get deprecated so quickly that it's a constant race to make sure valuable tools continue to get updated and work. Growing fast so office space is really becoming an issue.
* Its a big company, a little bureaucracy is creeping in. * Lots of competition, getting promoted can be hard at times.
I don't really see any cons of working at google. I decided to leave because I wanted to be closer to my family
There are no cons with Google. This is the best company in the world.
Salary compensation was unsatisfying and inadequate for the high quality professional performances provided.
Getting bigger with more hierarchy.
you cannot make intelligent decisions
Too many people, too many visitors
...who spend a lot of time being code janitors.
Harder to transfer between roles
It spoils you. If you ever leave, it would be very hard to work somewhere else.
Too many great people. Too many debates on the scope of the product.
Constant change (depends on how you look at it, I see it as a positive) Becoming a "big" company
small fish in a big sea.
getting very large and a bit bureaucratic, certain parts of the company can be political, less opportunities for people at the director level and up. Certain parts of the business - like Android and Play - have little work / life balance. Little appreciation of marketing in certain businesses that are entrenched monopolies.
1. Promotion is hard. It depends on not only your performance, but also how your team's status, and some relatively random decision. 2. It's a very demanding job. You have really high peer pressure if you want to stand out.
Expected to work at maintain quick pace, even for sales. The pace makes it difficult to enjoy all of the pros listed above.
Bad middle management, political, slow moving
-Navigating career changes internally can be challenging. Just because you're at the company doesn't mean the process is necessarily easier for changing roles -Can feel like a competitive environment at times but this is due to the fact that it's filled with high performing, over-achievers vs. actual competition
As the company grows, it takes longer to make decisions and get things done.
Work and life balance, no time off, the future of the company is all based on moonshots. The core products are doing well, but could have the stool pulled from under them at any moment.
Overall great experience, haven't found any.
(1) Too many smart people, too much conflict. There is saying in Google, "Welcome to Google, where impossible stuff is easy, and easy stuff is impossible"  (2) The company is now huge so we are seeing less and less collaboration between products.
No cons that I can think of
Working hard can include long hours, weekends, accommodating global timezones and other difficulties. This is not a 9-5 company. Moving up can be incredibly slow.
Internal politics sometimes prevents you from growth
This company is going the big wigs way. The 20% time to work on own projects is over blown and you really dont get this much time.
Diversity of employee not close to home or lack of individual recognition.
They dont really give you that much spending money during the school year for your marketing events. Communication is very poor during the school year as well.
It's be come too big and too bureaucratic. Too many rules and red tape to go through to get anything done, even when trying to change roles or projects. HR is too diplomatic, not really interested in helping employees, they're more concern about preventing Google from being sued. Google's annual survey is there, but haven't seen anything come of it. Work life balance isn't balanced anymore. It's more work, less of a life, if you want to keep getting good performance reviews. Tough to draw the line when your colleagues and boss are sending emails at 11 o'clock at night.
The funs are distracting a little bit.
-Contract workers do not get PTO, sick leave, or any trips/perks as Google employees -Your "boss" isn't really your boss, you report to your contract company...makes it really confusing -Zero to no growth potential
Some of the people are rude and don't listen to you so just make sure to select the right teammates in your groups.
It is hard to get noticed. The imposter syndrome is strong. Promotions require extraordinary work. It really pastas to be self motivating, and self promoting. You need to get decent per reviews from your co workers
There is a lot of flux at the company (re-orgs on a regular basis), which makes it hard to keep your feet under you. Working at Google and excelling means either being really flexible and quick, or being inflexible and driving forward with your projects no matter the environment.
Expensive area to live in
Company has grown to be large
Some real politics are going on these days. You will find the global business organization (their sales division) is more risk averse and people can be back-stabbing in your own team to get political gain. The performance review process is very flawed. They don't tell you what goes into it and therefore you may or may not get promoted and don't know why. Play the politics game and that will help you win. Make up inflated things around thought-leadership even if there is no sales component tied to it and you'll see you may get promoted.
Incredibly competitive environment translates into always having to 'watch your back.' Based on my experience, I would say the Engineer culture is very different from the Sales/Business culture. The Sales/Business culture can be stodgy, dry, and incredibly 'corporate.' Training can be very difficult to find at times, which ultimately slows down ramp-up time.
Some of the challenges of working here are making sure that all the residents are taken care of and care for like they're supposed to be
Big company, outside of your immediate team/department there isn't a strong sense of local community. It's hard to see impact importance of your work if you're in a large organization.  Managers can be hit or miss. Decision-making / getting things done can be difficult in a large organization (bureaucracy or "too many cooks in the kitchen").
1. Not too high salary 2. Technical interview is very difficult 3. No leetcode problems 4. New problems never saw before
Long hours not so much fun projects occasionally disorganized structure at times long interview process
Working for such a large company means it takes longer to get anything done. As an iOS developer, Google does iOS development very differently from other companies. Traffic is a pain getting in and out of campus.
Job can be repetitive and boring. Nothing new to learn.
annoying people hipsterish always wants to talk
it was a lot of hard work, but thats expected
much brain wash, and more
Hiring can be a mess and take forever. There's a lot of either deprecated technology in the stack or tech that is not ready to use.
Still have politics. The company is large, so some things don't get done as quickly. Some overachievers are trying very hard to shine. If you are aggressive and try to climb the corporate ladder than the competition can be tough.
Limited career opportunities given size of company.
All the frustrations of working in a large, flat organization: especially if you're trying to get anything done cross-functionally, takes awhile to figure out how "the world works" and deal with navigating the organizational structure. Where I was in the organization, pace and rapid change of projects could be challenging at times.
last minute unplanned meetings can be a bit frustrating.
Becoming a large corporation with the usual challenges
none everything was exeptional i had a great time
Work-life balance could be better. Certain projects seem understaffed. Lots of bureaucracy, which can be frustrating to some people. Not too many cons overall
Company is becoming bigger so there is lot of competition for projects and promotions. Apart from that there is nothing else I can think of.
The shuttle schedules were sometimes hard to work around
Promotions are based on politics. For management & HR: Many TLMs pick favorites and reduce opportunities for others by restricting project allocations. Encourage 6-month transfers to help employees find better and cohesive teams where they will happily remain and let others move. It'll also let bad teams / TLs get smaller and atrophy which is good for Google overall.
not enough work, not worth it
nothing really except you don't get to choose which state you'd like to be placed in when you're entry level but a great company either way
Hard to go up as a contractor
The open office layout is noisy and distracting - it's possible to cope, but I really wish we had separate cubes or offices.  Being social is required to get ahead. Everyone has a high level of competence coming in, so you get ahead through collaboration, leadership, impact, and other things that are difficult to do if you're not a social person.
Frustrating management at times, hard to feel meanginful with so many people, tiring work sometimes.
Occasional long hours, high achieving culture with fast operations. On the sales/marketing side of the house, it's expected to be constantly connected to, and to have very fast TATs for asks, both client and internal.
No room to become full time none contract.. Pay is on the low end.
big company, need to learn skills to deal with it.
very competitive and high stress
As it gets larger, it gets slower, more dysfunctional, less efficient.
Long hours (55+) as an unpaid intern.
great workers and great food
It can be daunting to start since you have to get used to all the tools (there are a lot of tools, especially Google specific tools).
I can not think of anything
Management quality depends on your department/product
some times too much politics
Hires ex-consultants for operational leadership roles who continue to be consultants than operational leaders (with some exceptions). Not open to leveraging industry best practices and a lot of re-inventions happen for processes that can easily be leveraged from the market. This might be frustrating for folks with significant industry experience.
The pace is very fast, and it can be hard to achieve the right balance
no no cons, nothing negative
None the atmosphere is great wonderful work condition and great salery so working at Google is fantastic and very nice co workers
Depending on the department, bureaucracy can quite a problem. There were obvious ways to make things better, but the top leaders were either uninvolved and focused on other 'sexier' projects, or were never given the honest/critical information. Inefficiencies weren't fixed because teams and departments were built around how things worked (not optimally). This led to management pushing and trying to exceed targets in a non-optimal system, rather than trying to fix the system itself. Some employees were incentivized to get promotions by garnering attention, rather than improving and fixing real problems to improve the product and user's experience.
Long time for a hiring decision for MBA full-time and intern roles.
Do not have many opportunities to do something unique
Middle managment at sales psitions tends to be mediocre. No attrition mechanisms. The company is willing to loose top performers instead of trying to keep them at Google.
No direction, guidance or training. It was literally sink or swim. The content of what we were working on was not interesting or challenging and when tried to shift to other projects, we were told that we could only do this one thing. Usually a good manager will help their employees find a project where they can build their strengths. I think they didn't really care if we left, but thought, "hey we can always hire more, we are Google" - they treated employees as disposable. There was no flexibility for the team we were on, we were micromanaged and they didn't treat us like adults. Our manager was not interested in building our individual careers or supporting us, but just running the business at a strategic level and would constantly cancel meetings for personal reasons.  Some people were obsessed about working at Google, almost like it was a sorority or fraternity and it was a little cultish. Even one of my friends said when I worked there, all I did was talk about working there.
It's still a business, there are still offices... you'll never escape some aspects of a typical job
Easy to coast, part of a large organism, can become institutionalized
slow moving bureaucracy does not always react to change
core values don't always trickle down due to pockets of bad middle management.
The company is becoming slower.
Bad career path. Most people stop at T5. To reach T6, you have to fight for leadership and ownership. Communication overhead due to the sheer size of the company. Personal growth. While you are exposed to interesting and technical deep projects, you are likely to get lost on how the entire infrastructure works. Bad if you want to build skills for running or joining startups.
Google is a blatantly liberal company.
I cannot think of any.
Too many middle managers with lack of focus, start projects and then quickly abandon them, open discrimination of women, disabled and minorities.
Management is hit and miss, there are lots of organizational restructures in the sales/marketing teams and it can feel chaotic, many of the pain points you'd expect working for a big corporation
the management was pretty bad, they didn't really listen to engineers and in particular treated engineering as if they were children
Sales team is big and bureaucratic, not startup-like at all. Hard to get out of sales onto other teams. Very few opportunities in Boston due to it being a remote office.
I never had problems there, salary was good not exceptional
There are no other better companies in the world
intern work may not be valuable to the company. fortunately mine was production
It's a huge company. That means you won't always feel special like I have working at smaller startups. That also means that it's hard to generalize about the company. Life can be very different for you depending on your team and role.
no longer a flat structure, sometimes too hierarchical, HR too involved
Did not allow sleeping on the job
Work culture, salary, benefits, trainings and poor communication.
sometimes over time working. Normal salary
It is easy to get lost and overwhelmed if you do not have a clear role and desire to continuously grow. If you get complacent or if you do not pay attention to surrounding teams, you probably will not be there long.
Big Getting Slower Policy Parking
The "brilliant people creating innovative things" represents the engineering culture more than anything. In People ops, theres Google is full of corporate politics, as well as a changing culture. Google recruiting is now full of people who push buttons. People that have been then longer than 5 years still struggle to get a promotion or move into a new role. They shuffle the same leaders to different roles, making no room for growth. Moved recruiting like 5 miles away from main campus.
Google's hiring process is a bear, which made it very difficult as a recruiter. Making meaningful and non-trivial suggestions often fell on deaf ears.
It was hard to balance my duties at work with time away from work in my personal life. I was constantly on and needed to put out fires
Google has grown big and its hard to find your place.
Lots of change constantly occuring
Not a single thing I can think of
It may be some boring in Google recent years.
nothing bad to say about the company
hard to compete. Working env is turning like as it other big companies
More and more problems when growing into a big company.
late to the party
It's a big company, so you have to work harder to find opportunities to build new things. The nice thing is, the new things you build are built on top of the work of tons of brilliant people, so whatever you end up making will be very specialized and probably pretty awesome.
Google is continuing to grow and as we do, it is increasingly bureaucratic... the quality of senior leaders is now uneven, and there is a level of uncertainty about the company's direction from senior executives.
Too much delicious food, not enough time to eat it all. :)
It 's becoming larger, and with it comes growing pains
Its gotten too big. Politics and bureacracy have become significant problems.
Constant restructuring, always had to "prove" self to new management, difficult review cycle (which improved slightly shortly after I left)
There was always lots of work to be done and had to work long hours. Must be very committed to the job.
So many talented people around you that it is very hard to single out.
Horrible place to work and management is completely removed from employees. I would not recommend working here.
If you want to be part of a small company where you can know everyone individually, Google is not the place for you.
Long commute and turning into a very large organizaiton
It's a large company, and like any big company, there can be bureaucracy. Commuting to Mountain View can be a bit of a drag.
Competitive, because everyone you work with is also very talented.
complicated organization with frequent reorganizations
You're a small fish in a big pond. Easy for some people to coast and get lost in the crowd. The work you are doing likely has very little impact on the overall company.
WLB in a lot of marketing teams is a myth
large company, commute, spoiled me
Poor work-life balance at work
The sheer size of the company can be a bit aggravating sometimes. Along with the entitlement. Work-life was not particularly good at times.
Nothing is bad about google
Increasingly red tape gets in the way, and difficult to advance or change roles.
If you want a fast-paced job, you need to work to find a team that works like that
Keeps getting bigger, and adopting thing that big companies use - like stricter budgets
Duplicative efforts / often reinventing the wheel.
Too far from the city, nothing to do in MTV. Hard to do extra projects as a contractor.
Very little structure with a lot of moving parts.
Incredibly diverse company hires and acquires way too many mediocre people, bad managers prevail.
it has a lot of people working on a lot of projects so it's hard to make a decision
Employees are almost exclusively from top tier universities and privileged backgrounds. Relative lack of intellectual and cultural diversity.
Can get lost in the organization if you're not careful, some products seem to lack focus.
Too much work to do in a time
dangerous, zero growth, time away from home, no benefits
I think they need more programmers to make every part of Google useful
The commute to Mountain View from San Francisco is horrific. Even if you work with people on the campus you may never see them due to sprawl and traffic.
It does get boring sometimes doing the same thing over and over again and it takes a long time to get things done.
Workaholics, intense competition, constant game of thrones! Contractors are sort of a sub-class, make less money, have limited access to meetings, projects and facilities (for the same position).
Since it is such a big company you can also get lost very easily. There are lots of custom proprietary tools that some people at Google only know how to use. And obviously that knowledge would be useless outside of Google. Understanding the interluding concepts is on the other hand useful.
Not easy to rise up.
There are many overqualified and hardworking people here. Just hard work alone will not get you anywhere. You need to source for good projects, work hard and smart in order to have decent career advancement.
I don't really have cons.
The hands on model requires lots of work and is challenging to scale. Keeping all the students engaged and growing is a big responsiblity and requires constant vigilance.
hard for a returning full time offer
Over qualified people could lead to lack of motivation at times
None that I can think of.
Non-traditional sales roles that only use the complex AdWords platform
You can end up feeling like an extremely minuscule part of the company, because the company is so large. I was definitely lucky and got a team that was top-notch and extremely welcoming to interns, but others might not be so fortunate. While my team dynamic was great, some other interns had less ideal experiences. Being at this internship can definitely spoil you for other places.
Hard to get things done sometimes
the pros are that it's not microsoft
hard to show yourself among others to develop your career path
I saw a lot of hierarchical nonsense/ the promotion process seems to be very draining Horrible communication between the intern team and the interns (there are just too many interns to be perfectly honest)
One is expected to deliver the best
A lot of the cons below are projections of my experience at Google. Do a TON of research on the role you'll be applying for. Find people on LinkedIn. Scour reddit. Learn as much as you possibly can about what you'll be doing to try and prepare for what's to come.  * Your experience at Google will largely depend on your team and/or manager. If you join a bad team and/or a bad manager, you'll be in for a rough 12 months (the minimum amount of time that's usually required to transfer out.)  * ANYTHING you do or create outside of work is owned by Google, regardless of whether you used their resources or not to do it. This could be a HUGE issue for you if you contribute heavily to open-source and/or like to build side projects. Google's People Ops **do** look out for people doing this too.  * The compensation is okay depending on where you're coming from, but salary is practically non-negotiable (stock units are more flexible, though) and might not even be competitive depending on your area. Lots of funded startups and finance shops pay significantly better for the same level of experience. Additionally, compensation doesn't scale relative to growth. One could double their salary or more within the same amount of time it takes to get from mid-range to senior at Google.  * Almost everything that an engineer at Google uses on a daily basis is home-grown and maintained by other Googlers. Much of this tooling is incredibly complicated and takes months to warm up to. This could be a MAJOR brain drain to consider depending on your career path and/or whether you're thinking of staying at Google long-term. (That said, some of the tools were pretty good, though I usually preferred third-party alternatives for many of the others I worked with.)  * Most of the sexy projects that makes Google Google are in Mountain View, and if you really want to take your career at Google seriously, you'll eventually have to move out there. Living costs in the Bay are insane and show no signs of restoring sanity any time soon.  * Despite having all of the infrastructure to support it, remotely working is generally discouraged by most teams. That said, many, MANY meetings are done completely or partially with Hangouts and Google's solution for accessing internal resources from public endpoints is probably the best there is.  * Their interview process is generally terrible. Engineers at Google generally don't like to interview and/or provide feedback, so the interview experience for potential candidates varies wildly across the board. The process also takes a really long time. It took me about four months to get to the offer stage, apparently, that's normal there. (To put this into perspective, I've worked at places that took a week from cold start to signed offer, they can't possibly not be losing talent from these insane delays.)  * I don't remember seeing more people glued to their phone or laptop in a single workplace before coming here. It seems like almost everyone travels while glued to their phone here. It's maddening.  * Most interviews are focused almost entirely on technical merit. This makes it (much) more likely for engineers with strong technical skills but (very) weak social skills to make it through the cracks. If you're more outgoing and "extroverted," this might bother you. (It bothered me to no end.)  * There's lots of exciting work being done at Google, but more exciting work usually means even more operational work. A lot of extremely capable people get slotted into doing that sort of work. Do as much research as you can on your role to give you an idea of what you're getting into.  * Technical merit is placed above all else as an engineer. Because this is a significant determinant in promotion decisions, a lot of people spend a lot of time doing "complex and impactful" work at the expense of things like documentation or maintainability. As you might imagine, this leads to a lot of reinvented wheels and deprecation. (It doesn't help that every project seemingly *has* to have a name to it that might or might not have anything to do with the project that describes it.)  * Work-life balance HIGHLY depends on your team. In my experience, people at Google that spent a lot of time working after-hours did so on their own volition (for better or worse). Management never pressured me to work more than I wanted to, in fact, they've had to tell people to ease up!
Flat organization - leads to very autonomous environment. Products not geared toward large Gov enterprise.
Can be bureaucratic at times due to the large size.
Senior leadership basically full with old timers. One-size fits all process and lack of transparency for benefits, promotions, and salary can be frustrating. Cultures vary widely from team to team in terms of diversity/bias, expected work hours, or positive energy.
- everyone is so smart, it's hard to stand out - expect high-level of efficiency/productivity - harder for low-level engineers to have high individual impact (you get impact by working on projects that have LOTS of users)
After recent restructuring it will be difficult for people in the Alphabet companies to move about between projects, which will limit future opportunities. The interview process makes it difficult for good people to come in, outside of being acquired.
upper management doesn't take middle management seriously.
Public transportation is not very convenient
Pay sucks and management is not very good with people.
Extensive hiring process and long hours of work
It's far from where I live and the business is Huge so you cant get to meet everyone
Commuting to Mt View on the bus
Can be very stressful at first and work/life balance can be difficult (depending on the team).
Stress of the job can be high, especially if there is management turnover and frequent changes in priorities. Feeling like I have to compete with team mates.
Horrible systems Long work hours Demanding culture
Busy busy busy very busy
potential long hours depending on your time management, also requires lots of friendliness and networking which is great unless you're an introvert
No Opportunity to grow. Very data centric. Collaboration needs to be focused on.
Limited upward mobility in remote offices.
Lots of competition for positions and slow up-ward mobility
Many teams with uninteresting projects. Impact is limited.
Google is obviously a large company so sometimes it's difficult to feel your individual work is making a difference in the larger scope.
Nothing Not sure what else I can say To really express the fact that there are no Cons in working at Google
Felt I was always competing. More of a corporate atmosphere than I expected Always passing on work to higher ups, never really get to see the big picture.
Gained 20lbs. Everyone is smart so not so easy to stand out. Headcount has not slowed for 5 years. Over crowded.
The company would like you to drink the Kool-Aid. I did in the beginning, and became disappointed by a lot of things. Now I look at Google as a big company that is doing it's best, and I do my best. I'm much happier now.
- poor middle management in sales - people are doing things for the sake of doing something that sets them apart from others
Long learning progress of infrastructure
Nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing
there were no cons ! great job!
The organization is very flat with lots of Type A personalities meaning that its pretty cut throat to move up.
Google is now a bloated, political organization. Unless you are a software engineer you will learn more elsewhere, and have greater upside at a Facebook or a start-up. HQs are in MTV, outside of there your career stagnates.
So many politics, promotions based on popularity not aptitude.
Google is very, very big. Because the size of the company is so vast it can sometimes be very difficult to get things done.
Internal code base is huge, it takes long time to get familiar with it. Promotion system is a bit flaky and is not refocused on impact rather than quality
There are not that many women working at Google or in leadership positions there. This negatively affects the team dynamics, for both men and women. Women reading this - apply! Aim high! You can do it!
Takes a while to get things done because of the size of the company you need to make sure noone else is working on what you're working on, and even if they are you can still do it anyway if you think you're better at politics.
Lack of people development Short term focus (OKRs) Questionable leadership
None. Google was an amazing place to work!
- Work-life balance can vary significantly depending on what team you work on. Processes can be overly bureaucratic at times. The promotions process can be pretty opaque.
You are not always part of those projects and initiatives. Becoming more corporate: less about what you can actually do and skills and more about politics and who you know.
It is become bigger and layered. Most of the time you don't know which part you are working on within the huge system.
politics, process now means that the company moves more slowly that before
no option to work from remote office
- Getting big - Competitors might be nimbler. - Talented colleagues also make it harder to get promoted
Not many experienced hardware engineers from the industry
No need to change a thing, and stay the same.
1) Inexperienced and bloated middle management. 2) The white badge vs red badge situation creates conflict within departments. In this employment model, an employee sits next to a contractor, both do the exact same work but the employee gets paid 2x as much and has a full benefits packages.
Some internal group (eg. corp-eng) has management that's not on par with the rest of the company.
I think there are no cons here, unless I lied. And I don't wanna do that
You usually work on technically fairly small things because it's a giant company with a lot of resources.
I don't really have any cons! Maybe the only con was that the food is too good and too plentiful so I gained about 7 lbs during my internship :(
very exhausted, less benefits ... etc
the politics, the pressure, the stress, the backstabbing, cutthroat colleagues, the lack of transparency, constant reorgs, lack of job security, the disposability of employees, lies from management. Human Resources team is a ship of fools.
- Commute: 1.5 hours is alleviated by riding on the shuttle, but it is still 1.5 hrs. - Overcrowding: Open-office is somewhat distracting
I enjoyed my work but didn't feel like what I was doing was terribly important. I was also working on one of Google's smaller campuses, and there was no intern community there.
A lot of tedious work and some off the people are not so great
I struggled with finding ways to progress my career and change verticals.
Sometimes too big and complicated to navigate, very inwardly focused
Like any organization, there are internal politics that need to be navigated. Some play this well, some don't. Making sure you align yourself on the right person's good side can be tricky.
Opportunity for vertical movement is scarce. Hiring practices have led to hiring candidates based on who has the best resume, rather than who is the best person for the job. Culture of ladder climbing slows down productivity and leads to a lot of people being stepped on.
Terrible place to commute to if you want to live in San Francisco Easy to feel like a small cog in a big machine Limited upward mobility at this point
Nothing was really wrong. It was great.
Google is now a large company so there's a fair amount of bureaucracy and processes in place which can slow things down. Promotions are harder to come by but this is natural for any company of this size. Google is heavily email-centric and so you better be ready for 200+ emails a day and sometimes an implicit expectation to be on email during off-hours.
Need better communication between engineering and other departments/teams
I would say that the only thing I can say would be a Con working for Google would be if you didn't work for them anymore.
Mountain View centric. If you are remote, then your opinion is much less important. Some of the departments are very hierarchical.
pressure from managers, strict deadlines, no life for social
hours varied, upper management can be tricky
Pretty competitive, lack of opportunities for full-time as a contractor
Work could be stressful in some groups. I sometimes heard coworkers in some other groups talking about working overtime to get assignment done.
Not really any cons about working here
Nothing really. You need to compete very hard as everyone seems to be brilliant!!
the privacy agreements. engineering sector is dominated by asians who tend to ignore people outside their race.
Competition is fierce among peers. Middle-management is hit-or-miss. The pace is grueling and relentless.
Has gained a bit of bureaucracy around actually shipping software, but not too bad, and most of it is intended to prevent wild, west coding.
Big company with big company red tape, many regulations about when/how you can get a promotion or move around, experience if very dependent on your manager
Your experience may vary depending on team, manager etc. If you are passive about your career growth, it may not match the trajectory you hope for While better at it than most, its simply a very large company with the accompanying bureacracies
None that I can think off. Well, maybe a long commute from the city.
too much work, lot of pressure
Salary is fair. Work is not challenging enough. Experiences vary in different teams. Some teams are good while some teams are not. My manager isn't nice to me. He didn't trust me and didn't give me fair reviews. He didn't give me enough help either in my work or in my career development. I won't recommend my team to any of my friend.
It is highly competitive, with many very smart engineers.
too many people, imposter-syndrome inducing, no symmetry is prohect complexity among interns on different teams, it's Google!
HUGE bureaucracy, with a company this big there is specialized roles and process for everything. Definitely not an "intimate" community and can take forever to get approvals for what seems the smallest thing.
Management can sometimes get in the way of you doing things.
Too large company, and you have to learn quickly
Peer review makes you think why others are smiling at you all the time.
There are a lot of people working at Google, so the quality of your colleagues really varies.
Some of the work can be rather mundane, it is an advertising company at the core
No cons come to mind
some projects are more advanced than i'd like. however, i still love the expereience at google
Constant travel, devices shut down sometimes
Given the size, it's challenging to move up in role and sometimes hard to feel your direct impact on the business.
very good company to join
Turned into a big company
Hard to move inside the org, very political and given its huge size it is much harder to grow in this company than elsewhere. Salaries might be amazing or terrible, and it all depends on the country, its taxes and your level in the company unfortunately, not the job.
work life balance is not good
Everyone is so busy that it is hard to connect or make friends at work
The work is tough and you're surrounded by people that are smarter than you, it can be overwhelming but it really brings out the best in you
You do not get your own office. When you work it is mostly an open floor plan.
More diversity would be nice
Big company. Political. A lot of red tape
There are no major complaints.
tedious work, do the dame work everyday. Do not feel important in this company, the company runs the same way, with or without me.
As a contractor, there is a pretty clear hierarchical thing working there. Some conferences and info are limited, and no freedom to do what you want.
Little autonomy to get stuff done, difficult to get promotion, Henry Ford model of repetition being deployed all over
I haven't yet seen any so far, especially in my roles.
All the workplace benefits are needed when you spend 10+ hours a day at the office frequently
The work can be somewhat monotonous and transactional depending on your specialization
Long travel, long hours, everything you would expect
Too crowded in the MTV headquarters
has become very political/career growth is much slower/comp is not great
Contractors do feel not as welcomed
intern program could be better organzied for the SMB teams
lack of leadership direction, Lazslo's book is great reading but not all the concepts are really fully practiced at Google
There are limited teams in the NY office
The place smell like mold, the pay isn't enough, they tell you that your full-time and only put you on the schedule 1 or 2 days a week. The management sucks and their very unorganized.
-it's already big so it's difficult to contribute a large amount as a lower level person -vacation days took a step back for the first few years - afterwards it's better.
overall Google's focus is on defending their cash cow, their other activities almost seem like they're just trying to keep talent off the market and away from competitors. that means if you're an engineer, you'll have a great time. but if you're a product-oriented person, caring about market success, customer satisfaction, etc, you'll get frustrated after a few years. top management is very split in it's priorities, there are generally a lot of chefs involved in any decision making, and the decisions tend to be reversed or altered fairly quickly. a surprisingly large percentage of the senior talent do not view Google as a long-term career path, which leads them to focus on a couple of promotion phases and then they're off somewhere else.
sometimes people come to google and think they're better than everyone else and that's not the spirit of google. sometimes people get self entitled and it stinks
Slow growth in terms of promotions.
Could become a little bit political around promotion as most big companies. Job mobility can be attained around Mountainview but would be harder in other regions.
The sales org is huge. You can easily project your career growth, or lack there of. Very easy to look at your role today and map out the 24-36 month promotion cycle, with minimal fluctuation. Every year or so, some new person in upper management comes in wanting to make a name for themselves and re-orgs, which is a fancy way to say they just shuffle the deck, everyone is confused for a month or so, then people just go back to doing their jobs.
Large company, inherent bureaucracy, takes a lot of effort for changes to happen quickly.
Conducting a lot of events on campus
Managers Should give more feedback to temps.
Changing the way things are done takes hard work and lots of time. Burnout is common but not a sign of weakness.
Career evolution can be non-existant, so much depends on how good your manager is.
Was not working on a project I particularly liked, and I saw that it can be difficult to move around in the company
For this job I don't think there are any cons.
Upper management tends to micromanage and they keep adding responsibilities to job expectations. Proper training is generally not provided.
Your happiness depend a lot on your team dynamic and manager some managers can be very pushy or bring bad work culture from their previous employment.
Working in Mountain View. Living nearby is undesirable, but living someplace desirable means a 90+ minute commute.
There wasnt really any cons that I can talk about It was overall a great experience and im glad I got to be apart of it.
Not enough pay, but I could get better at marketing.
I have no cons to add
Don't expect lots of hand-holding from management and team leader.
Its a big company so its sometimes slow and sometimes very fast paced which can be time consuming
working hard, too much work sometimes
There are not any cons
Preventative-only health insurance for contractors, which is effectively no insurance at all. I had to buy my own.
Company is getting big and lost some of the original culture.
sudden budget-cut outcomes that you face without any prior notification
Large corporation, so it has typical big company problems- hard to have career growth, promotions are difficult to get, decent amount of bureaucracy, you are one among many people, etc.
over rated, boring, hierarchical, political
Relationship driven environment which some times hurt people who are result oriented and doesn't like to gossiping around. I have seen when top performer let go.
They've grown.  As a SysAdmin your relevance to companies outside of Google will decrease with time as you begin to work within proprietary systems.  All of the things that Google never wanted to be... they have become: A corporate giant that has lost its way of managing the employees, also see "Corporate Politics 101."
Awful bureaucracy, poor management support.
The company goes through very frequent changes. Some positions in the company are impacted more negatively by these changes. But that isn't a shortcoming of the company as a whole, but rather just a few select senior management. Luckily, we have an avenue with which we can voice our discontent with the senior management. And last round, the discontent was shown to be abundantly clear.
There really aren't too many downsides. Maybe one would be that everyone else there is also smart and it is hard to really stand out as being great.
Not much to do here
Poor chances for promotion, Lilmited propsect to work on interesting projects. The downside is that you might risk getting yourself pegged as a generalist or a Jack-of-all-trades.
High cost of living (Mountain View, CA) Mundane work, not everyone is working on an exciting project
There are not many Cons in this business so thanks everyone
Commute is tough, if you don't like shuttles.
promotion is much slower and harder than other places.
I can't think of any con of Google. If you have the chance, please come to Google.
The office space is outdated. Could use new radio equipment.
Big company (it can be hard to feel you are making a difference for the company).
Work life balance can be an issue.
It takes time to get promoted and there are always tons of emails to check!
It's big... really big Sometimes too decentralized
I can not think of any. you can do anything you wish as long as you get your job done. nobody looking over you making you nervous
Nothing bad, free food and nice working culture
- rat race - "nerd culture" - arrogance
bureaucratic, you constantly have to go above & beyond what is expected of you on your ladder or else you can't get promoted.
Sometimes loaded with work and extra hours will be required. You must not get behind or you will definitely have to put in extra hours.
The hours were super long and stressful. The work was super duper hard and sometimes i couldn't handle it. I would be prepared to bust your butt if u work for google because it's a big company.
Google definitely has a big company feel and at first can be extremely overwhelming.
Long hours of work, often find myself bringing home work, to finish it. Its fine, if you love to coding, and bring it home and do it often there too.
Hectic Schedule for the bay area
The management takes credit for a lot of the work the lower level employees do. A lot of unreasonable deadlines.
There are no cons as of today. So many things to be grateful for!!
Intern community not as strong in remote offices. Can get stuck working on boring projects Time to get ramped up on systems unique to Google is large. Real work is not expected for full time employees for a few months.
Moving up the ladder can be much slower than it should be, tendency to value long term goals leads to a fair amount of technical debt that isn't rewarded when payed off
You work this is not a 9-5 job with weekends off. I read the reviews of everyone on here and they cry about having to work on weekends cause Google hints about it but does not enforce it or you have to get in good with your direct supervisor, divorces, quality of life, people crying,cockiness in the work place promotes competitiveness which in turn brings results......toughen up people did you think you were going to be making a six figure salary and not work for it? Yes you work but it balances out perks and a company that is going to be around in the years to come. Like the saying goes if you can do better go else where. Everyone has gotten way to spoiled and soft. People need to look around and see what other jobs people are working and look at yours then be grateful there's a hell of a lot worse.
The commute from San Francisco sucks, but the alternative is to live in the south bay which also sucks, and either way rents are terrible.
Lots of type A people. At times you can run into cliques and things can become political. That's probably true of all large organizations.
None really. Great place to work. Great people, great benefits, pleasant upbeat atmosphere, and I highly recommend any one apply here
nothing about cons so far.
- I have never seen a normal and smart Manager : their all have their limits or issues - sometimes you will work your really hard and nobody will care and you will have no return on your professional investment - promotion process is a real joke (the peer review process is NOT the one that matters actually) - somewhat lower quality people (compared to before) : the new recruits are in general less smart - food is definitively going down big time (but this is still free so you cannot complain too much, right?) - perks going down (there were better before)
After a point, figuring out how to advance is difficult at best.
1. Company is too huge hence it can be difficult to get a chance to work on large projects.
too big. lots of politics. all the decisions get made in california and not in satellite offices
Stressful, intense, and frustrating at times
Preferencias de sitios para citas en interner
The demands get ever stronger by the day. With all of the onsite perks, one is expected to stay longer hours. Work-life balance is an afterthought. And since the company is so large, it's difficult to foster synergy within the same department, let alone between different departments.
Slow in decision making. Sometimes too slow to react to market trends.
Not apple. I deserve 220k and who the hell thinks that this company is the best? It isn't! Have fun with your 500 dollar bonus. i'm going to investment banking!
No office privacy. Gossip. Poor work-life balance, unless you remain on campus. Work from home discouraged. Performance management too frequent and subjective.
honestly, nothing everything was amazing!
Managers, teams, projects are often reorganized, and you can switch from a great situation to a very bad one overnight.
Team could be a little more organized
If a person is hired on at a junior level, HR expects that person to earn promotions until they attain a senior level. Google management winnows out those who don't earn a senior level within a certain amount of time. That said, Google management does not require anyone starting out at a senior level to earn promotions.
So large its hard to get recognition for hard work sometimes
- lack of structure may be an issue in certain orgs/teams
Not being treated as an equal employee when contractors contribute same if not more than regular full time employees. Very discouraging.
hope I can have longer time internship in Google
not too many downsides upward mobility is hard though
It's hard to get promotion. It's a big company. If you want to be seen, you should try really hard.
Very demanding but you should expect that from any major company that is changing the world.
............So yeah no cons at all really
1. The food quality is decreasing 2. Some talented people are seeking their career in startups 3. Cannot make as big impact as in startups
Small part of a large company
Few bad managers to deal with
Coworkers talk too much about how much they like Google.
Things are getting bloated in middle management, which makes it harder to make an impact as a newcomer. Promotions also take longer than before.
There is almost no room to move around and the contract I am under does not have a good conversion rate.
Just too big for me now. I'm sure it's right for some people, but for me it's just a major company now and not the type of thing I'm looking for.
Reorgs -- Can get rearranged and moved around.
Google is the ogrelord of companies
similar to all big corporations, google is a good place for you if you are comfortable to do your day to day job and get paid. if you still have a dream to make a mark of your own, this is not the place for you.
The company is too big therefore some things are slow
We are allowed to use google products only here.
Expensive place to live. Salary is good but trying to buy a house out here is brutal.
The commute, and the sheer size
None really, but i guess they could work on the hours.
too many lines of code.
Large company with lots of bureaucracy, rigid rules when it comes to promotions/pay increases
Time blurs between work and life must be a go getter, not a quitter
- slow development cycle as incredibly inter dependent on a lot of teams and people. - projects can succumb to normal pitfalls of a big company.
Yes, Google is amazing but not all roles at Google are amazing. The work is largely reactive for many roles and sometimes you feel like you are fighting for table scraps when it comes to new and exciting work simply because you're surrounded by tons of high-performing, over-achieving (but wonderful) individuals.
You can burn out if you're an overachiever, getting "fruitier" every week
Better work life balance needed
For interns converting to full time, it's annoying that you have to sign an offer before getting matched with a team
You actually were 1/50000 employees and GSX employees receive none of the "google campus" benefits.
There are no major cons to speak of
- So big that its tough to feel like you make a material contribution
Google is probably the best large company to work for, but it's still a large company. But, every year the leadership is a little more removed from the reality of low- and mid-level engineers and it shows in tone and decision-making.
It's a large company, so you can expect to work on a relatively narrow problem. While office politics isn't bad, it does occasionally frustrate, with projects getting moved around without consultation of rank-and-file employees.
Big company issues (bureaucracy, etc.) Lack of growth / promo opps Some lack of vision / execution at the top Travel to office
Team is so big that you cannot feel your own contributions.
- Various levels of talent in the broader organization. Although some of the employees are inspirational, e.g., Senior Engineering Directors and Strategy leads who are seasoned, brilliant leaders from McKinsey, Goldman, etc - the majority of the workforce is comprised of apathetic, lazy technical and sales staff who just need the paycheck to cover their jumbo Bay Area mortgage - Career development and skillset training is a bit limited compared to other fast-paced work environments
Despite what's official, the work expected of you and thus the hours that go into the job are ridiculous and not one that you can expect any sane company to expect.
I do not like the lunch room lol but it is cool
I can't think on any downsides as I really enjoyed my time there.
The motivations and aspirations of upper management are opaque.
not very inspiring big company feel lots of hierarchy
Some bureaucracy for decision making
I can't really think of much. It is true that the coolest jobs are in CA, so if you're in another office the opportunities can be limiting.
speed can be improved. This SV, we need move faster
Not much I can say about cons. I do sometimes with a bit more visibility from upper management was present. But all in all its a great place to work with bright and motivated individuals.
Having time to take of myself physically, and taking the the time to eat properly.
A tight work schedule with many all nighter
It is in Buenos Aires. This job is available all over the world and the pay in other places is way better.
Salary structure is below market level
Calls customers and sales and software
Nothing to complain about.
Haven't found any so far!
Most people are overqualified for the job they're doing, company re-structures all the time which leaves you feeling like nothing but a number. Promotions are not merit based, it's a waiting game. A lot of poor middle management, many slotted into management positions after re-structures. Chicago office opportunity is limited, not much outside of sales. You have to be a devout self-promotor to have your work noticed.
Massive company with an increasing amount of bureaucracy. Really difficult do accomplish anything unless you're good at navigating a big company.
Google has no cons at all
Some jobs don't last very long. You might make good money at one job and the next one not so good. Depends on the job and the company you work at.
They don't let us play in Treehouses that often :/
nothing in the world everything is great
It's gotten pretty large, which holds its own frustrations at times
For all the makes Google great it has become a huge company in the last couple of years and this definitely shows culture wise.
You enter into the company not knowing which team you will be working with, and then have to interview with TLs. Some people may like it, but it's an extra level of bureaucracy I didn't enjoy.
- like any super large company, tier 1 work can get stale and boring - no clear ladder / path is the sales marketing team
Public image seems to be problematic
Work is very very hectic
Lots of politics, sometimes people get promoted who don't deserve it.
i would never work their again it was awful
You can only be a small part of a big machine
Work/Life balance is challenging, but is heavily encouraged.
None I can think of
Keep you as a temp for a long period of time not as organized as you would expect from a high tech company
With time it becomes more like a large company with inertia and all the stuff that is associated with it.
Nothing, google is clearly the undisputed goat
Can feel too big at times making it difficult to get things done quickly
work hard and nothing personal.
There are no cons about working at google.
Some times when you work at a big company things are hard, man (or woman I don't judge bro).
none really. This is google!
The amount of Work Load
At some point in your tenure with Google, it will become clear that you live in an organization that is engineered to keep you numb, well-fed, and scared of the outside world. (This maybe should be listed under "Pros", since you'll gain a sense of empathy for hobbits, cows and children in cults). You will cope with onsite yoga or by spending your bonus on new Teslas. The feeling will endure.  The problem with Google is that it thinks it's Pixar (fresh, zany, innovative) when it's actually Disney (bloated, iterative, a little creepy).  Do you have a really fat mortgage to pay off from that Mission fixer-upper? No? Then find a job somewhere where you'll actually use your brain and have an impact.
Too "Googley" sometimes. Some employees get a sense of entitlement from this. A lot of product designs are driven by engineers, which results in nerdy but useless products.
It was contract and I couldn't stay longer!
no support or feedback. let go without notice
Work hours too long, they want you to live at work.
Being Full-time you get many more benefits and a lot more 'respect' for your ideas.
company is too big not sure about the collaboration between different group
Supply and demand applies. Everyone's very talented, so the ability to achieve is worthless, those who excel are those who monopolize and hoard scarcer resources. (approvals, visibility) Office politics is 90% of the job.
- HUGE company, lots of energy needed to get things done - If you aren't an engineer, get ready to feel like a second class citizen
It's a big company and to have a big impact you need to apply some effort. Promotion process is - you basically PR and promote yourself (again, some effort). Nobody will promote you and you need to work on it yourself - collecting success stories and writing an essay why you should be promoted. Crowded office. A lot of people are being hired for MTV, CA office. High compensation is offset by huge rent or real estate prices. Or choose long commute. Healthcare benefits are getting worse and worse (because company is unwilling to pay for "Cadillac" tax)
None at for this time period
Working at Google as a contractor is like working in a assembly line, NO appreciation at all. Even though contractors add to the more the same or more than regular employees. Very disappointing, I wouldn't recommend anyone to work as a contractor here.
THE MANAGEMENT DOES NOT REVIEW THE STAFF PERFORMANCE IN IMPERTIAL METHOD
Not many career options outside of software engineering.
no cons, everything is just awesome
Most managers are really terrible. You have to work to find the right team.
grown real strong recent, some politics in some areas, incredible competition, sometime shard to motivate people, not always easy to see all the different projects which are going on
Company has gotten immense. That comes with large organization struggles at times.
Now at 60,000 full-time employees, its not as nimble as it was when it was smaller, however there still are a lot of opportunities to work on small projects, like in Google for Work or Google Life Sciences.
Upper management should have the knowledge of all the workers tasks and be able to assist and appreciate work being accomplished.
Google is a very demanding employer, expecting more than just the bare minimum from their employees. You may want to be on call on the weekend or work late nights when a new project is launched.
Need to find the right team. Projects often get scrapped or lose momentum. Hard to grow up the ladder.
Google is still a big company, so you'll deal with the bureaucracy associated with this. Generally, people also work long hours, so you have to be willing to put in the time.
At a certain level, some of the business units have very little realistic upward mobility. It's not that you're not good, it's just that there aren't any available jobs. That being said, when you're making a bunch of money, how much will that bother you? It's up to you to figure that out.
There are no down sides !!
The work can be repetitive
As the company grows, your individual impact becomes less-and-less.
Getting top heavy and lots of management layers
Nothing I can Think Of
-company is really big now, one person's impact is definitely small. -much harder to launch new projects now, with so many processes required by law, or by company.
Becoming a big company, loss of Google culture in some areas
-Mountain View campus is very remote -Interns sometimes feel like second-class citizens -Some internal projects are secretive and that hurts the culture
Tough deadlines with not a lot of guidance. Some tasks can be very vague.
hierarchies are cumbersome politics comes into play
One downside is that they are always hiring new people, theres a lot of changes within the company, and sometimes it feels that you do not have a boss and its easily to get confuse
Daily work is usually trivial
Seniority and hard work means nothing to them No growth opportunity Plays favorites Totally a labor job NO Benefits
Bureaucracy, slow, not interesting projects.
It's hard to move up if you're already mid to sr manager
big corporation, poor work-life balance
You still have to go to work but its really not so bad. Thats life. Everyday basic stresses that could occur but the balance is positive. Not every day so sunnny.
- Most consumer-facing things you can work on are ad dashboards. - Lot of politics between Mountain View and the remote offices.
cubicles are horrible, there are a lot of distractions when you are sitting at your desk. Putting on a headphone does not help when people enter and exit the door about 5 feet away from where your cubicle is.
Very low pay for non-SWEs
It's a big company, and it's definitely starting to feel like one too. Quality is slowly but surely dipping over time. Basically Google is going through more mature growing pains.
Low rate of conversion from Contract to Full Time. Not many other cons, simply the best, friendliest working environment you could come across
Lower pay as compared to rest of company, overwhelming workload,
Things don't move as fast as they used to. Not because people are slow to act, but because there are way too many of them involved in every single decision.
Increasing amounts of bureaucracy slows engineering down a bit  The company is now large enough to have crossed the "speak your mind" threshold, where completely free expression turns into a staggering display of what a lack of perspective can do to a person.
The company is huge. Getting things done is an increasing problem, and wading through many layers of bureaucracy, approvals, executive changes-of-mind are a constant challenge that impedes one from actually shipping -- even on the business side.
The hiring bar is very slowly lowering.  "20% time" is generally a myth. Internally we called it "120% time".  Google's increasing scale is causing problems. Some parts of infrastructure are so complex that no one can see the whole picture. Duplicated work and missed requirements happen a lot. As the machine grows larger and there are more parts, the scope of individual responsibility moves further from having real customer impact.  Also I disagree with the high level direction of the company. In the last few years senior management has developed and worsened a trend of killing or crippling beloved products. Strategy is never transparent, even as the company maintains that they value transparency. Overall it feels that while engineering decisions are data-driven, management decisions are not. There has been a focus on growth, at the expense of innovation.
it is hard to feel impact of myself in such a huge company
Disconnected from average consumers, products come second to monetization by ads.
Very competitive culture so it's stressful.
A lot of employees, hard to balance life at work and home, average management
Didn't find any cons while working in Google
No reason to ever leave campus for the socially challenged since everything is provided on site.
- the marketing organization includes a lot of people who don't really have the skills to contribute in a positive way. At times these individuals are in influential positions, and can significantly impede the progress of the company. - moving up the ladder is extremely difficult, if not futile, unless you dedicate yourself to navigating workplace politics instead of being productive
Long Hours 60+/wk No upward mobility in recruiting High turnover due to contracting sourcers and letting them go after 1 year regardless of performance
There are not many cons to working here, but there is a lot of constant pressure to preform at a very high level.
everyone is really serious about their work. lots of competition stress sometimes
-Poor management -There is really weird politics on this team -Scheduling is HORRIBLE. There is absolutely no work/life balance: you get your schedule 3 days before you start working it for the week and there is no PTO since it is an hourly job -Management does not treat you well, there is little acknowledgment for great ideas and great performance -there is a uniform and it is not comfortable -there is no room for real growth: this is definitely an in between job -they say they are all about transparency, but there is actually VERY little transparency -This is not a 9-5, you will work weird hours and you will not have weekends off. Instead you will have a random Monday or Wednesday off and rarely a consecutive two days off -You will be penalized for requesting a weekend off, meaning that you will receive less hours  This is the type of job you get when you just really need a job, but be prepared to be treated badly, disrespected, unappreciated, asked to do ridiculous things in bad weather conditions, etc.
Decision making or prioritization process can be much improved. Velocity is hindered due to increased layers of management. Company has grown huge and it is trying hard not to become a typical boring corporation. Really miss those old scrappy days. You might expect to make a big impact when joining this company but most likely you will be spending all your time doing incremental improvements.
they treat their contractors poorly. i was hired under false pretenses.
None that I can think of! But I need at least 20 words, so I'll babble for a little bit.
No really cons. Too big?
- Demand excellence and dedication  - Promotion is based on demonstrated and sustained impact for a rather extensive amount of time
Can get a little bit closed from the outside environment. Need to maintain the pulse of what's happening outside.
Work/life balance is stressed by management, but not fully achieved.
- Google is a very large company now - Certain teams can be siloed off from others - Increasing hierarchy and bureaucracy - Manager quality can vary significantly
Its getting too big. Very hard to try anything new and have big impact.
The company has "matured" (a.k.a. slowed down) over the years. It's not really surprising given its current size. Still much better than Microsoft though.
It's competitive and as it's grown, it's become much more bureaucratic. You often need approvals from fifteen different stakeholders (half of which you never knew you needed to consult) before finalizing any project.
Getting big, quite competitive on good opportunities, a lot of geek-type persons.
As the company is getting bigger there might be some politics going on.
It is a company full of extremely smart and driven people, and as they struggle to keep operating costs down while maintaining exceptional revenue performance, this has a negative impact on work life balance. Many people are over-stressed and over-worked. This one Con can outweigh many of the Pro's.
Google is getting big and slow. As you rise through the company, you will find that more and more of your day is spend in endless meetings and wading through nonstop e-mail chains. There are far too many stakeholders involved in every decision, and there is often no clear owner for a particular project. The left hand often doesn't know what the right hand is doing. Shades of Microsoft from the late 90s - a company that is phenomenally profitable but undisciplined and becoming unwieldy. Many Google employees have essentially "checked out," and come in at 9:30 and leave at 5, and are never challenged.
Very larger company and you can get lost.
- It's a big company - every team at Google has its good and bad side. - Open source for iOS at Google is still just getting started, though things are improving substantially!
Google is a big company, and sometimes things are moving slow. Google is so much engineering focused, and sometimes it is not so customer focused.
Hard to make any meaningful impact as an individual
it's an engineering company, end of story. im from a background where sales people rule - so very not the case.
Though they try to eradicate it, there is still a decent amount of bureaucracy. Also, there are pockets of incivility and bad behavior and Google is not the best yet at identifying and eliminating that behavior.
long work days have to stay extremely busy
None at all. Great company
Lost of competition, can put lots of pressure on employees
none, may be its would be good if its onsite
Things are starting to move slower, this is a natural construct of operating at as large of a scale as Google does, but the company has lost its start-up feel.
Way more politics that I ever imagined. Many people referred to management as Game of Thrones, since everyone vying for the top, inevitably died (got fired). There was often a mismatch between what the execs prioritized and what middle management wanted. Lots of koolaide drinking going on, and the focus on new features is so high while the attention to fixing broken things was really low.
Nothing that I can think of!
Large company, harder to have a big impact
no cons nothing bad to say
Lots of external folks brought in agency and consulting type of cultures. It's a "House of Cards" + "Game of Thrones" type of company on a day-to-day basis. If you're looking for a career in politics, this is a great company for you - you'll get more than enough of that. Be prepared to get thrown under the bus oftenly.
Only three teams are currently in the area (Google for Work sales, Recruiting, Fiber), limiting career mobility within the city. Three office spaces scattered through town, making it hard to form a wide community with other teams and organizations. Google for Work sales reps are never in the office, making the spaces often feel empty.
Things can be slow at times, the bigger it gets the more hierarchical it gets. Promotions aren't always fair given the volume of people.
Engineering driven Flat structure Siloed products Hard path up the corporate ladder Very hard to reach consensus
Management refused to talk to you since you were a temp. And you HAVE to be a temp for a year, or more - much more sometimes, before you can get hired on.
The office is a little crowded.
Some roles are not clearly defined which eventually chases away the good talent
You work for a company that has no values what so ever and is doing all it can to violate customer's privacy
Company needs to make some changes/decisions to avoid becoming Microsoft from years ago (bloated, political, etc)
Very fast paced. You have to be smart to keep up with everyone else and invest yourself in the company.
Big company. Hard to move the needle. Working outside of Mountain View is challenging.
Bureaucracy in HR policies, ladder transfers are discouraged.
Let me stress that this is a great company but the room for growth is minimal. I was there four 5 years and left because I felt like i personally had very little impact on the company
If you want to excel (no one forces you to) you have to put in long hours and go beyond expectations, helping other team members out and participating in projects outside of your team. It can get tough to balance work and play when you're working this hard, but really... Who gets a job at Google to be lazy?
It's become a corporation. Sometimes it's hard to feel you can make a huge impact. There's so many employees and projects, you can be gone for weeks and nobody will notice.
Too much bureaucracy and redtape
Getting more corporate all the time More and more "fruit company" defectors bringing the 24/7 cut throat culture that they claim to be escaping from Mountain View and Bay Area COL insanity is on the verge of making it not worth it. (Washington competitors looking more attractive)
Google is so big and in so many markets it's hard to see the forest through the trees sometimes. Staying on top of ever changing technologies and knowledge is often time hard. It would be nice to have a few days a year for "reading days."
Google employees aren't necessarily challenged by their role and often are capable of much more than their present responsibilities, therefore, to make the most of your time here, you should seek out projects and challenges rather than wait for them.
For better or for worse, Google is very bottom-up. While it means complete freedom in your choice of tools and process, it also means it can be organizationally chaotic.
Location, Compensation, Goal alignment,
As an intern, it's stressful ramping up to get familiar with all of Google's proprietary technologies.
Demanding on regular basis. Some management skills may be helpful to avoid burnout.
The company is so large that the quality of culture is degrading quickly. The bureaucracy only seems to be getting worse over time.
Not much I can think about.
Nothing really that can be a con
1. Hard to find an interested project. 2. Not has as much freedom as before. You don't have 20% projects. 3. After getting familiar with all the great internal tools, it's possible you do not have the ability to work outside.
Near the end of my tenure it was getting too big.
If changing job types the transfer process can be a terrible experience. So,e areas quite political. Not enough parking in MTV.
Complicated promotion process, evaluated on a curve
Experience will depend on the office you are in, and office dynamics can change tremendously as it grows.
The company is just too big. The entire system built around setting and meeting goals turns every employee into a number. If you have a manager that cares and pays attention, you are good to go, otherwise, watch out! You are much better off gaming the system at Google than being honest, your wallet and well being will thank you. A lot of your career trajectory has to do with how often you can get on a kudos email, and if you were randomly assigned to a project that does really well. There is about a 4 year top out to discover if you're playing politics well enough to stay on board. You'll find that a lot of co-workers don't care and just want to fly under the radar, which can get pretty frustrating.
Commute, cost of living in the Bay Area
Highly political Low accountability Very frequent re-orgs Lots of meetings, surveys, half-baked documents that lead to nowhere
I don't like when I can't ly deadline when i am working on something
Difficult for career growth, harder to shift between teams then it seems
I cant barely find any cons. Just a really great place to work Cant beat it anywhere and such an innovative company
Not exactly a con, but be prepared to be intellectually challenged (including during your interview)! Facts, data, and sound logic are standard expectations, not hyperbole, bluster or conjecture - in any role, at any level.
Too many people. Hard get promo. Good projects are hard to get.
- Increasingly bureaucratic within my organization, process creep. - Low performers aren't dealt with very well. - It's getting more difficult to build internal applications because of all of the approvals required to access data in various systems.
All I can see good things about my dream company , Google.
It's hard to learn the ropes: you're given a long leash and plenty of benefit of the doubt (if you screw something up) but there is sooo much to learn and the formal training isn't all that extensive (though, the training sessions are great).  Being able to thrive in ambiguity is a must. You're expected to be autonomous, which is great, but it's tough to learn the ropes and when you're new, you want to perform well and make an impact. It's hard to do that at first. It's good to trust your management and team and do what you can. Have self confidence in your value and go find a way to contribute - even if it seems small or under the radar.
I do not have an negative comments about being employ with Google because I love working for Google.
Limited career advancement, especially for people starting out in their careers. Very difficult to explore opportunities outside of Human Resources once you are slotted in this department at the beginning of your career.
- Peer pressure & the ever elusive performance bar - Mangement bureaucracy - Lack of career grooming - Work:Life Balance
Campush-ish...felt too youthful sometimes...most staff are super-duper intelligent but are not growing in professionalism.
Don't eat too much food.
Finance at Google was the worst job I've ever had. The department is dysfunctional, understaffed and lacks basic process, controls and systems support that you'd expect at such an established company. It's Oracle version stopped being supported, Financials don't tie across systems, there's a complete lack of governance around core processes so every department, manager, leader does something entirely different (and guess what, no one gets along or agrees).  If you can land on a happy team, it can be a happy ride. But there's limited career growth, you're getting Tier 3 finance skills (because when so much cash shows up, no one cares about a model) and the rest of the organization views you as the weakest link. If it's your way to get in, great--but don't view Finance as a long-term success path. It's a cess-pool of repetitive, boring work that Google doesn't have the discipline or the patience to optimize, outsource or eliminate. You will feel like you're wasting your life. Have an insight? Don't share it, some Eng lead will just ignore you anyway.
Work life balance can be a challenge
too much free food and not enough pods to take power naps
It is impossible to have any CONS
-Transferring job ladders is near-impossible
Not the best place to start your career - but a great place to refine and grow your experience. Working your way up in the 'level' process from 2 (entry level) to 5 (manager-level, not a director) will take more than a few years in the larger business organizations - when new hires come on they can get slotted above people who have been working through the system for a while.
no cons of this place of work.
No bad experiences really besides the long hours i had to work
Expensive to buy a house in Mountain View Hard to be productive if you don't like large open office spaces with lots of noise
-growing very fast -no longer as transparent -not very diverse -hard to advance and get promoted
- Lots of changes (although it is also a good thing) - Impostor syndrome
Political Dishonest Below Average Management Treats employees as disposable Low Work/Life Balace
Nothing to show as cons
none really to be honest
systems are quite mature, so if you don't have your own ideas, you may have a hard time finding the right change with potential impact.
Sometimes things can get a little bit stressful. If you don't like your job then you will feel miserable at Google. The people here are very nice and polite (or at least the people that I worked with) and they won't hurt you if you make a mistake.
I love change and a fast paced environment, but if these aren't for you, Google could leave you out of breath.
- career growth is slow
Not great pay, startups better
Huge company so can be difficult to stand out
can be difficult to work in a small distributed office (limited career growth potential), near-constant change (new managers, re-organizations, etc) can make things feel like they're constantly shifting underneath you and you have no footing
Hard to think of one
Too many levels of management
Nothing. What is there not to like about working at Google?
getting too big, slow, hard to get promoted
too many work hours, too much to do on campus
have to work for more than 12 hours a day. and work on weekend sometimes
Sales is the ugly stepchild at Google, and we often feel like second glass citizens
mobility fictitious and hard to move around
1. Can be difficult to move up. Being promoted at Google takes a bit of luck in regard to how much internal prestige your assigned team has.  2. If you don't love what you do, you will be miserable. At Google, whatever your duties are, expect to have them on your mind 24/7. The "work-life" balance is very skewed toward work.
Very demanding environment, lots of politics & bureaucracy.
little work life balance. stay at the office late.
When I started at Google in 2007, it was a much smaller company. By the time I left in 2014, it started to feel a lot more big-company-ish, with more bureaucracy and politics. They did a good job of trying to combat that as best they could but at some point the reality is just that they are huge. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, if you like working in big companies, but I was seeking something smaller and more mellow.
A lifestyle more than a job.
-It can take forever to get to work because there are so many people working in a place with basically just two access roads -You will feel like just a number at times -Promotion is pretty much BS
Bad Management in india office
Alot of finished work expected of you in small amounts of time. Bonuses poorly distributed. not great work/life balance, most employees are workaholics.
Unwilling to admit it's own size and plan for it, with middle managers stretched thinner than others places in industry.  Strongly centered on HQ, and pay doesn't even buy a house near HQ.
Desk space is very small and people are packed closely together in workspaces.
No real complaints here, love the job
If you are a technical person or have a very unique skill great place to be but if you are a support function of any sort don't expect to get too much in the way of recognition.
Can be difficult to utilize your skills. A lot of the work you do could be done by someone much more junior.
It's a very big company and it doesn't always feel like you're contributing a lot. They also tend not to promote from within. If you're interning in MTV, the taxes can be pretty brutal.
I didn't really have anything bad to say about working here it's a great company. Some of the work maybe at a fast past but it's easy to keep up
As tour teammates are also very clever, the challenge is to show ypur results in order to Get a promotion.
None- a truly amazing company!
There are no cons here
Management and Directors may have little experience. Most recommendations do not get heard. Will continue repeating failed methods.
Being able to keep up with the technology industry can be a challenge but having the right sets of conversations cures that!
Uninspired projects and mediocre middle management.
You work mostly with google technologies and its a steep learning curve before you start getting productive
Company is becoming more bureaucratic as time goes on and company size increases.
- Work/life balance - Too many meetings/emails - Big company politics - Slower career trajectory - Sustaining work underappreciated - Noisy open space environment - Traffic
The scope of work is a little narrow. They want you to be an expert in your area and you don't get a lot of opportunity to expand your skillset. With that, it's hard to make a significant impact outside of your core group.
- Typical cons that are associated with any large companies
very hard to advance from outside
big, slow, benefits are declining
The problems to solve are exciting, and the culture is very fast-paced. It's difficult to "unplug" at the end of the day.
Employees aren't well paid and are undervalued
too big now. same big company politics. same big company abusers. So many people abusing and taking advantage of any policy or benefit.
Wish we could get paid for our hard work
to many people doing nothing
Was a contract employer. Benefits were watered down. Pay was dismal.
It can feel like Disneyland with a dark side. They throw all these great perks and benefits at you but it covers up a cutthroat feel almost to it. Super high expectations that go up each quarter.
narrow roles since the org is so large, challenging/nearly impossible to get promoted given that the employee-base is full of over-achievers managers frequently change every few months
There were not cons for me
Long Hours are not fun
The company is very big. There are more than 50000 employees. The work can get boring at times. For people who live in the city, it is a long commute.
Can be hard to climb the corporate ladder
Snobby, childish "one upmanship" work culture. Endless meetings. Large campus creating an "in crowd" mentality. It is a rotating door of temps & contractors.
The layers of bureaucracy is growing and getting things done at Google is like running through water while there is ever increasing pressure to produce more.
zero transparency into future comp, base salary is low in comparison to the market, all systems are designed for engineers (could also be a pro too)
Getting too big and losing the startup feel and culture.
None in particular One of he best places to work
Projects for interns are sometimes not well defined or well prepared for in advance. This has led to some confusion in the middle.
-Coworkers talk about the food endlessly, like it's the best and central part of their day. Because it is.  -Lots of NIH and Google-specific libraries which folks can't take with them when they leave. The outside world operates very differently and with different technologies, and people won't learn much of that here unfortunately.  -Lack of freedom to choose technologies. A lot of solutions exist on the outside, but there's often a homegrown competitor that we're forced to use, so it will make that other team look good (lots of folks write libraries and services just to get promoted).  -No Node.js support in production. This is especially painful for aqui-hires because many startups these days use Node. Then they find they need to re-write everything to integrate with Google.  -Checkin + code review process is super bloated, anal retentive, and obsessive. This slows down development time considerably. This is especially painful for aqui-hires, where no one on the team has readability, so you have to make friends within Google just to get your code checked in. Really, really frustrating and the feeling that productivity has gone down immensely.  -Still not a good environment for frontend engineers. If you even hint that you like JavaScript and CSS, people will look at you like you have brain damage. Not a lot of the engineering culture values FE work, although that's a self-admitted problem that they're trying to change.  -Fiscal irresponsibility. Hiring rate within the last few years has been out of control and unsustainable. There is a boom time now, but this is going to hurt and result in many layoffs when the next crash happens.  -Engineering culture (also listed as a pro above). Specifically non-frontend engineering. This is reflected in the ridiculous interview process. It would be good to get more diversity of thought and perspectives, not just a hard-line engineering perspective. So many decisions are based on quantitative data alone, which is a mistake if a company wants to push the boundaries and wants to be innovative.  -Entitlement and elitism. It's not everyone of course.  -High cost of living around main campus. You may think you're getting paid a lot, but the cost of living in the area matches that salary.
Very large. Highly political. Opaque promotion process. Elitist.
Not too many, maybe work life balance
Bureaucracy is unfortunately extremely prevalent.
Traffic and housing prices in the Bay Area
As it grows bigger it gets more complicated - more layers and slower decisions, probably comes with the territory after a certain size/employee count.
Have to be energetic all the time
Not the greatest work/life balance...but, who cares...there is time for that later.
hectic life in the company
Projects in Google can become very big very fast, as they should. But running very small experimental projects has become more difficult as the risk/reward equation has shifted more towards the huge expense of uncertainty given Google's large revenues.
Boring work. Too many people. Too much routine work on moving data around. In fact many people don't follow formal culture, care about their career/launch/good review then about creating perfect solutions and technology.
all the pains that come with working at a big company
Easy to feel inferior when surrounded by so many intelligent coworkers. Impostor Syndrome is quite common, but also acknowledged.
Commute to MTV from SF is terrible, sometimes the size gets overwhelming
Losing feeling of reality outside.
Challenging work environment but interesting
location, hard to get there from the city
getting big. lots of politics. very dispersed leadership.
You have to be able to deal with great amounts of ambiguity around goals and how to get there. Google is a best fit for self-motivated, out-of-the-box-thinking people.
Don't know about the cons.
The hiring process - having to go through a "hiring committee" that's a bit overwhelming not to mention intimidating.
i think it is perfect
I have nothing to share for con
Has the same cons any large Tech company has... - not enough women in leadership roles - women are promoted less often compared to men - bureaucracy problems continue to increase as the company continues to grow - harder for non-managers and above to live in So Bay, too expensive
Challenges might be too much for some !
Large and complex organization. Hierarchical. Silo'd. Unable to keep pace with other tech companies.
Some challenging work like more than enmities and I like my job
Un-focussed and way too many duplicative efforts. The company culture is bias towards action - act before thinking and re-adjust. This is not an environment for folks who like to be thoughtful
Lots of bureaucracy and 'murky waters' (code for general ambiguity) when it comes to promotions, ladders, etc. Standard problems at large 'flat' tech companies.
Size of company means less opportunity for autonomy. I felt like just another cog in the machine towards the end Calibrations punish some good employees unfairly
Working under pressure.no advancement possible on the era were i do work.
Non-tech people have worse lives Exceptional talent means better competition for performance Growing pains: increasing levels of bureau-crazy, people building fiefdoms, etc. Some elitism, though everyone's very nice outwardly
Lots of people you need to know in upper management. You also work long days which really take a toll on your family life.
It is growing, and with it is coming more bureaucracy.
Overall, onboarding process- There seems to be a disconnect for new people coming on board- lack of training and direction. The company is so big and complicated, internal navigation can be rough.
Only to step up and finding new online facilities. Discover more for all the Google facility users. To take my self on the higher level of the company.
Super stressful and intense, pace never slows down, hard to stand out because everyone is amazing.
Working late shifts but other than that I'm okay
If you have a bad manager you're all-around screwed. Certain colleagues can act elitist and seem snooty if you're not technical.
Google has a lot of offices but the most focus is on Mountain View CA. If you are willing to relocate you can have many job opportunities
too much politics. no matter how much you try to do your best, it doesn't beat office politics. no promotion unless you know how to play politics.
- It is a big company now - Very much focused on Silicon Valley, other locations less involved - Large custom codebase, limited transferable skills
I can't think of any cons for them
Very big, bureaucratic place depending on the department you find yourself in. Challenging internal mobility issues at time, not always a meritocracy, sometimes clubby.
double-speak from upper management. sometimes moving too fast without thinking. sales on completely different bonus plan.
Things change fast and you need to be able to adapt quickly.
Career ceiling for non-engineers limits opportunity.
As the company continues to grow, teams aren't able to remain flexible to changing business needs quickly and decision making as a whole seems to have taken a step back. Many mid to higher level management roles also seem to be sourced externally. As a result, upward mobility might be an issue if you join the company early on in your career.
There is none to share.
The onboarding process is extremely weak. There is only a cursory introduction to the products via mindless education videos, presentations, and web quizzes and virtually no consideration given to lack of knowledge of an entirely new industry sector. Then you're quickly presented to others (including clients) as an expert, far far too early. Shadowing and mentoring someone with experience until you attain some level of proficiency is non-existent. Everything is "do it yourself" despite the student being in the worst position to judge what they do or do not know or need to know.
Somewhat random promotion process, flawed interviewing process (no know alternative there). I referred a lot of very good candidates, only one was eventually hired.
Trying hard to maintain the start-up culture, but coping being a mature organization.
Nothing in particular that stands out.
All the low-hanging fruit has been plucked. They also don't care whether they hire nice people or not.
You are not really aloud to work on any if your ideas. It takes years for the company to start a new project. They do not volume anything you say. Pay is not as good as competitors! The offices look nice in ads but they are really cramped.
-As company grows, there are more layers of decision making and it can be tougher to get things done -Promotions get increasingly difficult with each level, you need to be on a team with a supportive manager (if you are not in a role you enjoy and thrive at, it can be hard to switch) -Opportunities for advancement at remote offices can be limited
Some business areas may not reflect the values that made Google great as it was growing, but those shifts may be necessary as new business areas are explored.
Slowly turning into "just another big company"
Like any large company, the leaders frequently are out of touch with the individual contributors. Many times over the past year it has felt like leadership has been dismissing the sentiment of its employees.  Also, the promotion process largely depends on your manger. Not on your performance.
no space (people shoved together in cubicles) that are inches apart, petty management style, no real room for growth if you are not an engineer. Co-workers encouraged to spy and report on each other as part of the job.
The company is facing a changing public perception and several large legal hurdles, ironic as it's actually very careful with personal data, especially compared with others. It's more of a top-down, large company as it has grown. Working outside of Mountain View can be difficult. Your experience may vary depending on which division you're in, though it's not hard to switch.
Layers of management being imported from outside who do not understand the corporate ethos or culture. Changes for the sake of change and justifying a middle management role. Lack of business maturity, lack of structured vision, lack of fiscal responsibility. Restrictive career mobility between job ladders.
still a big company. Legal and privacy restrictions are quite heavy. Internal bureaucracy is often streamlined as possible, but still exists. Revenue growth is slowing, which slows hiring and growth opportunities for some teams.
All housing near HQ is priced for the top wage earners at Google so you can't buy a house and renting will eat your entire paycheck. Google's coding environment is designed for the lowest common denominator and twisted to support a nearly infinitely large codebase. 95% of your time will be waiting for spaghetti code to build, fighting code review trolls, following Google code style, trying to figure out bone-headed non-standard architectures, debugging your Google-modified world, wading through endless obsolete documents, and dealing with the politics of egomaniacs pushing their dumb new framework/storage/language/whatever in an attempt to gain recognition within a nearly infinite megacorp. Google uses almost nothing from the outside world so almost nothing learned can be applied to your career elsewhere. There are insufferable KoolAid guzzlers saying they love the "startup culture," as if it was normal to write 100 lines of code in a day, wait a week for it to be committed, and then attend a party of 1000 strangers texting while a computerized DJ blasts retro pop music. For all of this effort, regardless of the official project title, what you're really doing is enabling the creepy collection of marketing data.
As the company grows, a lot of bureaurocratic hurdles are faced by engineers
Red tape to doing anything
Can be bureaucratic, some people are coasting and thus no drive, and not all Googlers are that bright.
Nothing to complain, work sometimes is hard but is interesting problem to solve.
sometimes need to work overtime.
Company is getting so large that there is less room for impact and ownership overtime.
light on processes, everything can be a one off.
It's google corporate style startup environment doesn't work. Time will tell. the interviews qlarge terrible, but cute. Anybody 20th half a brain can pass them.
Sometimes very chaotic environment. Lots of very young, new people who don't always know the best way to do things
No cons. Working here is great.
Hours Management Uncomfortable seating arrangements.  they try to act like they care for their workers, but the smell of money is everywhere.
Low quality of talent entering the company as it grows. This forces higher performers to pick up the slack.
It was frustrating to often see your projects being sidelined. Ultimately this drive me from Google.
stifles creativity and stunts your growth
They focus too much on growing their Mountain View CA office.
Large company. Release cycle on my team was slow (Android)
For me, the most difficult aspect of working at Google was the culture, which tended toward elitist, both technically and politically. The sense of competition is keen, not necessarily because of the formal review process, but just because hanging around some of the smartest engineers in the world every day can be intimidating. I frequently encountered coworkers who, like me, felt themselves to be "the dumbest Googler." No one wants to write inferior code or to be thought of as doing so, and for me, the pressure in a public-facing role was even greater. Politically speaking, the culture leans hard to the left and as a conservative Christian, I sometimes felt marginalized by the conversation taking place on emails, G+, and in the office. Still, my immediate team members were always friendly and easy to get along with and i wouldn't trade my time at Google for any other company.
Expectations as to training were not made clear at the beginning of the project.
Mediocre pay since it was a contract job. Could have been better.
Senior management sometimes acts superior.
Managers often far removed from day to day Constant re-orgs More importance often put on meeting scheduled launch dates than releasing finished product.
Large company, can get lost in the crowd
Can be bureaucratic and takes way too long to get a promotion.
Not many cons to weite
-Middle Management is ineffective, unfair, and self-absorbed
Racist company towards minorities and females.
Too many reorgs and manager changes often affect your productivity
Many people become too comfortable and complacement
- Sloooow...doing anything takes two weeks minimum - Promotion process is byzantine and opaque. Years to get into management - Big-company atmosphere - don't be fooled by the "entrepreneurial culture". 55,000 employees doesn't allow for that - Stand-offish management
Eh, there were some things that it could have done better. I have seen other companies that do different things.
none I can think of.
Company is growing significantly so it's easy to feel lost in the fray. Hierarchy not as flat as I thought it was going to be. A lot of red tape that comes with growing pains.
Very large company, low contribution
Can feel like a small part of a big machine, portfolios can be limited and become monotonous, increasing bureaucracy.
You need to be very bright to keep up with your peers.
- Work/life balance - You might feel impostor syndrome for being surrounded by awesome people
managers are very political and hierarchical
Hard to move to different groups or different functional ladders. It's almost easier to quit and then go through the recruiting process again because they have a process for that and non-existent for internal transfers
As the company is getting bigger and bigger, we started to see more problems. A promotion candidate was declined and the reason was her seniority wasn't long enough.
It is a very matrixed organization. Lots of people have input into a disorienting number of the decisions. Move much slower than people would think for google.
- Founders stepping back - Influx of consultants - Culture declining
Not much bad to say
you have to be competitive to work in google.
Tremendous growth and scale has resulted in certain processes becoming bureaucratic and muddled At times trying to do too many things at once. Need to re-focus
Amount of critique that the company faces
Lots of lateral movement Not as many opps outside of headquarters
Too big. A little lose focus now. Top level management has some business sense issue.
Promotion process is the worst thing that happened to google. People start taking on project a that will look for their promotion
too many people and too much boring work
It is a big company now, and you need to deal with many dependencies and manage complex cross team relationships.
It is hard to do from the ground up projects
Work Life Balance when scaling for growth
Engineering culture, lack of seasoned business management, immature
Some issues with paychecks but resolved
There are none worth mentioning (IMHO)
Company is growing in size, so natural cons that come with that. Feel compensation is something that be improved Work on lot of propreitry tech that is something you cannot use outside of Google or even talk/
I do not see anything negative in the comany.
The business is Ad based
The cost of living in the Bay Area + the huge commute time to Mountain View. Even those beautiful shuttles are miserable when you spend 15 hours per week on them. My part time job was commuting.
A bit bureaucratic on some teams and in some respects.
Watch out for Apple. They're hot and closing in on our assessment. Jealousy issues between Apps and Droids. Can't forget about those annoying drones.
It doesn't have the start-up feel of other tech companies... but honestly, it's more refreshing than an actual "con."
Internal politics/corporate culture, quality of people hired over the last 5 years, products dev
6 bosses, one task, 6 different results. Horrible leadership and communications process. Internally dysfunctional and misleading. Additionally they don't honor written contracts to pay employees.
Too big. Stock refresh is not great.
you always have to be on time.
There are really no Cons to speak of. It is a very fun place to work. Would recommend to anyone in human resources.
A lot of priorities to balance
hard for career advancements and managers are sometimes stressing you out
- Turning into a large corporation with innovation starting to slow down. - Job satisfaction depends on team you join. No longer enrich cross team collaboration.
Gets political very quickly as you move up. Also, Google is hiring old school sales people to run sales. It's horrible. My VP was formerly from Dell and Nokia. Nothing at all in common with Google. He did not even understand how the ad auction works. And everyone under him feels like a number.
Given the size, it can be challenging to have great impact on an individual level.
Bureaucracy is slowly getting worse. Not too bad yet though. Overloading - a lot of things to work on, not easy to maintain work/life balance at times
Big company, too many people on the corporate ladder.
Does anyone in management or in the company as a whole have an EQ over 5? Forgot any ideas about equality, respect and cultural sensitivity. Also forget working here if you have anything more than about 5 years of experience -- they'll try to exploit the hell out of you and take advantage of any knowledge or experience that you have that isn't part of your job. And they'll bully and harass you on and off campus if you don't give them what they want. Then again, they bully and harass the local community and the local service workers -- the ones who keep the company running on a daily basis, so why would it be any different for someone over the age of 30 who actually has valuable life experience. Not a recommended place to work for anyone seeking job satisfaction of any kind.
Company is huge and increasingly corporate despite efforts to remain scrappy. Very easy to get lost in the fray if you're not one to constantly tout your successes. Finding the right team makes a huge difference in your success, a poor manager may taint your experience (respect at work is an issue). Work-life balance, though touted, is extremely difficult to achieve, especially for those commuting from SF or San Jose to Mountain View on a daily basis. Traffic both north and south 101 is increasingly terrible.
Google is a big company now. It's not as nimble as it used to be, and I'm not sure that salaries are as competitive as they were when I joined.
- Senior management don't seem to care about opinions of engs. - Hard to make significant impact at such a big company.
I cannot see there is i any con
Since Google has grown into a large company, scopes for recognition of individual contributions has grown slimmer than before. I hear the culture has degraded a little as well, but the management is aware and taking steps to recover the old Google culture.
It's not a small company, at all. It definitely does not have a 'start up' feel. There are so many different departments it's difficult to keep track, and they don't always coordinate well with each other. Lots of duplicated work / wasted effort.
Tedious to keep on negotiating comp everyday for offers.
processes and politics are sadly more and more of an issue
Long working hours, long commute
this lifestyle can be stressful
too big, hard to navigate
It is easy to feel like a cog in a big wheel here. Now that the company is huge, it is harder to find interesting projects that you can own.
The number of engineering projects outside of HQ seems to be low and can be taken away at any given point in time because they decided to move everything to HQ.
Getting larger so feel like you're making less of an impact
Too big a company, too much bureaucracy, lack of shared vision, diversity, trust and respect, hard to make any progress.
Be aware of the Google fairy tale. The reality that I experienced is:  1. The so called "20% project" is already gone. The first day I joined the team, I was explicitly told there is no such thing called "20% project". I was told to focus on this team's jobs. 2. The legend of "developer come up with ideas and had freedom to execute" does not exist. When I interviewed and was in the orientation, in multiple times I was told "Google works bottom up", "Gmail was a bottom-up idea", "you have the freedom to use your time to test out your idea". But the reality is: the boss "suggested" a direction that you "may" work on, it was actually an authoritative direction, an order. I once tried to divert a little bit and have my own direction, then that one incident caused pretty bad half year review. 3. Management is fake, hypocritical: a) they say you can have your own direction and your own creativity, but at the end of the day they judge your performance just like a worker, on how much your "throughput" is b) they say "Google takes a long time to ramp up" but actually they count your output and rate at day 1, not considering the ramp up time. c) they pretend Google had a relaxed culture, but they took notes of exactly what you said and used that months later as bullets against you. 4. Politics, politics: under the disguise of "Google is bottom-up", "Developers in Google are autonomous", there is just tons of politics, power struggle going on. The design meetings become a place for power struggle, and speaking/advocating a design requires taking risk of jumping to the wrong boat.
Bigger offices are in very expensive places to live. Would like the option to work from home more.
Many, many intelligent and unique people you are constantly surrounded by that can overwhelm you.
Becoming too large, hierarchical. Lacks some focus
Slower product development cycle than a startup, reactive porduct strategy (depends on department), 20% time to hack on projects is less like 80-20 and more like 100-20.
Unpredictable work hours and schedule
This job stole my soul and sold it to a faceless corporation.
There truly aren't any cons here to report!
-Doesn't generally lead to operational work - Some projects seem nice to have, not critical - Can be a transitional role
Single mothers in near Poverty as work colleagues
Google is inevitably becoming bigger and more corporate as time goes on. Sometimes leadership will make a decision that seems only to benefit the company to the detriment of employees or users. If you step back, everything is still great overall so it's hard to complain, but it can be troubling at times. Whenever that happens I just hug my stock real tight and remember that I can always bail if things actually start going south. So far nothing's made me consider leaving.
"Hire the best people and give them freedom" is all talk from the head of HR. Make sure that your role is one with enough flexibility so you can enjoy the benefits of Google. Oh the irony that one of the most money-making units of the company is one of the least "Googley" in terms of freedom for employees and transparency of the role during interviews.
I have no cons about .
beaurcracy makes it much harder for products to get launched. Code reviews take a while. Lots of self entitlement among many employees
Company getting bigger and more bureaucratic
-It's a big company now, which means more politics and slower decision making than 5 years ago -The commute to Mountain View is killer if you can't afford the costly peninsula -Work life balance is lacking in some functions
Stress levels, poor work-life balance, promotion process,.
there are no cons at Google!
The numerous reorgs on the non-engineering side have left a lot of people disenchanted. In many of those reorgs, people weren't being recognized as individuals, but more just cogs that need to be put in place for Google to build the next $10BN business. Google talks a good talk and employees believe management. However, over the years employee's expectations have become so high, that when an individual is in a poor job situation, they feel like Google owes them something better. So you have people who sit in a role/team/dept thinking the situation will get better or that management has a good plan, and they'll be fine once they give it a few months. In reality, that person is either overqualified for the role or a bad fit, but are too complacent to change. Many employees can't even fathom leaving Google, so they sit there and hope it works out and will figure it out once the new dream role opens up. But that doesn't happen and so they wait it out until the next reorg. The cycle continues.
You might not be able to make yourself stronger due to your work at Google is fixed
Too many people in the end - too many meetings and not enough getting done
Google became evil, they have become money hungry
None that I can think of
Flat hierarchy. Extremely big company, whatever you do is hard to get recognized.
Sales quotas, very middle heavy. Sales orgs will leave you without a bonus if you don't hit quota. Pay is not great compared to other networks.
Google often can make you overwork, and it can be overly stressful, especially if you have a family to take care of.
Horrible work life balance. Difficult to get promoted.
too relaxed, too many paper work
Lots of middle management, so there are some great managers but plenty of bad ones
You occasionally feel tension between what the job ladder will reward you for doing vs what would really be the right thing for the company.
Some teams have a very startup like environment that doesn't suit everyone. Projects get started, some succeed and grow continuing to get funded, others wither and die due to lack of funding and in some cases the eye of sauron tears projects down. It's a very dynamic environment with a steady pay check.
Crowded, frequent project cancellations and management changes
MBAs are parasitic leaches that are crushing the culture and long term vision.
Easy to get pigeon-holed into specific jobs or roles. You handle a very small piece of a giant puzzle
- peers are brilliant so you might feel inadequate - sink or swim mentality. you're expected to be a self-starter and independent learner. they have resources to help you but, in the end, you have to figure out how to learn and get things done on your own
Too stressful. It's a competitive environment where expectations are high.
No major cons, just takes getting used to
Can't think of one at the present time!
You have to give in a lot of extra hours, when you are working on a project, sometimes you might end up getting some work done at home. this can be a good thing sometimes
Limited horizontal and vertical mobility
The company has grown so fast and so large that things move slowly, management layers are continually being added, and the departments/products get fragmented from each other.
- company is starting to feel too corporate and losing initial "Googliness" - extremely hard to navigate through - difficulty knowing what's available in other organizations within the company - career development and coaching
bitter large company politics, slow moving, hard to get recognition, comp is not the best in industry
Lack of career opportunities and good projects unless you want to move to Silicon Valley.
not enough money, long hours
Working overtime and promotions not easily achieved
Some of the challenges is the lack of diversity. Everyone seems to be a white male which is typical in the tech industry
Unless you are a software engineer or senior exec, your pay and career advancement opportunities are limited. It's also a massive company, so your experience depends greatly on which group and manager you have.
didn't get the attention for my work
gTech is a highly political org with many more layers of hierarchy than other orgs (Eng, Product, Marketing, etc.). This culture spurs unhealthy competition between co-workers who should be collaborating. It also doesn't make use of individual contributors' skill-sets, resulting in smart people doing low-level things.
If you're not working in Mountain View you have very little growth opportunity. You can end up on projects that you know nothing about and have no interest in.
Not much that I can think of. Occasionally gets a little competitive. Expectations are VERY high
It really isn't a start up anymore, so I do miss that dynamic. Of course it's hard to stay that way with the amount of success they have had.
Suburban office location is quite dull. Cost of living is *extremely* high. Total compensation is just okay considering the latter. The salary however, is just plain mediocre. You often learn about the cool things Google does after it leaks to the media, not internally. Many products and positions lack excitement and attention. The sales/partnerships side of the company will always play second fiddle to engineering (no surprise there). Many of the sales jobs are difficult to recommend to bright, high potential candidates. Loud and sometimes distracting 'bull pen' style offices. Google is a massive company. The size can be disheartening.
Career opportunity is rare. Politics. Things and messes in big companies are there too.
Not really any cons of working for Google. An overall great place to work.
Learn everything perfectly, steps by steps. Make the best work ever.
Definitely felt like a smaller fish in a big pond... not used to that. Although they've invested mightily in developer productivity, there are still a lot of impediments. Part of why I left was I didn't have faith/passion about the product strategy I was working within (won't say why I left). Bottom line is, I'm a very PRODUCT focused engineer, not a TECHNOLOGY focused engineer... I know that may seem odd but it's true. If you want to go to a place and grapple with technical challenges on scales you are unlikely to find elsewhere and are not easily frustrated by capricious product strategy this would be a great place for you! Just not for me.
Discriminate the lower level. May be not the owner but the management is. As signed paperwork, it said equal opportunities but really is not. Like myself, I work myself off and willing to go extra mile but at the end, they used all of your talent then said end of my contract.
I didn't have anything I didn't like or consider not wanting to do. I loved working at Xeros for any company
No complaints - the people really made the experience!
Struggling to maintain the feel of a startup.
Facilities are not the best, there could be improvements in the way things are ran.
The guy I worked with
Does not feel like a start-up anymore!
The company is very large, so new processes can take a while to get implemented
All the cons from big companies.
none really they are google
As an intern, the project I was assigned differed from what I thought I had agreed to before I was hired.
The location of the office is not quite good. There isn't much to do during weekends.
This is just the inevitable problem associated with companies that amass a large size and establishment in the market, but it's hard for employees themselves to innovate. Also, there are just too many over-qualified employees at Google who are relegated to simpler roles.
Can be hard to advance with so many great people around you.
- The department you go to will dictate whether you have a great time or terrible time at Google. - Consumer Operations was a really political organization, with folks who wanted to watch out for their own behinds so would throw others under the bus as necessary. In this department, we had managers who were not fit to lead. While rest of Google had flexibility to work remotely, this department frowned upon this which is ironic given the senior director lives in Los Angeles and actually commutes back/forth with a fair amount of remote work. - Be ready for reorgs often and change of responsibilities - There are definite jerks in Consumer Operations department, you wouldn't think it given the transparent, open culture of Google but Consumer Operations has its own culture. Unfortunately, the Consumer Operations culture is not the Google culture.
Difficult to advance, lots of red tape. Projects are routinely started and then canceled.
There are a lot of internal inefficiencies and chaos resulting from weak leadership, flawed in-house tools, and lack of processes/controls. People are straining and working long hours just to keep the lights on, without much time and energy (and motivation) left to innovate. There are maturity and professionalism deficiencies at many levels - I especially hate the lack of ownership at times (people expecting you to do their job, passivity-laziness in planning, amateurish presentation skills). I thought this was Google? Work dedication, clear thinking, and attrition are an issue in my org. But I am coming from the perspective of Global Business and not Engineering - which is the face of Google and may be better run.
Big company - this can be a turn off for some, but it's never bothered me a bit
There wasn't much I didn't like
Many projects are large and hard to make impact. There are many interesting projects but it's hard to join these unless you have top-level experience to demonstrate. The bottom-up culture conflicts recent top down trend and there are confusion around the ongoing cultural change.
Focus on quarterly quota makes for short-term sales push that can hurt client relationships and longer-term strategy. Sales leads and Managers can go from rock-stars to borderline performer in 1-2 quarters all driven by hitting the number. The googley, we care about our people spirit is hit/miss.
The commute from San Francisco can be a little long but is rewarding when you get to work here.
Sometimes, people seem a bit pretentious. Working with some of these people with large egos could be challenging and dosent make for the best work environment. However, most of the time, the management is very in tune and sought to avoid problems with employees.
Although it is not formalized, many people work long hours. Also, it is easy to feel overwhelmed or even out-of-place in the office. The standards are very high.
Promotion process can be slow and painful, you have to be a self-starter to identify a team with opportunities for growth and be really proactive about chasing these. Working in remote offices can be difficult from a career p.o.v. depending on what projects are available. Every project I've worked on has felt somewhat Mountain View-centric, you have to adapt to that. Obamacare is dragging health benefits down (across all companies, or so we're told).
It all depends on your immediate team and manager. Google is so big now that anything you say about them is not true of different area good or bad.  Google wants everyone to live in Mountain View or New York with a total disregard for there ability to afford to live there.
It is hard for a company to compete with the cheaper lower quality competition.
There are no cons that I can think of. It's a great place to work.
slow, no high-impact opportunity, proprietor skill set.
Huge company now. Can get bureaucratic.
Such a big corporation... Takes time to get things done, working as group or individual from another department.
No work and life balance. Employees over work themselves
Lack of Private Work Room
A little crowd. Working is somehow boring.
No consistent hours. Often called in on scheduled off-days. You can also be call3to work a night shift if you're on the morning crew. Pay could be better
promotions, compensation, smaller offices in remote areas, difficult to ignore the free snacks, too much free food
Culture has become more self-serving than collaborative, projects lack thought
No possibility of growth in the company
Nothing special to note here.
Everything's always crowded. Cafes, bikes, everything. No telecommuting
Depending on what area you're in, work life balance can be a struggle. I think most cons would be individual personality or fit issues, honestly. Google is great, but it's not necessarily for everyone.
Company is becoming big and middle management layer is growing.
My team has week on calls in turns. Sometime the alerts can be annoying to some extent. And some problems were quite challenging to fix.
All the free food is tough to resist :) Google is a big company, so it can't move as fast as a startup.
Work-life balance can be tough. As big as the company is, there are some extra-lean teams taking a lot on. Also need better gender balance in the workforce.
Main offices are in Mountain View.
Google is pretty big now. Sometimes it's hard to tell if any real impact is being made.
sometimes the egos are to much.
Hiring process is very challenging
Office politics, usually not an issue but the "chain of command" can be circumvented for individual gains.
Housing near the main campus is crushingly expensive, without being in a city. Commuting from SF is a long, long way to go every day. Rewards for current employees can't mathematically match up to rewards for early employees.
do not know enough to comment
Perenially competing with some of the smartest people on the planet
Company has grown very big very fast.
Huge organization and you are rolling the dice as to whether you'll get an interesting project and a fun team.
• Only con would be I'm not from California and much prefer my hometown. This is the ONLY reason I left Google. (I wanted to settle down in the same town that I grew up in)
I can not find cons
I am a newbie so I am not as experienced as a lot of the older employers so it is more of a personal thing that a company thing.
Many projects don't make money or are a challenge from a go-to-market perspective so it can be very difficult to attract the talent needed for the role, hiring committee is sometimes our own worst enemy, ad revenue is down and it is felt throughout the organization, there are a lot of jerks and everyone has an edge- they may be ok to work with but you aren't going to make friends here
It can be difficult to make an impact in such a large company or organization.
very competitive, long hours, hypocritical
Working space could be a little bigger.
Some of the delivery drivers are frustrating to work with, the in-store leads act way too entitled because they get to operate the courier phone and give orders.
There are no cons at Google.
outside of india, difficult to select , high competition
No cons i can think of
enjoyed my time with Google
Too many smart people under-utilized Can be way too comfortable, sharp people become dull over time Easy to plateau on learning, due to lack of challenge Can be bureaucratic at times
Promotions are tricky and require a lot of work. In some cases, does not manage low performers well or have a path for them out.
i dont know actually maybe the cons are you dont need to worry about where you can move to and there is no need to move forward
Big company so the effect of person is very small.
Everyone is a snob. And California is backwards
Nothing absolutely nothing. Google works on innovating projects that are thought-provoking, never a dull day.
It's a huge company. It's hard to stay agile and responsive when you've got 50,000 employees.
Google can be just a little stuck up. I worked with Google as part of an company acquisition and the hazing went far beyond the pale - they took out a banner ad targeted at my company with a picture of a pig so discouraging us from eating at their company cafeteria!
Getting too big, everybody becomes bricks.
Nothing to do. Once you get there you could relax.
Must be comfortable with ambiguity and taking initiative
base pay is on the lower end
Great facicilities makes it harder to leave and thus you end up working more hours.
The company should focus more on the development side of they newly hired employees.
Not a con as such but u should be very smart all the time
Zero career growth. Very hard to advance.
Be aware that internal mobility between ladders/locations are very difficult in some departments where internal recruiting is low. CorpEng (Corporate Engineering Department) is one of the top department that is applying this policy since management is only interested in their own benefits. Even you agree with some manager for mobility in other departments, they'll try to interrupt the process. They don't look at employee's career/family perspective. Be aware about department you're joining after interviews.
Too many contractors and people without long tenure
Big company, so that it is getting harder and harder to start own project.
possibly uninteresting projects Hard to standout, hard to promote because people around you all all very good, hard to assume bigger responsibility. Learning curve flats out quickly after the first two years during which you learn a lot of google infrastructure.
Hard to advance, hard to get fun projects
Delicious food results in me gaining weight.
Traffic in Mountain View has gotten horrendous.
Commute to San Francisco, not a sales organization
Long commute from the city. Intense. High expectations to perform. Hard to get a promotion.
Hard work but it pays
Peer pressure is very high.
constant pressure to do more, people work too hard
-Sometimes people are too intelligent things never get done -Bad manger equals many bad days -
Too big and move slowly
Very specified roles. Not a broad range of duties to learn other topics in that field.
-overwhelming at times -long hours -long days
The cons are flipped versions of the pros: Google hires very smart people and then puts them in fairly mundane roles. They used to try to take your preferences into account when allocating, they seem to do much less of this as they've grown. If you're at all purpose-driven, you'll eventually become restless at work, looking for something with more meaning than the project you're on. You could potentially 20% something, but that notion has always applied more to some groups than others, and the company has tended to downplay it in recent years.  More disturbingly, there's a severe opportunity cost to your side projects: their position is that everything that you do in your personal time belongs to them, although that is not what the employment agreement says and would be an unenforceable position in California. They instead get around this by suggesting that everything that touches the web or mobile (and perhaps the desktop as well) is competitive with them. There's a committee that will examine ideas, but it appears to be moribund.  Google has grown tremendously, and systematized to the point where it's a large machine, needing an increasing number of cogs to keep the engine running. The culture has been eroding recently because the company hasn't been able to reconcile it with its growth, and because the company has sidetracked from its core mission and thrown resources at "me-too" projects such as Google+. I predict that this will hurt the company's outlook in the long term, as most of its revenue generation still comes from relatively few core activities which are exposed to market and competitive risks. As it becomes less entrepreneurial, it becomes less able to diversify into new areas, and thus becomes less resilient. I would expect this to take 5-10 years to become apparent (the market would need to shift in a way that causes one of their pillars to collapse), which means that it may not be an issue for most people considering it now.  One other thing I've found is that while they care collectively about their engineers a great deal, they're generally not very willing to go out on a limb to make individuals happy. Food and facilities people are the exception, as they do often take engineers' feedback into account.
The only con is that I wasn't hired directly by them.
traveling so far for work
Overworked, expected to stay late hours
It's getting more political and less performance driven, everyone is trying to build their own little armies to justify growth and promotions instead of building great products that users love.
- Big company inertia - Lack of visibility in all projects - Middle managers are pathetic
-little to no work life balance
Company is very big and can be challenging to make an impact.
Politics are a thing. A big thing Hierarchy is inevitable with a company this big, but it is a huge problem here Self-entitled and pretentious a--holes are around every corner
Not much besides gaining weight :-)
Not many, work-life balance is what you make of it.
With any big org, there's a fair amount of bureaucracy. Google also doesn't do a great job of handling low performers: you sometimes have to carry your co-workers from time to time.
i don't think i have any cons
Company has gotten too large and lots of red tape to get work done. Should be more leadership development.
Compensation is a bit of a black box, but is very competitive to other firms when you lump in all of the other benefits. Politics can be a bit rough depending on the department you're in.
Long hours and stress can be high if you allow it to be so learning to pace yourself is important.
- career management is very hard - too many smart people means your talent is often wasted on trivial stuff - outside of main campus options for advancement are even more limited
Too big to move. Process is very slow.
Tiny workspace. (My desk is 3 feet and there is literally no space between my desk and my boss's desk) Crowded halls full of software engineers.
-Inexperienced middle management -They usually hire degrees over qualifications -The inmates run the asylum to a degree which isn't always good -Extremely competitive (could also be a pro depending on what you are looking for)
They are constantly raising the bar regarding your expected performance.
You learn how to be great at working at a big company with limitless resources. Not a great parallel for any other experience at any other company.
Large. Complex. Byzantine. Legacy. Sacred Cows.
Hard to stand out because everybody so good.
Google is a corporation, it's getting too big. Sometime you may feel undervalued.
Sometimes a great deal of overtime is just expected, hard to have a work life balance at times.
No issues to speak of.
nothing that i can think about
no cons, its freaking Google why would they have one.
Becoming more like a "big company," depending on which department you work in. Becoming more bureaucratic and political.
Overhyped. Not nearly as fun to work in as it seems
Commute is very long. Growing complexity in internal operations.
long hours too much work
hectic work schedule, work life balance is poor
Not growing as fast as it used to be.
hardly any! too big, but always interesting
- Management - I personally experienced the worst management. My boss didn't know how to be a manager, and would always try and steal my work, and then take credit for it later. Super micromanager. His boss way just as bad, and the director of our department is a joke. A lot of favoritism and politics, and ego filled people who think they are entitled.  - Constant reorgs, and the fear of wondering if you will lose you job.  - No growth advancement.  - Bonus was less then promised in offer letter.
Management can have a final say in whether projects get launched or not.
none. there's nothing to say.
Life work balance is nonexistent. Middle management at times has a different agenda from upper management. Promotions are a moving target and requirement change year to year.
Salary is not as competitive as similar positions in other companies. I wish HR would be a little bit more transparent in terms of career planning and position fit.
The cost of becoming big, it does feel more and more crowded. Speed of execution isn't probably as good as a startup and you do feel like a smart part of a very big machine.
Talent management is a mess, too political, very hard to switch department, employer doesn't really care about you as an individual
very conservative in some field
Can not change technology easy
With so much going on at any given time, it can be difficult not to want to be a part of it all and focus on the job you're supposed to be doing.  A luxury of an issue, I know. But there are good opportunities to switch roles and teams.
They fire pretty quickly if you aren't up to par
Not that many to be honest.
Google does so many things at once, is constantly evolving, and has so many talented people that your specific role/impact can get "lost in the shuffle"
Sometimes it can be tough to get hired.
Common issues for big cooperation.
Non engineers are not that respected at Google. Atleast not on par with engineers. Of course, this is true of any company where you join in a team that is not core team of the company. Too bad for the morale, if you are in a non-eng team.  Also promotions happen very late and goes through a long stretched process involving a committee and is not that transparent.
Not room for advancement. They say to apply for positions however you end up staying in the department.
You may feel only a cog in a large machines. Some projects must be done even if nobody really cares. Very limited bottom-up innovation or decisions. There are some amazing projects, really pushing the future, and some less exciting. According to your luck, you may be building robots, or plug-ins for Google Plus.
Out of touch engineers who think yiu should know everything.
It's a large cooperation, so sometimes you are working on a small piece. And even a small launch will affect a lot of user, so you need to spend a lot of time working on details, to make sure you are doing correct thing.
very hierarchical and the stipend is less if you are not affiliated with Harvard
The corporate culture highly values 'scrappy' which frequently means that being thorough and laying down long lasting foundations are over looked in the exchange for being fast.
Big - Google is a big company now. Red tape abounds and causes frustration and slow work. Apathy - With the size of the company, its hard to feel like each individual can make a difference. I've seen that play out by people not caring about their role or project. This is my biggest worry for Google - too much apathy.
Getting too big and bureaucratic, and hence very difficult to have real impact. Most VPs have been around for ~10yrs, so basically churning old leadership without too much new blood - and the old guard are not open to hearing new views, and usually surround themselves with like minded folks. Teams (my experience has been in sales ops and support..gTech internally) are "non-Googley" i.e. reward results vs how these results are achieved. This is a top-down culture. Most sr. mgrs and directors are not good leaders or people managers - lots of cliques, politicking, and naysayers are quickly rejected off the team. Google culture is being compromised.
The work is long, and never ending. You stand on your feet the whole time. You never talk to your manager or even know who your manager is.
- Amazing benefits sometimes serve as "golden handcuffs" for those who ultimately want to be somewhere else. - Performance ratings are on a curve, so you are essentially competing with your talented peers for promotion. Still, despite its pro's and con's, this rating system is common among large companies. Maybe it just feels worse when all your peers are super ambitious and talented. - Especially when it was growing fast, the sales organization underwent SEVERAL reorgs. This is fine if you are flexible and open to change, but still worth noting.
Google is a big company, you need to make sure you're on the right team. I felt suffocated on my first team but LOVE my second (current) team. Some of my friends have had very different experiences because they're on different teams.
Sometimes I feel like I am required to live at work. I would like to spend more time with my family than is sometimes expected of me.
Company has become absolutely huge compared to what it once was and the amount of project churn definitely takes its toll. Hiring is a complete crap-shoot, offers might as well be extended via a pseudo-random number generator.
too big. hard to grow
Not many complaints. More job opportunities at this location would be great.
work- life balance. career advancement, salary raises, bonuses paid out in vested stock that takes 4 years to actually pay out. golden handcuffs  I realized I made a mistake of accepting the job on day 1. I lasted just over 2 years. The stock, benefits and golden stock handcuffs were a large part of why I stayed. Things are done under the illusion of each employee having a voice, and everyone being equitable in the growth of the company and in deciding the direction of the company. This is completely untrue. Our entire department tiptoed around the manager, gave her terrible Googlegeist feedback, and yet, as if by magic her salary grew and grew whist we were told that we had "reached the top of our pay scale tier"  My salary raise was 5 cents per hour in the year that I left. My performance review did not warrant this kind of slap in the face, but my department simply didn't have the funds to pay me more.
Hard to get impactful project, because too many engineers are trying to get it.
none that i could think of at this time.
- Tons of work means difficult to leave work at work.
Lots of bureaucracy, software that is only used internally, not invented here syndrome, and slowly turning into more of a typical large company.
Grown big, slower upwards movement
living in SF bay area
Hmm, nothing important that need to be added
Not much work life balance.
The organization is too flat, considering how fast Google has grown in the last 5 years. Some groups did not promote accordingly and therefore have notable gaps in senior management. Also, I've observed some inconsistent hiring practices over the last year, with my group's upper management hiring people into senior positions that are very inexperienced. It causes a lot more work for the rest of the team, because these managers are unable to make quality contributions. On the opposite side, I've seen a lot of people brought in at levels much lower than they should be. This can be frustrating because the promotion process is not simple.
No Union, no sense of security, horrible working conditions, your not allowed to have a voice. No one seems to know what's going on, rules change every week. There are non stop emails and sometimes even phone calls during your personal time. Even after a 10 hour shift you only get 30 minutes lunch. You often have to perform the role of 3 people at once.
It's a big company, and as with all big companies, there is politics. Career growth is slower than smaller companies.
the whole process a little long, but ok
You need to spend quite a bit of time learning about home-grown internal tools that you'll be using in place of popular, widespread open-source technologies.
There are many middle management positions that lack clear direction.
Big company slug, not as slow as others, but still there.
Google is severely lacking in gender, racial, and age diversity. It can also be easy to let Google consume your life out of work (i.e. social life), for some, though, that may not be a con.  The transition to Larry Page as CEO was rocky, but I think we've come out ok, and employees are generally coming to trust Larry's leadership. Few regret Vic Gundotra's departure.
Upper management with larger than planet egos but with very modest track record.
Fast paced, and stressful at times
If you're not in Mountain View, collaboration and visibility is a challenge.
The noise and density of the Mountain View offices. I'm introverted, and I have to use earplugs or work from home to work effectively.
Work-life balance can be difficult. Google makes it really easy to stay after hours.
Compensation is definitely not the highest in the valley which makes it difficult to live close to work and buy a home you would really like to live in.  Sometimes it feels like there are too many cooks in the kitchen on high profile projects.  As we grow, the perks seem to be lessening. The food is not as good, the christmas present was definitely not as good and it feels like opportunities to feel apart of Google are starting to become more rare.
Lots if A type personalities
a bit routine, execution could be slow sometimes
Occasional excessive bureaucracy. Whiny people
Getting really big. Really noting bad can be said.
I've joined in 2005 and Google in 2005, Google in 2008 and Google in 2013 are 3 different companies. The early years made Google the icon for IT world and it was respectfully so. However as the company grew the engineer-centric and open culture has began to disarray and the people (mostly in mid-to-senior management) that should have never been hired started to erode this culture. Now it is becoming more and more like other big corporations. It is still a great company to work for and far better that most of what is out there, but comparing to what it could have become...
It's gotten very big so there's some politics, although actually in my day-to-day work it's not so bad considering the size.
nah, nothing is bad about
Difficult to get promoted, crazy hours in start-up product areas
Usually hires over-qualified people, slow career progression can be frustrating
None in my role as a Google Student Ambassador.
Nothing was bad about google
Company continues to grow quickly, which can cause stress on internal dependencies.
nothing to complain about, everything about the company was great and ran to perfection. i would suggest everyone give google a good look at them because they are a great company to work for.
Customer Service should be improved
-A lot of progression and advancement in the company may be stunted by politics -Salary may be less than ideal -A constant pressure to innovate
Difficult work life balance at times
Long hours away from family if you have it. Feeling lesser if you dont work extremely long hours. Stock options not very valuable since they got so big
is still a business - there is the usual baggage (politics, personal clashes, etc.) though probably less than most companies
Less compensation every year. Hired too rapid
High emphasis on technical and less emphasis on other skills. If you are a Back-end guy this is the place for you but if you are a front-end and UI person there is less respect to your work.
No Work Life Balance, Stress and fast pace
So many nerd. Sometimes, very hard to communicate.
Constant expectation to keep advancing career.
I will lose my seniority, but I do not mind to start a new carreer
Because the perks are so good, you don't realize how much of your life becomes defined by your job. Especially for those who start at Google early in their careers. Best advice would be to ensure you have a lot of life outside of work that are in "Google-free" zones.
- can be humbling at times - a little harder to get stuff done than 3-4 yrs ago - overly dependant on one business model and search
-Becoming a bigger company -Promotions can be frustrating
Not enough opportunity for growth. Very hierarchical structure
- Impostor syndrome: The flip side of working with so many smart and effective people is that it can be difficult to recognize your own value, if you're used to being the smartest guy in the room and suddenly you're surrounded by people who are at or above your ability, that can be a bit of a blow to the ego. I eventually worked through this, but it took the better part of a year.  - Slow ramp-up: One of the drivers of impostor syndrome for me was that it took me a lot longer to find my footing and get effective here than at other jobs. Some of that is on me for not asking more questions, but I think more proactive support from leadership might have helped. The environment at Google is very unique and there's a lot to learn before an engineer can get things done.  - Living in a bubble: The perks and so on make life at Google very comfortable. I can imagine that leaving that bubble will get difficult.
Some slow-to-respond, out-of-date information to leverage politics between team leads. Contractors have minimal access to corporate knowledge base.
Bad work life balance, buses aren't on time
+ Can sometimes seem like there are too many smart/driven people trying to each make their individual mark, such that collaborative efforts suffer + The culture seems to be based on the bet that if you bring a bunch of smart people together, something great will happen. Rely much less on strong top and middle management that drives things in an organized way with a coherent vision. + There are many unsuccessful efforts in the company that are rarely talked about. And many cool things are talked about and pre-announced way before they are ready or even before it becomes clear how likely they are to actually happen.
As the company is growing rapidly, and investing in various new technologies, its no longer a company where a small team can launch a game changing product.
pretty stressful, long hours, and sleep deprived
It's really important to stay ahead of the group I support, but given things change on a daily basis, priorities are never the same from day to day. I don't consider this to be a con, but its something to consider. You must be adaptable as well as have a great sense of humor.
Don't have any cons to add
It's a huge company, lower level position can sometimes be out of the loop. Internal communications is not always done most efficiently.
None that I can think of at this time.
The work efficiency is low, the management level is low, bureaucracy.
Some people aren't happy in their current roles and don't know how to navigate a change.
Start up companies can be a bit of a hasel in regards to stability
if you get stuck on a horrible team, your product can just get dumped in the trash after years of hard-working (seen it in person to some PMs)
Becoming a big company, no longer a place for fast innovation
I don't think there are any cons
Hard to get internal promotion
- Things move pretty slowly. Projects can take years to ship. - Your experience will depend on your team. I've heard wildly different stories of Google experiences from people on different teams.
Red tap and bureaucracy with management in marketing
Can take time to get things done Lot of google specific technology Lot of projects getting scrapped
Sometimes you are surfing too much.
Big company feel at times.
None cons in this google !
nothing is a bad in this company
well , it's becoming a huge company and overwhelmed somehow with some unskillful south asians.
Unstructured environment provides freedom but a lot of confusion and redundancy as x-team communication is poor.
None, no company can outshine Goolge.
none such a great company to work for
Expectation is to perform. If you're looking to coast, Google is not a good place. The best rise to the top so get ready to work hard.
none really, some condescending people.
It's becoming bigger and bigger. I would rather it stays small but with great momentum. More people does not mean more efficient.
Scale - the company has grown a lot. Commute is bad from everywhere.
Should work and improve the hiring process
Hard to move up, very political at times, career advancement not always based on merit alone.
As the company grows promotions are harder and internal politics increases. Interview process is very long (I had 14 interviews and it took months). But hands down it is still the best company to work for in the whole world, period.
becoming too big, difficult to see precisely how and where you're creating/having impact, unclear career ladder, grunt work for new hires
Google is relatively too big now
Despite being an extremely competitive place to get a job, the compensation is astronomical.
horrible management, no training, too many people and not enough hours to work
It's starting to become a little less firm in its moral stances and starting to bend with the prevailing political winds a little too much. In other words, it's starting to behave more like a multi-billion dollar international corporation than a passionate silicon valley technological trail breaker.
Any , perhaps to earn less than in a big investment bank but not every one car become a trader or a banker
Becoming so slow, that if you're not Director & above, it's very hard to get things done.
It's a flat organization, which means it's difficult to get promoted or get a fancy title.
You compete against the best. So harder to grow. Too large. Hard to get noticed unless you are a rockstar.
None, if you work hard consistently. Problems only occur when you're not.
Overrun by McKinsey consultants, sales culture is not "fun," executive management keeps people on their heels, not their toes
It's harder to make a big impact now that the company is so large
- In some parts of the company, can start to feel like a 'big company'
Career development is difficult depending on role.
Political in terms of promotion Metrics are used to track performance to a tee - at least 8 different metrics were added to performance assessment in the span of 6 months
#1 performance matters, you will have to work hard, work smart, and grow #2 it can be very demanding and ask a lot of you, require long hours sometimes
Many opportunities are only available in Mountain View.
need some time think this one
Cannot honestly think of a single one
Traveling-lot of it all the time, bad if you are married and have a family
gotten more corporate. lots of people to convince to make substantial changes.
Located close to big cities
You can feel that it's a really big company now - difficult to advance & a lot of red tape
Wildly disorganized to the point where your team, product + general efficiency suffers.So you remain frustrated. HR treats employees extremely poorly. Very difficult to get promoted. Absolutely no work-life balance whatsoever. I thought this was the dream, but was very disappointed in my experience at Google.
While the salary looks high, it actually isnt so great once you factor in taxes and housing prices of the Bay Area.
benefits lead to a lot of entitlement among Google employees. not only does this have an impact on workplace expectations and dynamics, it also affects the larger communities within which Google employees operate. also it is important to remember that as much "good" as Google does, it is a for profit company that makes its revenue selling ads. it might be worth billions now, but that continues to be its bottom line.
I didn't notice anything bad.
1) Org Changes: 'How Google Works,' by Eric Schmidt and Jonathan Rosenberg does not reflect Google reality. Reorgs take 6+ month and no decision gets made. Resulting in people being idle. Not every manager supports 20% projects. 2) Poor People Managers: Company is large with a lot of middle management not adding value and just delegating. Groups are created because an employee with double digits wants his/her favorite to have a team. Employee feedbacks are not addressed and management pays lip services to fix real issues. HR needs to work for the employee and not leadership team! "Don't be evil!!!" HR needs to represent the PEOPLE and remove leaders who have less than 50% YoY approval ratings or significant turnovers in team
Very tough for work/life balance. Difficult to navigate given the large, fast-growing corporate culture. Some very arrogant colleagues that weren't always collaborative and made the culture cut-throat at times.
Of course you do have the information of the world in your hands, this can put some pressure on you.
Google is proud of its startup-like environment and that comes with hectic and chaotic work at times. Promotion can be tough.
- if you're in the wrong team with a poor VP or director, you'll see a lack of vision and a waffling product roadmap
Difficult to break through the culture of high performers and academics, People are busy and not always available to help, Product suite not completely integrated into Enterprise Solutions
Compensation is actually not competitive for Non-Eng positions which leads to a high turnover. Due to this there are plenty of "average quality" employees which was quite bit of a surprise to me.
Requires "genius" thinking (not my problem, only for those who apply to this) Tons of competition
Satisfaction is project-by-project, team-by-team. While you can certainly move teams, happiness is a gamble that many would prefer to not take.
- Performance tracking is a little more cut throat then I'd have liked, with the risk of quickly escalating work environment between peers from friendly competition to rivalry - With so much going on, it's easy to get lost in the noise. This company was founded on DATA! and making it meaningful and available, that means you need to have proper organizational skills going in so you can effectively manage your time and make every work second count!
Very deep bench -- if your ambition is to become a CEO, you *won't* satisfy it at Google
Large that hard to show impact to the business
Terrible place for career advancement and developing new skills: promotions are more difficult and much less frequent vs. similar companies and are just as political...95% of folks are top overachievers anyways, so competition is fierce and slots are few. Flawed leveling/stack ranking process inhibits growth, opportunities to transfer, and eventually impacts sense of self-worth and work ethic (burnout is inevitable as mentioned). Little to no impact/meaningful work at less than a Level 6. For context, if you're hired as an L2, it'll take 15+ years to achieve an L6 - and then you can be a middle manager. Woohoo! Sure, you can transfer (not easy though), but you'll be doing the same menial clerical work for a different division unless you level up and you'll have to restart your promo clock all over again. Re-orgs are every 6 months, delaying/killing career traction. Layoffs do happen here, but company keeps it quiet. Culture isn't for everyone: very snobby, often distrusting - company culture outside of walls is face value-only. Peers are collaborative only for promotions sake. Lots of bureaucracy and conformity, very corporate culture. Poor camaraderie outside of office. Terrible internal systems. Proprietary Google CRM is a joke. Transfer packages are terrible, HR always finds ways to negate merit increases when transferring by lowering salary, relocation packages are bare minimum (but most people here come from money, so that's ok I guess). Slowly turning into a conventional company, bloated middle-management doesn't ruffle feathers, protects selves vs. team/good of the company. Benefits are decreasing as company grows and becomes more conventional.
The work life balance isn't what it seems, you really do need to work extremely hard to get ahead. It's in the advanced stages of becoming another big company, so you've really lost the sense of intimacy and flexibility that came with a smaller company. The reorgs that happen every 2-3 years get old after awhile as you're constantly reshuffled to new teams and managers.
the pay is low if you do not have a lot of traffic to your website.
Google is a fast moving and constantly evolving environment. This can be a strength or it can be a weakness, depending on your ability/ desire to keep up..
Senior management seems to loose interest in initiatives easily. Culture isn't as good as everyone thinks. Lots of egos.
Too many cooks in the kitchen at the employee /junior manager level. Constant changing of direction and priorities. Hard to focus.
Large company now makes getting things done slower.
life work balance is not so good
- Google is getting bigger and more liks a corporation
No sense of overall direction. No sense of ownership of achievement. Makes you feel like a tiny cog in a giant machine. 1000's of genius engineers with nothing better to do than pick on each other.
training, onboarding, some department's culture are not Googley and could trap you in an area that prevents you from moving to other areas, commute from SF
Google has gotten really large, and depending on where you are in the company, some bureaucracy and politics can get in the way. The company is very conscious of it, though, so it's less than you might see at other companies of this size. Launching is also the main emphasis -- it's hard to hire some of the brightest people in the world and ask them to just maintain some code base. Almost everyone is very entrepreneurial and always want to be working on new things, so maintaining things and following through of things can sometimes be difficult.
There are literally no cons to this internship.
Huge company with a lot of bright people results in a lot of constant competition
The politics.... Google, being that it is becoming so large, the game of favorites tends to be played alot. I've never had to encounter this being a problem for myself, but have seen this happen to truly qualified team members surrounding me. It can have a college feel to it at times - Gossip, Gossip, Gossip. (but, that can be said for all companies at some point)
Entitlement, damaging competitiveness, and misogyny just to name a few. Throw an ineffective HR team in the mix and it is actually not a very supportive or pleasant place to work. I worked in a group that was dominated by men who actively did not like women. My male boss actually stated in a 1:1 with me once that he though several recent promotions were to fill some sort of "promote women quota" and that some of the women promoted did not actually deserve it based on their performance or skills. He actually said this to me, a woman. I did mention this to my HRBP and her response was "do you want me to do something about that?" A completely inappropriate response. Only young white men from top level universities and very masculine women were hired into our group, I was reorganized into the group my second year at Google and was shocked and disturbed by the environment on the team i joined. Work life balance was a joke and the only appreciation and recognition I received was from the internal client groups I supported. I would not recommend working at Google to anyone and would say that women in particular need to think long and hard before going to work there. I think there is a lot of bullying, bias and harassment happening in the group I was in and HR should know about this as many people have raised it and no action towards improvements are being taken.
Not all jobs at Google are great. Some of them might be on bad projects or ineffective teams. If this happens to you it's probably in your best interest to transfer to another team.
Lots of people, can get lost
- Complicated cross-functional organization design - company is organized around products vs. marketing & sales. Hard to coordinate and move people across functions to action
Employees don't feel comfortable/safe giving feedback about managers because they're too protected by the next manager. Be wary of who your hiring manager will be.
Sometimes there is too much complexity built up to do something simple. You can often fix that, but it may be hard to orchestrate work across geographies and teams since many people have loads of work.
Not a good company to work for.
Haven't found any cons yet
non responsive managememnt. also, difficult to advance
Almost cult like employee following
Gets a bit political as you climb up the ladder. Not toxically so, but still annoying.
It is getting a big company - so politics is creeping in, a lot of slack in pockets.
Cost of living high In California.
not much growth space, no good career path
High stress, fast-paced environment. Getting so big that it can feel very bureaucratic.
Long hours, not enough remuneration, upper management little arrogant but apart from that, a great place to work and learn and gain experience.
The only con is that overall, if you are not interested in Sales, there is very little opportunity outside of New York or Moutainview which can lead to lack of a long-term career.
Hard to find free time outside of work. My family started to become distant and I came to the realization that I needed to spend more time with them. Hopefully Google will offer more work from home and vacation opportunities.
Management doesn't seem to care about anything except making themselves look good to their superiors. They have their little clique of cronies that make decisions behind the scenes without any input from the worker bees. Few opportunities for career growth, unless you kiss the proverbial ring.  FTE compensation is mediocre and heavily stock-driven. If you stay for 5-10 years, you'd be set from accumulating Google stock...anything less than that and you are making below industry standard. Bonuses are laughable for high performers.
Upward mobility is hazy Compensation isn't what I expected
Promotion and micromanagement on the recruting team for tech
grows relatively steadily and stably, possibly fewer opportunities here than in startups
should have more input in the contracts they hand out to various companies like astreya
tougher and harder to compete
difficult work, takes time, can be stressful
Very smart people in all divisions, can be hard to stand out at times. Lots of brogrammers and Stanford kids.
It's a big company. Hard to make an impact outside your project / team, and easy to get lost. If you're entrepreneurial and want to act like an owner at a company level, this is not the place for it.
Many new things to learn
Vague career path for TA professionals,
Competence of directors varies from team to team, bureaucracy can be a challenge.
micro managed, little personal life, work up to 60 hours a week and terrible benifits
Can't bring my dog, traffic is bad
Offices only in places I don't want to live.
The company has slowed down to the point of frustration and re-orgs are far too common.
Sometimes the direction can be a cluster...
don't know yet, will find out inevitably
Everyone, and I mean EVERYONE wants to ask me questions about Google, if I like it, is rumor XYZ true, ... etc. Also, just about everyone within 3 degrees of me in places like LinkedIn have asked for jobs. Even the Barista at Peets asked for a job.
Cons? whats cons? There are no cons of working at Google
which I can work remotely a few days out of the week. Too many projects at one time
Absolutely loathed the commute from SF. Huge time suck from my life. Politics left me tired. Couldn't focus on the product.
office moves are frequent to find room for growth
It's such a big company that it is impossible to keep standards high. As a result there are people there that should be fired but can't because a large company is an easy target.
very big. have a little bit stuff can be determined by you
work on small things, lots of doc/design reading
Nothing negative. Just personal relocation.
Time was always a problem. The clocks never worked.
Inconsistent, sometimes poor personnel policies. Lots of hiring hiccups. Not a company designed for people over 35. Many current employees will give Google 5 stars, but note: when it's good, it's very good, but when it's bad, it's incomprehensibly bad.
Some problems are challenged and sometimes it is hard to meet the requirement.
crowded, competing for talent, remote offices
Amateur management. Beyond the point of being disrespectful at times. I've seen this from the top leadership time and again. Eventually I had to leave because of a conflict with personal values. Funny thing is, those at the top were simply there first/ longest, and they are generally less competent than many of the most junior employees. Heavy bureaucracy. Kinda ridiculous to see how tactical management can get (I mean,the CMO providing feedback on a product web site), and the sheer lack of a well communicated strategy for the business (ie, I do think Larry sets a good company vision and priorities).
Google is beset by internal competition -- the atmosphere of constant review pushes people to primp their resumes and do things to look better and make their competition look worse. Unscrupulous, loud people are rewarded, while ineffective people are treated similarly to those that actually do great work. The company is full of managers who don't really know how to manage.  Working conditions offer no privacy and detract from concentration: wall-less elbow-to-elbow bull pens.  Corporate Management insists on recruiting mostly at headquarters (Mountain View) despite the growing issue of insufficient housing for new hires. Employees live in the substandard housing nearby or yoke themselves for life to pay a mortgage on some place nice.  Worst of all, much of management is running out of ideas. Almost every product they've produced was brainstormed fifteen years ago. The dream of the "Star Trek" computer is basically accomplished, and they now have tens of thousands of software engineers to employ doing... what, exactly?
No cons or negatives at all
This may not apply to the entire company because my experience was in the Human Resources department. It has become bureaucratic and very political. Maybe this is part of being a 50,000+ company. There's too much red tape that slows down the ability to get things done. Also, success is becoming dependent on who you know and how much you sell yourself. It's no longer about your accomplishment or abilities. Title and level are becoming more important.
Since it's becoming bigger and bigger, you get the feeling that you're contributions are not making a big impact. Which leads many googlers to leave after 18 months.
Everyone is super-smart and constantly tries to prove it, which can be very tiring Once you scratch the surface you realise that there are too many projects and not enough people to do them.
Very free, and some become not productive.
If you end up on a project you aren't all that interested in or a team you don't quite mesh with, you may not enjoy your work as much as you could if you were placed on another team/project, though it seems fairly painless to switch teams if you aren't enjoying what you do anymore.
At many times wanted a more rigid environment.
Some managers are great technically, but have no people skills whatsoever. Also, the level of work and output by your peers is very high. You have to learn to work smart to make your work-life balance fit. This means learning how to effectively use the tools (which takes time, but they're really good), to build discipline to avoid spacing out on random websites, and actively managing your time. You also have company policies (easy to work from home, flexible hours) to make that happen.
Work, work, work, work, work, work and more work. Life there is tough, don't let the benefits suck you in, because behind the fatherly support, is a more ulterior motive to keep you there long, long hours by taking care of you so well. Work / life balance is tough. If your young with no life outside of work, this is a dream come true. With a family of young kids, think before you jump ... but there are worse things like doing the same hours in a likely to fail start-up so it is not all bad.
Not much change in pay until a very long time . Pay is good but stagnant
Capricious high-level management direction, some projects don't make sense. Working across many time zones in distributed offices is challenging at times.
Individual team/group culture varies widely, some are a lot more "fun" to work on than others.
nature of work is more rote than it used to be (what with the onset of "big company culture"). harder and harder to be heard over the sea of voices despite (or perhaps because of) open culture.
poor work-life balance for higher-level employees. if you are a higher-level hire with a masters degree you will find a high level of expectation from you starting on day 1, disorganized on-boarding training programs for new hires leaving you to sink or swim and figure things out on your own,
The way the operation was ran was by far the worse
None that I can think of off the top of my head.
If you want work-life balance, you have to be the one to take the initiative. It won't just be handed to you.
-Big company, Political environment. -Quantity get higher precedence over quality. - Google Recruiting culture is different from the company.
It is becoming very big and the perks are slowly falling off. This also makes it go slower than previously
It's a really big company, and suffers some inevitable big company problems like politics and internal mobility an be more difficult than one would imagine.
It is extremely competitive here.
Promotion seems to be a question of meeting the official company roles and responsibilities for each level, rather than contribution to the bottomline. People skew younger, which can be a drag on getting things done because 90% of people seem to be on the wrong end of a generic working life learning curve (rather than actually learning about new products and figuring out how to sell them).
It's become a big company. It's one of the best, if not the best, big company in the world, and I still love Google. But if you're ambitious and really want to be in the ground floor of exciting new projects, Google isn't always the easiest place to do that.
Pretty big company and hard to learn what everyone else is doing
Contractors get paid more than FTEs
mundane work not vibrant not much people interaction
Big company issues - hard to grow scope and have an individual impact.
Felt pigeonholed in my roll.
Disorganized management Arrogance and complacency are rampant (think Micro$oft in the 90's) You can't trust your co-workers A collection of failed attempts to diversify, kept afloat by one cash cow (depressing to everyone not working on search) Most managers actively sabotage your efforts at working on a 20% project -- very frustrating.
Internal competition, more top down these days than before, but still better than any other company outside. Too many Directors (compared to T7s), many incompetent ones, very difficult to move up in some part of the company, which serves as a reason why competent people leave.
It can sometimes be a little stressful, because there's a lot to be done. Hours can be long.
Sometimes, hard to get a promotion. The work itself can be very challenging, and at times, colleagues may not be willing to help get you through tough codes or working experiences.
upward mobility is stagnant. perks can make most complacent and satisfied with their role level for years with no title promotions.
the cost of living in the bay area and the long working hours make it tough to continue motivation and standards
Demanding bosses No connection to any one inside low sallaries.
Little leadership. Hours can be long, but hey, that's life.
The work itself can be lame in many areas of the company. Constant evaluation and stack ranking. Frequent feeling that what you do doesn't help the company. Many, many layers of management.
Growth stagnates after certain level.
Google can be extremely competitive and is unrelenting in its pace. More importantly, for senior or mid level management you can hit a glass ceiling. The company is very product / eng driven which can at times be frustrating for sales & marketing people. Google is not organized structurally for employees looking for GM or P&L experience. It's too functionally structured for that. If you want to eventually manage a business then unless you're a product / eng person this might not be the right place for you.
Can't think of any cons!
There aren't really any cons, It's just hard to advance if your not in a top project team.
I just can not find one con for this job
The bottom-up culture is not for everybody.  It can sometimes feel chaotic, as if managers can't decide what they want. That's because the culture of the company is "try things and see what works." It is a good company if you thrive on uncertainty and autonomy, it is less good if you are looking for clear, consistent directions.
not a lot of growth and minimum pay
You haven't seen politics like this Neverland before. Rich people that got in early, or industry professionals who have had too much reality to adapt is the norm. Ivy League MBAs are a dime a dozen. Egos are huge, and sometimes warranted. You will feel small time, and like an idiot for a long while after you start.
- Management - Lack of career pathing - No work life balance
People in the office were a little snooty tooty or stuck up.
Management sucks, and the company direction is heading south. They're focused on competitors that aren't real, and on the wrong forms of public opinion.
It's a big place, spread out across many locations. Though it's a positive when it comes to travel, it can be a little challenge for getting to know others and to be known yourself.
Google will let you balance your life, but unless you're really good, expectations are high and a lot of overtime will be needed to reach up the ladder. Google won't force you, but it is still a meritocracy.
Worst part is the interview process, but once you get past that there's very little to complain about. There's a bit of bureaucracy associated with larger companies, but not nearly as bad as at other places of similar size.
work-life balance issues, high living expenses
Getting stuck in the middle of bad management really turns your work life upside down.
Sometimes the management is well structured.
moving slow growing into a big company
WLB can be tough, sometimes. They give you a lot of leeway and expect a lot in return. Creating the future has a price, you know.
Keeping up with the ever changing world of google
Not much in terms of team. Each person out for themselves.
- The company is getting larger, and can be harder to navigate - Everyone would be a top performer anywhere else, which raises performance standards and stress - As the company grows, everyone starts to feel a little more anonymous
No real cons come to mind.
Hard to make a difference.
Too large one can get lost in the megaplex. At higher levels it can get more and more political. Not much use of open source infrastructure beyond Linux
Everybody is smart, so it does get very competitive. Promotions get unduly given to folks at times. There is a strong focus on operating efficiency which is good, but it does tend to clash with the free-flowing culture of the company.
I don't have any cons right now. Maybe that it's a bit hard to understand career paths but that's super minor
Company is now big which means more processes.
Job can get a little redundant
Everyone I've worked with is incredibly smart (and nice). I don't view this as a con but if you are used to being the big fish in a small pond it might be an adjustment.
The review process, at least when I was there, was very time-consuming and after a while it seemed to lose meaning,
Well I can't say much but when you start out it may be very nerve racking but with the help you get you can feel right in the community!
No clear guidance on career progression
Big company so scope of responsibility is not as big
Even the best big companies have some amount of politics and some amount of duplicate or discarded work. Plus, when you've got a lot of people working on something, the work is sharded into smaller and more specialized bits, and some of those are naturally less interesting than others.
Overheads of checking in codes, politics in certain groups. Sometimes people are spending a lot of time working just on trivial stuff.
Hard work, stressful situations with management.
Hard to feel like you make an impact, convoluted career advancement procedures (need to always be strategizing around leveling up). Since the company is so big, you have to make a concerted effort to grow your skill set outside of your immediate world.
- You can feel that it's a really big company now - difficult to advance & a lot of red tape - Most opportunities are in Mountain View HQ - a horrendous commute no matter how you swing it if you're living in SF -Many teams have an 'ivy league only' culture that can be stifling -Email and meeting culture can be real time sucks
Work/Life Balance is extremely hard. I don't know why they insist on turning us into slaves. If you have a bad manager, your experience will surely be ruined.
Busier than most big companies, which is both good and bad
Not quite as exciting as some other companies. Food isn't as good as it used to be. You might be exposed to the tiniest bit of politics if you make it high enough. Nothing but first world problems.
There is no con about google its amazing
Sometimes the environment is too nice. As changes cascade down from top management mid level management does not speak up and question or say no. This is not different from other companies, but with the culture there you would not expect it to happen so often.
* Lots of competition from all the very smart coworkers. Promotions are challenging.
Expectations are high, and processes can get in the way. People tend to have strong opinions.
Influx of consulting arrogance at the senior levels. Competitive.  Regional offices are not quite like Mountain View.
If you get stuck with a bad manager, it can really ruin your experience a bit. Need to know how to navigate the corporate structure in order to be successful.
Because the bar is so high and the pool is so talented, it seems that sometimes people would would excel at other companies have a hard time keeping up here.
Promotions are very hard to get
You won't work at the speed of a startup, even if you join a small team.
None :) The culture was decent and the pay was great. I really liked this company and I am trying to work for them again it was awesome.
Very corporate now. The company is hierarchical and there is little to no access to management at the top. Long hours and no work life balance.
The sales org is a big bureaucratic mess. Most decisions are made by upper management with a very short-term focus - and everyone has to play along - to get that director his/her next bonus. Promotions are 100% driven by politics vs. how you perform in your core role. There are much better parts of the company to be in - but you won't be able to get in to them in the Ann Arbor office. The good roles are all centralized in Mountain View. HR here is evil. Any move you make, they will look for ways to claw back your merit increases and even make you sign that you will not negotiate salary if you get an offer. Then give you a poor offer.
Company is getting big, and not everyone is moving as fast as we were before. There are clearly hierarchy, and most of time it doesn't equate bureaucracy but sometimes it does .
Low attention span means that projects change a lot, but that also means faster innovation so its a double edged sword
work longer time than normal company
The fabulous perks are there to keep the highly skilled employees complacent while they perform the menial, repetitive, labor that is required to keep the machine running. On any given eventing, many a Googler can be heard lamenting his/her under-stimulating project at any given Palo Alto watering hole.
Company is getting huge, hard to navigate organization. I still believe its one of the best run large companies but at some point an organization will just get too large and loses the agility and speed that it had before.
Difficult to move up and take on more challenging roles. Not a great place to begin a career outside of engineering
communication is all over the place
Not as much freedom to innovate as one might expect. The quarterly review cycle tends to throw out the idea of trying for a longer term vision.
While company is great, your particular team and work experience could be awful. You could work really really long hours and pick up the slack for the rest of the team. Many managers hire accomplished and seasoned staff, primarily, to make up for their own lack of experience and knowledge. So you may find yourself without proper guidance, and in the position of a workhorse. This company is best for people who join fresh out of college and grow within the org....many others, will be taking many steps back in their careers and work hard and long on a job that can be frustrating just to be a 'googler'.
None. I mean it. It is a corporation now, but still most of the things are very very reasonable
Bad management, some leaders take things not so seriously
Too many people doing jobs they're overqualified for. This leads to increased employee dissatisfaction and turnover. It can also cause a bit of overhead as intelligent people look to inject meaning/impact into low impact roles. Also be cautious of the job descriptions when applying. They can be intentionally vague and you may end up doing something you have absolutely no interest in. Far too often have I seen a person take almost any job just to get in the door and end up miserable.
People are human, they are not technology slaves.
No specific order: Smartest people in Junior roles causes complacency Jealousy: Concept/ idea stealing, lack of integrity. The way Temps / Consultants are treated as 2nd class citizens People get lazy and tend to meet virtually in the same building. = no human connection Not friendly people that sit around you don't say hello and if you do, wow the strangest reaction! Abundance of younger (mid 20's) fresh out of MBA programs= no real job experience. The Google High lasts about 2 weeks then you realize all the perks are to cover up the companies incompetence. Unless you've been with the org for years it's nearly impossible to set a career trajectory If you don't work under a product team you're just background.
Those coming straight out of college, note that having Google on your resume is fantastic, but this role may not be ideal for you if you're not interested in Sales. It requires a lot of cold-calling and internal movement may be harder than you expect.
sketchy. too many high paying jobs
Speed of projects slowing down as company gets bigger (more politics, processes to follow, etc.) Growth, promotions, and challenges also slowing down as company grows
The entrance exam was very difficult and there were alot of background checks undertaken before the job was actually started. This made for a very stressful first impression but quickly got better as the process progressed.
Speed of execution results in acceptance of short attention spans
I don't actually feel like the smartest person in the room while im there. its odd for some people (ie me) to adapt to. lol.
Because it's a big company, you have to retain your own "Start-up" drive and motivation. You could just drift along if you aren't proactive. But if you are proactive, wow can you get things done and go places. It just takes a little internal motivation.
Constantly working, not a great work life balance.
No as such, Very good organisation
It's a corporation, so there are definitely some predictable minuses that come with that: it's not as nimble as a start-up, there is some unavoidable bureaucracy, etc.
Depending on role, can be very narrowly focused at times.
long hours at a small office
people think they are better than others. Hard to get things done
Honestly, I can't see any major cons here in Google. As I mentioned above, it's very pleasant place to work in.
- As my department grew they started having too many middle management (several 'directors' in one team? really?) and it was not really clear why they're here. - Too many re-orgs just for re-orgs sake, or just to create some work for those managers. One team I worked with were bounced back and forth between 3 different departments within 2 years because of this.
Work-life balance can be tough, specifically in some of the central functions (my experience). I believe a lot of that issue stems from Google being able to attract the absolute best talent in the world who are expecting a fast "startup-like" career trajectory. That's simply not possible anymore given the size of the company, so political maneuvering and passive-aggressive face-time cultures have begun to emerge on some teams. A corollary to that is the feeling that change within Google often happens only for the sake of change (or because someone needs a platform to show "impact" and get promoted), not necessarily because it's needed. The company has the luxury of not really having to prioritize, so this type of thing isn't implicitly discouraged, but imagine what else Google could do if it did prioritize a bit more!
There can be an atmosphere of one-upsmanship sometimes, when egos come into play. There are a lot of strong egos at Google.
I can't help but feel that I and everyone around me is overqualified for what we do. It's great that internal mobility has been easy for me in my years here, but not great that it sometimes is more about escaping boredom than it is finding new exciting challenges. A co-worker recently left after being here only a few months because he lost patience waiting to have been in his role long enough to be able to move to something else.  Google also no longer offers full tuition reimbursement and instead just pays 2/3. I'm glad I finished school before this policy went into effect. They've made the process more complicated and have added more bureaucracy (additional bureaucracy seems to be a trend here).
there are some pretty big egos
As Mountain View (HQ) continues to grow, you spend more time collaborating with others over video calls and IM, making it a more inefficient workflow
Not so super work timings I say
one of the big issues was the lack of flexibility. it is very difficult if almost impossible to get a few days off to travel ext..
As the company has gotten larger (been there since 2007) politics has become more prevalent, especially over "control of binaries". Why build on shared platforms when you can't control it (I think it is silly). As you move up the ranks, work life balance gets really screwy as you tend to work with offices all around the world (at least in my case).
They don't hire contractors for permanent positions, they pay very low
Good management can be spotty. The company has grown quickly which has led to some obvious middle management issues, with certain managers who are ill-equipped to take on a team of people and their work. Constant restarts - people leaving teams after the one-year mark means a new ideas coming in when the roles are replaced which can lead to a change in direction and strategy for a team and its individuals. Not to mention the knowledge loss when a member leaves the team. This happens A LOT.
hard to make your point across
Lots of underperforming long time employees and managers aren't courageous enough to fire them.
Some people can make you feel dumb.
Perhaps the only con is a result of the 'pro' above. There are a lot of people who have only worked at Google and no where else since graduating from college. There is a lack of appreciation for how lucky we all are.
People are getting less Googley over the years.
Be careful being laid off by some reasons you don't know.
No matter what position you're in, coding is key. If you do develop skill in at least one programming language, there are limited opportunities.
Based on the team that you are on, it may be difficult to see the impact that you are having on the billions that use Google. That motivation has to come from yourself.
It's hard to stop working sometimes!
The Company is too big for you to know what each team is working on
Hard to get high impact work approved and done. Sometimes too much re-org and too little long term vision could hurt an organization with substantial size. Mid-management usually is the weak link in the system to constraint innovation, vision and productivity. Promotion system is kind of broken - we have managers/senior people in the team who made bad decisions about product but still got promoted at the exact the same time when the project was canceled - this just confused everybody about whether promotion has anything todo with people's work.
lot of people hard to spend time on one project
hard to make a real impact, difficult to grow professionally
Cannot think of any.
Growth bottleneck exists, the whole FLAT organization was not really true sometimes rapid change can be a bit overkill, it is a bit extreme in my taste
It's easy to feel intimidated by the talent surrounding you.
You will get burned out eventually which is why the majority of the employees don't last more than 3 years. You are expected to work day and night, no matter what role you're in, and be available when away on vacations. Management will stress over and over that they wan you to check out for PTO, but when you do, it backfires and I've had 9 different managers and all were the same. I believe it comes from the culture that you must work 24 hours a day. Majority of the staff is young, and they love to hire right out of college because it keeps fresh ideas but also because they can suck more time out you. The peers you work with are not friendly, competitive to the extreme, and will throw you under the bus during review cycles so their performance review will give them a 1-up during calibrations and promotions. Also, don't expect to get promoted often, if at all. Also, if you don't like company re-orgs then this isn't the place for you. It's expected your job responsibilities will change regularly, as often as they re-org themselves.
Way way way too metrics driven.
After all the interviews, they have nothing to offer you other than status for your resume.
There are few "cons" to Google. One possible thing that can be mentioned here is that Google is a very large company, and it is somewhat easy to find a corner in which to lose oneself. Another possible knock is that Google has a small number of allowed languages. If you want to code in languages other than C++, Java, Go or Python, you'll probably not have much support at Google.
As hard as they work at cutting through bureaucracy, it remains a large company with all the problems that gives. If you're the kind of person that likes to just get things done instead of guiding your project through the companies processes, you may get frustrated.
People are really pretentious. Company is too big now, you're not contributing much
I don't think there are any cons.
The company does not place a lot of value on Temporary Vendor Contractors. They are seen as disposable employees with no room to grow.
-In most orgs there's a glass ceiling for non MBAs. There's too much emphasis on pedigree vs real-world experience. -A serious sense of entitlement/hubris exists throughout, most prevalent on campus where recent college grads operate in a non-reality.
In the sales org, a few things to be wary of: a) the culture has gotten overly political and b) aggressive. I think this starts with Nikesh and works its way through the org
promotions, decision making process, office culture
Slowly becoming a big company, bit of red tape everywhere.
Management of the department could have been stronger, clearer direction, more transparent, rewarding based more so on merit.
Google opened the Kirkland office to poach from Microsoft and Amazon. Looks like they got what they wished for. The office and Google internally is just brimming with politics and useless processes now. All the good Engineers have/will leave very shortly.
Difficult to get good work noticed. Everyone is very smart there of course, and so it isn't always easy to get your work shown at the highest levels.
Lack of opportunities for growth, especially if you're not an engineer in a distributed office.
None. You just have to be very proactive about advancing your career which I actually enjoy
The hours can be very long. Google has a strong Not Invented Here mentality. So you will work with a lot of Google-only code. Everything from the development environment, build system, code review tool, automated test tool are in house only tools. They are all custom developed.
Lot of work. There is no balance at times. People are doing useless work that is beneath their capabilities. However, it is up to you to find out what you can do to contribute to the project.
Career Growth, Appreciates only launches.
Work-life balance can be a bit difficult because of the pressure from executives outside our team, however, leads work to be role models of work-life balance in order to encourage associates to manage their schedules as necessary to protect personal happiness.
There's a lot going on and sometimes work/life balance suffers.
Leadership with ADD, constant change of direction/priorities, reorgs, churn, turnover, duplication of effort, lack of accountability, chaos, etc. that sometimes leads to inferior results, unfinished work, unequal treatment, and burnout. In some offices, overcrowding and poor physical conditions.
If you live in SF and work in MTV the commute is long. Otherwise there are very few cons to working at Google. They've created an incredible corporate environment.
Nothing, I love it. Nothing else to say.
- Manager quality varies immensely from very strong to very weak, bad managers are not dinged if their team delivers strong results (even if Google bleeds talent as a result) - Ability to hire pretty much anyone means that there is a surplus of overqualified, underutilized people, as a result, the workforce has a LOT of unmotivated talent staying for the cushy gig (high compensation, good work-life balance) - Non-engineers are second-class citizens
It's gotten big. People who have dreams of working at startups will find out that Google is now (and has been for a while) a very large company with lots of divisions and layers.
The usual things you run into with a large company, nothing to be super worried about.
Success/Recognition != necc translate to comp and promotions. Politics is very real. There are some really bad VPs who need to be avoided.
Upward mobility within the sales organization is difficult, particularly if you aren't keen on organizational politics. It's very separate from the rest of the Google and has the feel/culture of a consulting firm rather than an org trying to work on challenging and interesting problems. It's so far removed from the business, they've actually moved sales to a completely new campus they built. It literally feels like two companies.  For working at a company with such lofty and ambitious goals, it can be annoying to hear people cite free food as a huge perk, and often times, it can make someone who is looking for something more out of life question the culture. That being said, the free food is quite wonderful ,)
good training, good benefits, acceptable working hours,
• Very competitive and difficult to make career progression • Everyone is overqualified for their jobs. Because everyone wants to work at Google, they can get by hiring candidates with 5+ experience for positions other companies consider entry level.
You can get complacent. Climbing the ladder is becoming tougher and tougher. Expect a title downgrade if you come here laterally. Fair amount of bureaucracy, though not crippling given the size.
It is a big place and it is easy to feel at the bottom of the pile
As Google grows larger more process and bureaucracy set in. Unfortunately the highly selective hiring process has a high false negative rate.
long working hours, feel like a minor part in the big picture, new team opportunity is taken before posted for public knowledge.
More and more narrow work, increasingly bureaucratic
Nothing comes to mind really.
they do their best, there aren't many cons I can think of.
1. Work/life balance is non-existent 2. The recruiting organization is very metrics driven 3. Very political  You're expected to hire an ungodly amount of people AND work on high profile projects or your quarterly performance review could be in jeopardy. The keyword is "high profile." Unfortunately they don't often tell you if the project you're working on is high profile enough until it's too late. Keep in mind that sometimes your projects carry more weight than your core job.  On the political side, friends of managers were promoted (so were their significant others) ahead of people many thought were far more qualified. One case was so blatant that I wondered why no one said anything.  Very senior management did a good job of conveying the overall message but many middle managers were incompetent. One former manager frequently brought coworkers to tears. One new manager told me shuttle time wasn't work time. When I explained I had to work on the shuttle so I could make it on time to pick up my daughter from daycare at 6:30 PM, I was told "not my problem." Keep in mind I was working 9-10 hours a day from the time the shuttle picked me up in the morning to the time it dropped me off at night. Yet I was dinged for not being at my desk for that long because I couldn't be micromanaged.  If you live very close to campus or work/life balance isn't something you're terribly concerned with, then you should be just fine.
Too much talent in one place
None. Really have nothing negative to say.
As the company has grown very fast, some of the processes are still designed for a small company and it is frustrating to make them work for a large corporation In some circumstances, politics start to sneak in
Bureaucracy is a big problem
It's really big and thus you have to do a lot of internal "selling" to move ideas forward. Once you have sufficient buy-in, Google can move quickly, but it can take a long time to get there. Although you generally have really nice colleagues, that doesn't always mean everyone is incredibly smart (IQ + EQ) - that's the price you pay for fast hiring in a big firm.
It's a big company. There's red tape.
The Benefits could be increased around insurance
Sometimes hubris can be a problem - people assume that of course what we do will be the best, because we're Google.
Easy to get lost in the crowd. So many extraordinary people surrounding can sometimes be overwhelming and get to your nerves. But the company has become so big that nobody would care if you just came to work to eat, gossip and take your paycheck.
Great minds think alike, and working amongst so many great minds sometimes it becomes a challenge deciding whose idea is the best.
arrogant people, not product focussed
too much push and stress.
Silicon Valley goes though a major housing crisis. If you don't make $400k/yr. you shouldn't be here.
The working environment is very competitive. It is a big company for starters. Work life balance could be better.
Getting to feel very big.
I came in under an acquisition, excited to take on a new role! I found the acquisition team to be unprepared and without answers. My team members were confused about who even their new managers would be. While no one expected handouts, it was hard to find someone even interested in assisting those who came on with temporary roles. It was starting from scratch to find a place in the big Google world.
no so much bad things about this company
It's a big company which means opportunities for advancement require a lot patience, and it's actually slow to get things done internally as there are a lot of processes, may be becoming more complacent as the company's now a decade old
the perks can also find you always working late hours!
Google has an enormous number of divisions, and I can only speak to the one I ended up in - YMMV. My work area was a warehouse with open ceilings, concrete floors, and metal desks arranged in groups of six people in a workspace. The interview process was generic, so that once you are approved, you go into a pool of candidates from which managers pick new hires. I only had a half-hour phone interview with my future boss before I had to decide whether to take the position. My boss never allowed me to work with anyone on a project to get me up to speed, despite numerous requests for help. He assigned me the task of writing the specs for a major modification which included several groups not in my area - a task I would not expect of anyone with less than two years experience in the division, yet he assigned it to a person with less than four months experience. HR won't let you change groups until you have completed a year in your first position, so no allowance for bad fits is made.
Google's tech stack is big and complex. You will be spending a lot of time figuring out how to plug together various systems and APIs. You may be spending a lot of time looking at various status pages, trying to understand whether your tasks are doing what they should with acceptable performance and why not and which obscure configuration option you need to tweak to make them. A lot of what you will need to learn to do the job will be specific operational knowledge about how to work that unwieldy beast that is Google's infrastructure.  The code complexity is considerable, which means that implementing simple features can take much more time than you'd think it should. It also means it can take a lot of time to get to the point when you feel like you at least somewhat know what you're doing.  The company keeps the copyright to all your hobby projects. They have a system through which you can ask that the copyright be released to you on a case-by-case basis. Sometimes they'll say yes sometimes they'll say no.
Huge company, somewhat bureaucratic
Mandatory code reviews create a government like culture where people can "filibuster" something they don't like by just whining and refusing to approve the contribution until the author gives in.  There is a lack of a single person or team who is responsible for an overall priorities and schedule of a given project. Separate control of various aspects, like feature, UI and code can stunt timely progress of a product.  You have to be competent and self-confident to comfortably work with competent and often hard-headed people.  Interview process is capricious and often rejects well-qualified and valuable people for irrational reasons, like "staying at the previous company too long".
different treatment for contractors (tvcs)
The company is huge, there's no denying it. Larry and his team do a great job of keeping things nimble and making the company feel much smaller than it is, but no one can say it feels like a small company anymore. In a company filled with hard workers and overachievers, it's easy to get too caught up on pay, the performance review process, and getting promoted. This is one reason why maintaining a good work-life balance can be challenging. And as open and egalitarian as Google tries to be, their compensation system is very opaque, which creates an information asymmetry between employer and employee. (Not different from most places, it's just that Google makes itself out to be open, but this is one area where they are not.) Some product groups value excellence and quality more than others, but that's probably true anywhere.
company is a bit too big these years, not as agile as it used to be.
getting too large and in the rat race.
Really big company-- hard to stand out Movement within company is horizontal more than vertical
There is very little emphasis on customers. the majority of folks who work here are motivated by two things: better resume, and tech stuff that one ups other techies.  As a rather high ranking techie from half way across the world, these folks are not at all what I expected in terms of caliber. Communication, people management, keeping a cool head, these things are not common here, and if you have them, they are not appreciated here.  This place is a mecca for folks that can't relate to others very well, but are very technically savvy.  Before you come here there are a few things you need to know: 1) most folks come here because they want to be happy 2) aside from the common knowledge that if you are presently at (be careful of used to work at) Google then you are technically smarter than others 3) Once you leave Google, people will think it was because you couldn't cut it, not because you were amazing. the only way to go is to either A) start your own company (not very common as there is not a focus on customers) B) get poached (very common), but after you have been poached everyone will still think you couldn't cut it at the big Goog. 4) most folks are happy because of 3 things:  A) finding a mate (not very likely at Goog, unless you are hetero female, then game on, except most females here intimidate the guys... lol)  B) making money (yep, you can do that here as well, ironically they don't pay that well for the area: IE you can 3x that in IT Finance or startups, or 2X in places like netflix, not to promote netflix, but they are very interesting if you are heavily motivated by the mulah)  C) making a difference in the world (not super common here)  I know a lot of people who are only happy when talking to other people about their career because they work at Goog, but have pretty much put their life on hold, and their happiness on hold to be here.  Honestly, only work here if you live here. Do not travel to work at Google. It doesn't work out, and everyone ends up leaving to find a mate, more money, Do not move away from family to be here.  Basically work here if you have no other options. If your people skills or business skills are to weak to affect folks, and you are OK not finding anyone special for a few years, and you are OK with really long hours, work here. It is hella good bragging rights to most folks, but once you get high enough in the tech world, it can be a negative.  Actually I should share this as well. the best people at google get poached (startups, other tech companies, etc...) the worst get canned all the people who can fake it stay the people that stay hire other people just like them There are a sea of shitty people growing at Google, beware them, and if one of them is your manager, transfer or leave ASAP, lest you find out the #1 factor of job unhappiness. =)  All in all, if you live in the area, and are just starting your career, please dont let this scare you. This is a great place if you are local, young (22-28), and not interested in finding a mate.  GL out there!
I cannot think of any whatsoever. This company is superlative in every way. If I absolutely had to come up with a con, I would say that the worst part of working at Google is the innate guilt I experience when others talk about their jobs and then ask about mine. It is hard to have to explain to others how amazing a workplace Google provides, and to witness the incredulous looks others give.  (To explain why I am no longer working at Google - I simply left for another opportunity in a different area that Google does have, but I would love to one day return.)
I felt that moving around involved a lot of politics. I always felt like my manager was trying to keep me and others from moving up on the chain. This was very horrible. After I got a new lead, it was a little better, but my time there was limited as I had already put in my 2 weeks notice just before I got my new lead.
New features need to ensure privacy of the user data is preserved to finest detail thus requiring great engineering effort to build something substantial.
- too many smart people, hard to stand out - some buildings are overly crowded and noisy, hard to concentrate - easy to get fact with so many free food
Managers don't seem to be incentivized to help you advance your career. The promotion process is the biggest pain you can imagine, and completely self-propelled. If you're not the type that likes to promote yourself, you'll be stuck at the bottom for a long time.
Lots of energy and time wasted on politics. More people than the work needed.
There are not enough trees in the offices and the fish tanks get dirty sometimes.
There are many projects that get rejected or shutdown because they aren't Google-scale. Any of these projects that gets rejected would be really successful if it was created by a startup. This also means that the bar for launch is much higher.  Google is no longer a startup. It is hard to move fast. We try to balance creating innovative products and a consistent user experience that makes it hard to move quickly as you end up spending a lot of time trying to integrate into existing products.  You are working with incredibly intelligent and incredibly ambitious people. This makes the environment a bit competitive and people focused on what gets them ahead.
Far from san francisco and, event with the shuttles, the commute is hard !
High expectation to achieve. Sometimes what they say the company's values are and what is actually applied don't completely match.
You constantly need to be up to date on the latest in ecommerce.
Can be difficult to switch projects. Some of the work can be boring. Engineering-wise, it's hard to experiment publicly -- too many eyes watching, too much need to scale. Can be hard to get good performance feedback until it's too late.
extremely challenging. peer pressure to always keep building amazing stuff 24 * 7. Too much technology to update yourself with.
Can be hard to move up quickly and often competitive even for internal transfers Lots of really intense type-A individuals, so it can be easy to get caught up in that perfectionist atmosphere HUGE. Just so many people.
Google can be very secretive when releasing new products.
Sometimes I get too wrapped up in my work and neglect other duties, such as going home, but the college-like atmosphere is really great for allowing you to focus on your project and get work done!
- new areas could be ambiguous - some coworkers may not understand the challenges of work life balance with kids even though policy is in place
Free time leaves lots of options for playing minesweeper
You can go elsewhere to get paid more doing the same thing.
None. The place is awesome. No cons to report at this time
If you're not good at self-promotion or awkward in large groups, it can be easy to get lost in the crowd.
under-par life and work balance politics growing by day
- Bureaucracy - Internal systems in constant beta stage - Micromanagement (on Sales) - Little tolerance to failure (on Sales) - Very bad work/life balance (no chance to work from home)
Working in the legal department without a JD creates a glass ceiling in upward mobility (as can be expected from working in any legal environment without a JD)
As the company gets larger, it is increasingly difficult to make a difference in the company.
Getting quite large, tends to make decision making opaque.
- Being clever sometimes slow you down - Priorities between teams are not always on the same page
Commute is terrible if you live in San Francisco and work in Mountain View. May be less fun and rewarding if you aren't on an interesting team/product. In a huge company, some people find they have difficulty feeling like they're making an impact.
Somehow may be hard to promotion
Poor middle management, inexperience and arrogance made life very difficult. Too much time playing and not enough time delivering. Academic prejudice runs deep, politics and back-stabbing is the norm.
Lots of other smart people makes it hard to progress
Big company. There are a lot of people who work here and it's easy to get lost in that.
Can be difficult to get your ideas into a product.
No cons as of now
Promotions in the Ad Ops team were hard to come by. Incredibly competitive, had to outshine your neighbor and be your own PR person. Lots of BS and busy work. No sense of contributing anything valuable to your team. Micromanagement and ever stringent review process - bar is always being raised.
A bit hierachical at times.
Too large, too competitive.
there are no cons at all
PMs own you and they can tell you what to do - you're basically working for them
My department had a confusing and constantly changing management structure.
Not exactly a con, but Google still operates in a start-up pace, even after 15 years since foundation.
Can sometimes have the "big company" feel where you're individual impact can seem overshadowed.
The work you do has varying levels of impact and again, depending on your role, the chance that your work will change is minimal. You are essentially a cog in the big Google machine. Don't kid yourself into thinking that this is a startup-y kind of place, it's not.
If you get stuck with a bad manager, in a chain of people who aim to protect that person, good luck.  Low base salary.  Very hard to advance.  Some groups can be very political.
Career growth/promotions are hard, workcoholic colleagues, work-life balance is difficult
There are so many talented people, there is a huge backlog for promotions and challenging assignments. At this point, most people are overpaid for what they do, so there is not a lot of attrition, making the backlog longer.  It is easy to have a large absolute impact at Google, but the company is so big and successful it is hard to have much relative impact. Even delivering on a $1B business is a drop in the bucket for Google.
I don't have any big cons.
Big company so it takes time to know who's doing what. Difficult to be the best of the best in a place that's full of great talent.
Super hierarchical structure, not a meritocracy. At the end of the day, you're just a cog in a big money-making machine, so your work will be not that interesting. There's a ton of bureaucracy to deal with as well.
It's a temp job so that's the downside.
The expectations to do great things is difficult for a career person who happens to have a family with you children. Time management is a must.
-certain roles can be monotonous -company is huge so naturally there is some red tape (they are very cognizant of this and always trying to improve)
Very much a "drink the Koolaid" culture. There are some days where I just did not feeling like acting "googly."
long distance to the customer
High goals create high pressure.
Big organization without long term goals. Chaos in some teams but not all Managers don't take decisions
Some positions to not allow for much growth or promotion unless you were a manager before coming to Google.
Located in Mountain Spew, not close to public transit, bikes are embarrassing to ride.
Can't really think of any. Just had great perks and amazing people and experiences. Learned from lots of professional people and got great benefits.
Low visibility in your team.
You won't have a WhatsApp level payout day.
Everything is wonderful at Google
Making the transition from a start up to Google was incredibly challenging. Since our product was being moved to the "stack," we had no updates and lost our competitive edge. This made it difficult for our sales teams to succeed, thus eliminating a number of roles.
I cannot think of any cons of working at Google beside the fact that I am not allowed to tell anyone what I do, where I do it, or how long I'll be doing it for. haha
Nothing new coming up that will take on the market like search did.
Sneaking into company events. Explaining that you're not with adwords but you actually have a meaningful project.  The general disdain most googlers have for the adwords crowd.  No job security, low pay, low respect. For contractors.  If you want to try to get a full time job here, don't have other plans for a year. AT ALL.
Takes a lot of time to make an app with this software!?!
Campus is too big need to walk so far. Too many cafes to choose from. Too many buildings to visit.
Start up life might wear you down
Very little structure, wasteful money, over hire people that are not needed.
I'd argue that there aren't any cons
It may be tough at times, as you are competing with very smart people. It feels humbling from time to time!
Increasing demand to achieve results is taking stress to uncomfortable levels, and some managers are having a hard time handling it. Difficult to move to a role out of your area of expertise.
very difficult to advance in the company cult-like
No ownership of work, unclear career trajectories, hard to have impact (small fish in big pond syndrome)
The only con I would site is that it's a highly competitive place, which is to be expected at a company full of Type A personalities.
Highly competitive. Ramp up takes a long time. Promotions are a little bit hard to get.
You must throw your team mates under the bus to get ahead.
Too big already, not a startup feel
Competition can make the work tough
there are really no cons to working in Google. Although it can be tiring at times.
Arrogant employees, better than thou, work you to exhaustion and are never honest about performance
unclear paths to advancement, Goals not always articulated, numerous different managers a different one every 6 months, can feel "cultish" though it would classify as a nice cult
No telecommuting - pretty much the rule. Some peer reviews can be nasty as people are indexed against each other. Management is always given stretch goals.
i cannot think about downsides
Very cult like, uncomfortable if you don't want to buy in.
The culture can be a little inward-looking IMO, also many employees are unprofessional and/or rude on internal communication channels.  The company (and internet advertising in general) seems to get a bad rap from external parties this days, which I believe is undeserved. We seem to do a bad job controlling perception of the Google brand.
Entry-level support positions have little job mobility and lack the glamour of other Google departments
No cons. Company is great to work for
Google's gotten big. Very big. With human nature the way it is, the size leads to the challenges you'd expect -- silos, difficulty coordinating, diffusion of responsibility, culture, etc.  Everyone has to fight against these natural tendencies every day, and it doesn't come easy.  To me, this is the #1 reason why people find it hard to work here. It's a real problem. It can make simple things seem impossible, it can cause arguments, it can seem chafing or even suffocating, and even when people consciously fight these issues, it's not always handled in the best way.
1. Too much peer pressure. 2. Everybody is smart here. Especially some smart no social skill guys really can drive you insane. 3. Things change very fast, you have to keep learning no matter how fast learner you are.
No Ladder growth, many misuse WFH option
As with all companies, sometimes there are issues with managers and coworkers, but we are all adults and know how to deal with such conflict.
Some people don't have a life outside of work and have similar expectations of those around them. Management works to avoid bureaucracy, but as the company grows it's hard to avoid. The rapid pace of hiring has definitely changed the feel of the company.
- the work is not always stimulating or consequential
i see no cons, everything is simple just like the website. everything is just perfect, even the food.
Career progression is a key problem at Google. As the company is so young, so many of the initial employees are still working there, which leaves very little opportunity for new hires to climb the ladder
Working on systems where 98% of it is optimized and you are looking for the 2% efficiency improvement.
I worked at Google for over 6 years and saw a lot of growth during this period. The resulting bureaucracy could be frustrating and certain decisions were nearly impossible to reverse, I often heard statements to the effect of "we analyzed this a few years ago and our decision was X, so we're not going to revisit it now."
The amazing benefits and incredibly stimulating work environment makes it difficult to leave.
Massively large scale means slower development
Relatively slow to get promoted compared to small-sized companies.
Not enough interesting work. Kind of boring. Google is lacking on innovation.
- Politics and bureaucracy were creeping in by 2009 which made life as a middle manager difficult - Long hiring process made it difficult to build up your team
very intimidating-- you're surrounded by some of the smartest people
As the company gets bigger the management is becoming more top-down, resulting in a lot of products or teams not getting enough internal traction to make impact.
Long hours -- people check and send email at all hours of the day!
The company had long hours
It has a Fast paced environment.
Having come over as a junior member on the support team, I was constantly reminded by other teammates that they had worked at Google longer and, therefore, I didn't matter as much. I was astounded by the superiority complex numerous full-time "Googlers" had toward the temps, vendors, and contractors Google also employs. This attitude also was exhibited toward employees who came to Google via acquisitions. Google likes to stress the point of working on personal initiatives and projects. This unknowingly resulted in the duplication of efforts between locations. If it was discovered that a person in another location was working on a similar project, there was usually a meeting to compare initiatives. If the projects were similar and your peers had seniority over you, you were forced to stop your work even after having invested months on it. At other times co-workers actively stole project plans and claimed as their own. On another occasion, one of my personal projects was "taken over" by a manager who thought my project would benefit their current initiative. I was forced to stop work on my project as it had been transitioned to the manager's team. That said, many of the people are actually quite wonderful. Just keep in mind that as Google grows, there are less ways to be noticed and moving up is more difficult which means many people will try to get ahead any way they can.
- pressure to meet data-driven goals sometimes leads to the work feeling a bit redundant. - hanging out with engineers all day, every day, makes for interesting (a)social interaction
paid less because consultant very part time
* Work-life balance isn't good. * Can be very stressful at times. * Doing too many things, which detract from the quality of products and dwindle resources
Getting too bureaucratic and losing original vision
The salary is less than you can get at similar companies. If you don't care about or take advantage of the perks, its especially obvious.
The company is huge and the bureaucracy has ballooned. It is very hard to get things done. The politics are awful. Many people in the org simply exist to promote themselves. My boss only focuses on how to make himself look good. Definitely a bit company that is still innovating but feeling like Microsoft more and more everyday.
Long hours, employee evaluation system is based on a bell curve, so even a rockstar team has employees "below expectations".
Red-tape, red-tape, red-tape, inability to transition out of roles for Ops workers
There really aren't any. The commute maybe, depending on where you live? But that's goign to be a problem anywhere.
Hard to deal with being average, if you were a super-achiever in your old job (most of the not-great people were weeded at interview time, as well as many other good people).
There was a bit too nerdy atmosphere, and the company was too basically too big to get to know even what's going on in nearby teams.
make sure you can deal with ambiguity
Salary isn't the best on the market. Google knows it can pay less than it has to, because people want to work for it. Google has departments working on formulas meant to pay you as little as possible. Huge fight to get to the top - everyone is in a race. A culture of overachievers, which means you have to sacrifice personal and social life to move up the ranks. I've seen amazing rates of burnout among marketing. Too much. Also, middle management can be incompetent or too busy racing to the top to care about you. Everything is in formulas, and just doing a great job is not enough. You need to shop yourself and shout about your achievements as loud as you can in order to get promoted. Also, the commute from the city sucks. Oh, and the company's product strategy is a laughing stock. Google jumps on every shiny object. It's one thing to reinvent an industry, but to launch clones is just low. Google+ is shoved down everyone's throat. Google Offers was a Groupon clone. And nobody cares about the user, the company is totally evil. Decisions are made based on $$$, and not the user in mind. Don't be fooled.
- It is a large company, so the scale means development will be slower, albeit still proceeding at a much faster pace than at comparably sized company.
Bureaucracy of a large company. Lots of scrutiny in the press on anything Google does.
At least in my department - processes were not very streamlined and created inefficiencies and unnecessary work.
Living expenses in the bay area
All things hinge on your manager and if they're not very good this will harm you.
always too much to do
work/life balance could be hard for some
Too much infrastructure to grapple initially
- As a very engineering centric company, not as many other resources go towards the supporting functions. Engineers have a clear career path, yet this can be difficult to navigate if you're in another role. However, there is much internal mobility. - Like any large company, Google is very hierarchical. It's who you know. - Priorities are constantly changing. - Can almost be a utopian society - People have golden handcuffs here. There are brilliant people who are doing jobs that they're not passionate about and that they're overqualified for. However, because of company brand and reputation, they perceive it to be worthwhile.
Let's be honest: Google spoils it's employees. We're all fortunate to work here. The thing I worry about most is whether I'm making a real difference. Google has such a legacy, and such infinite resources, that it can be a little overwhelming trying to figure out if you're taking full advantage of the opportunity. For example, I'm guessing that the job posting that started my career here had maybe 100 other applicants. That's 100 people who could have done a better job if I feel like "taking it easy" today. I worry about doing well enough here to continue he legacy built before me.
None as such which can be specified in particular as the industry is best place to work at in US and anywhere else in the world.
Office politics can sometimes suck.
strong bureaucracy, bad promotion system,
I have to work in the MTV office, even though I live in SF.
Allow 20% time to actually be used.
Organized Chaos is extremely difficult to navigate
That appeal fades over time, though, and it's very difficult to grow inside the company. You'll wonder what good is your Ivy League degree (or similar) in a place like Google where the company recruits and boasts the "best and brightest" simply because it can afford to. You're not able to put your hard work, talent, and aspiration to good use or to anything meaningful. Google is definitely not all that awesome for non-engineers.
No cons about the employer
All food made me fat
It has grown too big.
Well established, not much opportunities left. The way to evaluate ppl is obscure.
Largely mediocre middle management, mediocre projects for 99% of the company, and hierarchical
very rigid upper management structure and company policies. even if someone can do more, you're limited by your role, access, etc. as typical at large companies, departments are very compartmentalized and there's not too much cross-functional interaction. Google also tends to hire more based on credentials first, personality second, and experience third. I've seen bright people who spend 8 hrs doing something that should take 1 hr due to being fresh out of school and lacking experience.
I never did go home to much it was a bit difficult to stand the amount of programmers that were not profesional at all.
Sometimes a bit fragmented in priorities and the pace can be challenging at times as it's pretty relentless
For the lawyer hired post IPO, the pay is low and the hours are long. I'd prefer better compensation than all the perks - many of which I could not really use because I was working too hard. Things change frequently and working with some of the smartest people comes with a price, which is often a high level of arrogance - even disdain for lawyers. Maybe it's what keeps the Google business more successful. Aside from that, Google legal is now like a big law firm - that many lawyers. Lots of layers of management.
The growing speed of such organization might generate some management problems if not properly handled.
Stress from being over worked, long hours at times, some people don't work well with others, and meetings are aplenty.
The only downside for working at Google is being surrounded by delicious free food which i always want to eat. I've gained some weight while working here but at least they have gyms to help you burn it off.
1. Long working hours, no work-life balance. 2. If you work only for 40hours, you won't get promoted and you will be sacked.
No work life balance even though they talk about it a lot. 85% of my team were single, and they worked 70+ hours a week. If you wanted to put out the same amount of work, and meet the expectations of your manager you had to do the same.
--Unless you're above a certain level, it can be tough to move internally despite what any recruiter might say to you. --Google changes every day which is great from a product perspective but can be frustrating as an employee who wants to have a consistent manager.
Because there's always so much going on, many projects get cancelled or re-assigned, which means there can be some shuffling around. However, for me, this resolved with me moving into a much better position on a great team.
pay was not up to industry standards
pay was not up to industry standards
Google lives to the hype in everything but transparency. The food is excellent and free, its fun, but your managers will not tell you if you need to move or if your not performing well. You can lose your job quickly if you aren't aware of what they think about you.
Too many overqualified employees are considered during performance reviews, making promotion difficult. Entry level pay is subpar compared to other huge technology companies. Management may be hard to budge when new ideas are presented.
Lots of smart people means a lot of people are underutilized.
Google is a big company now. It's not a startup and you won't be making $millions (but you will be comfortable). Sometimes management have product decisions that even most of Googlers do not approve.
It almost feels like a social club, good for some though
As Google is getting bigger it is getting more difficult to have your opinion heard and to move quickly within the organization. Promotions can be hard to come by and take much longer here than at other companies.
not that effective in innovation
Engineers rule. If you aren't one, you may feel slighted. Also, school snobbery may keep your department from being able to hire talented people, and force you to accept other candidates who are less desirable but went to a top tier schoo.
Long hours, Long Commute, Lots of programming
Google is a huge multinational corporation, so -- while they do make an admirable attempt at shielding individual employees from all the bureaucracy and inertia that entails -- those downsides are not entirely avoidable.
Sometimes management can be problematic but there is very little I can sat that's negative about Google. People who work here understand it.
Similar problems to every big corporation
Not really. It is too large sometimes feel lost.
It *is* a big company now. I happened to start in 2007, when my team was small and scrappy, which was challenging, but super fun at the same time. The company is certainly much bigger now, and that fun, small, scrappy feeling is fading.
most of the technology is inhouse, and google faces problems no one else does, so what you learn is non-transferable. Offices outside of Mountain View are treated very poorly.
i didnt have any to report
Hard to acquire breadth of knowledge if you haven't worked for a while. It's hard to learn how to "do things" that apply to outside of Google if you work at Google.
After being acquired, I went from being recognized for my contributions to being a number. Hated the review process and rating peers. Some peers would rate you and not have any direct contact with you. Didn't seem fair!
Interview was not that difficult, overall experience was great.
I have no complaints. I can't think of a single other company that I would want to work for. Great perks, great salary, great work, great team, great leadership.
Too much infusion of Apple culture
- Commuting to the South Bay every day - Products continue to worsen, as design and usability take a backseat to quality - Android - Work/life balance was quite terrible
Compensation not strongly tied to performance.
It has become really slow moving of late. It takes enormous amount of time for getting an idea implemented, which is kind of frustrating.
It's a large company now, sometimes not as nimble as smaller competitors. Also promotion is very challenging.
You have to fight for the good projects. Everyone around you is smart. (This is a good thing though.)
I'm used to startup culture, and I had a serious culture shock coming to Google. Maybe it varies somewhat by team, but from my vantage point, engineering seemed very bloated and bureaucratic. There is an obscenely long and restrictive "style guide" of programming rules that must be followed and company-wide banned language features that makes coding much less productive than I'm used to. Code reviews sometimes become bickerfests and can drag on for weeks or months. The allocation of engineers to teams is awful - my recruiter basically lied about what I would be working on, when I arrived I was assigned to a team and project that I had no interest in whatsoever, and there was nothing I could do about it except suck it up until I could leave. My coworkers were extremely risk-averse and were far more concerned about breaking something that already worked than about making progress. Also the culture is biased towards "perfect" engineering solutions, and just hacking to get something done is highly frowned upon. This isn't always bad, and you can learn good programming practices and discipline, but unfortunately it just isn't always practical in the real world of deadlines and needing to make progress.  The worst part of all is that I never felt like my work mattered anyway to the success of the company. I worked on various projects that my manager assigned (there wasn't much discretion in choosing things to work on, and the vaunted 20% time is just hype), and my manager had a lot of "pet projects" that he wanted done but didn't really have any great justification for why they should be done at all.  Anyway Google is a big company and managers and teams vary in quality. I'm sure there are plenty of people who are much happier than me, but I also think my situation is hardly unique.
too much work, never stops. lots of weekends + nights
It's now a huge company.
There's none i can think of
It's a big company now. It often takes a lot of effort to start new projects and there are plenty of distracting or disassociated programs. It's controlled, fast chaos at times.
+ Not-as-smart peers if you are not lucky, and possibly less-exciting projects, too. In this case you need to pay your dues on that project for 12-18 months, before being able to transfer.
There wasn't any cons for Google!
Company gets bigger, more internal competition
Working with some very smart people can also turn into a bad thing because some smart people are real a** hole sometimes. Company is getting big and corporate. 20% project is available only when 100% is done. Performance review is still a mystery to me. I had gotten bad rating for working my butt off and good rating for not doing much.
too many people around the world.
processes tend to be heavy sometimes
They have high expectations, and there is a lot of work. There is nothing else wrong about it besides what I have previously said.
The Con I generally have personally is that I have more awesome ideas than I have spare cycles to work on. There just isn't enough time in the day :)
1 to many people 2 traffic is annoying
Hyperactive organisation can be exhausting.
Watch out your weight! You can gain your weight very easily due to too good food.
As Google grows, it is becoming a little more bureaucratic and harder to just do cool stuff.
Could handle employee acquisitions better.
Odd people at times (too nerdy/awkward).
company has gotten too big for a ton of growth opportunities, hard to leave bc spoiled by the benefits
There's a very deep org tree, and half of the people between you and the top are not managers first. There's also an annoying culture of entitlement, especially among some of the people who were recruited straight out of college and take the perks for granted, but it's easy to avoid.
- Too competitive - Parallel growth opportunities
As a long time Googler (more than 10 years), it pains me to write this, but it has gotten so bad that I feel compelled. Google used to be a place driven by a culture of collaboration, innovation, and, well, Googleyness. Unfortunately, this is no longer the case. The culture has descended into one where employees are pitted against each other by a rating system that forces managers to choose their best team members, no matter what. Got a team of all-stars? Too bad, some of them are still going to get bad reviews. Want everyone on your team to work together for a common goal? Sorry, everyone feels like they need to keep their best ideas protected because it’s survival of the fittest. As a result, I have seen great employees forced out, moral destroyed, and careers ruined as the system chews employees up and spits them out. It has taken me a long time to get to this place, as I forced myself for years to see the Google I once loved and not the Google that now exists. It is all very sad.  I know many ex-Googlers from the early days who despise what Google has become. It pains me to say that the company I once loved and admired has become what it says it never would be, evil.
Some managers are not entirely competent. Expectation is very high. Limited growth opportunities.
Big, hard to get things done.
One of the downsides during my employment at Google was the temporary nature of the project I was working on. I only wish that there was an opportunity for a permanent position on the project.
Not as such cons which i find
Nothing about Google is bad.
The coffee tastes terrible. Sometimes there aren't enough snacks.
I doubt if the hiring bar is the same outside of engineering - specifically staffing. Most of the leadership have no idea about managing teams. For all the talk of Google being a metrics driven company...staffing seems ridiculously off - they talk in terms of numbers yes but most of the time the leadership barely even knows what targets staffing is chasing. Seniority is rarely rewarded and rather than giving opportunities to top performers for people to grow, politics & smooth talking is rewarded. The problem with Google is that it lulls you into a comfort zone, so you keep doing your job which has decent compensation & perks. But if you are looking to build a career- be prepared to navigate through the red tape & much snubbing- unless of course you can smooth talk your way through. This is not a phenomenon exclusive to Google, though I have seen it to be much more prevalent at Google than elsewhere- mind you that I have worked with several larger global organizations in the past.
Many egos at odds. Red tape and politics
No comment on this topic.
Sometimes it can be hard to get things done due to too many cooks in the kitchen
Has lost the start-up culture. It's big, it's political and it's expected. It's a gigantic company and compared to overall revenues and growth the company has managed to stay as "un political" as possible.
Google is a giant company with more structure and inertia than I expected. There is a lot of duplication of effort and it is really difficult to have a company wide impact.
Many technologies are Google-specific, would not necessarily translate well to another employer.
I would have liked more opportunities to meet different people. In general I think it is a quiet office where people work a lot.
Every thing is good enough
Self-induced pressure to "keep up" with the best of the engineers, a few "difficult" personalities.
HR is not as transparent as they say and switching between roles and getting promoted is not as easy as they claim.
Engineering is king so if you are working in some of the other departments, like HR/staffing, you may not feel as "special". The conversion process to go from contractor to FTE is flawed and they string you out to the end of your contract. Ideal candidates are 2-3 years out of a top-tier university, staffing experience not required. Experienced recruiters and sourcers are better off going elsewhere as Google doesn't appear to value seasoned professionals.
The company has gotten to a size that it is very large. Lots of internal politics and incredibly difficult to elevate your career. Because of the size of the company, the process of quarterly evaluations and performance scores is incredibly competitive, cut throat and sadly...now fosters an environment of team mates meanly pitting themselves against each other. It's incredibly sad to see. You can bust your chops for years and have your score move up .1% The company is also very young, so if you're over 35 you'll be faced with a lot of Gen Y individuals who believe they deserve everything and it should be handed straight over to them. Management is also young so be ready for your boss to have much less experience than you do. It's great to have the company on your resume and people used to stay forever but the average turn over is now 2-3 years.  Mobility between departments is also very difficulty (e.g. if you are in sales and want to move to product). Unless you are in NYC or Mountainview, you will never be considered.
Short-term contracts inevitably mean high turnover and high loss of tribal knowledge, although this was mitigated to some degree by reasonable training and team structure.
too big, hard to communicate sometime
Can't think about any. May be in future I'll update some.
I did not found yet.
Can be too big in number of employees
Don't let the sparkles blind you, the typical corporate bureaucracy is still alive within the company. Keep your eyes out and head up.
If you don't live close to an office, you can be superman and not stay on.
Most of what you hear about working at Google is just hype. The reality doesn't live up to it.  Shitty passive-aggressive middle management.  Systematically rewards only short term results, which leads to exponential compounding of code cruft. I mean they give explicit instructions for calibration and promo to consider only demonstrable benefits of the last 6 months of work, and nothing earlier than that which had a delayed benefit. So the rank and file are forced to be like shitty mutual fund managers obsessed with quarterly results, in contrast to the upper management's supposed long term focus.  When you start they flip a coin and if it comes up tails you are stuck in ads for years against your will.  20% time is a lie. 20% time is essentially unpaid overtime and if god forbid your 20% time takes a risk and fails you will be calibrated as if you had spent that time doing nothing.  Every creative idea is shot down in favor of the same old safe but inefficient crap. All the projects come from the top down. There is no bottom-up innovation in ads because they try to keep everyone 110% busy with top down mandates. The company hasn't really innovated much in years. All their fast growing products are acquisitions or "me too" and the ads infrastructure is bloated and ossified.  There's a lot of witness-tampering when it comes to peer reviews and stack ranks. You aren't allowed to rate your experience working with a person. You're supposed to somehow rate their entire accomplishment including stuff that you had nothing to do with. And if your stack ranks differ greatly from your manager's opinion of the latter they will passive aggressively hint that it will be a reason for firing you.  Valve has a much better stack ranking system where people just rate their own experience working with a person and all feedback is anonymous. Also unlike Valve, Google has no freedom of association with whatever projects you want to do. It's all top-down mandates and selfish horse-trading by psychopathic middle managers.  I've read about the toxic culture that killed Microsoft and it sounds very similar to Google in my experience. A lot of the managers were hired from outside the company and tracked their shitty culture in with them. Perhaps that explains it.
The company can sometimes seem inflexible, and not all parts of the company are as "Googley" as others. It's not easy to move around to different jobs or different divisions within the company - one must be very persistent to do so.
Amazingly smart people doing amazing mundane work with limited impact and contribution whilst being fattened up to potentially waste away a great career.  Highly competitive atmosphere whereby much of the time creativity is sacrificed.  Paraphrasing Page, "We don't need people who can think of new and cool ideas. We have that already. What we need is people who can execute on the ideas we already have."  Somehow the hiring process, great as it may be, ends up selecting for a disproportionate number of extremely egotistical a**holes.  Low empathy Engineers that border on inhuman "android" like beings not too unfamiliar to those found in a Philip Dick novel where it is asked if they dream of electric sheep. Some do, most do not. But they do dream of self driving, all electric, BMW's.  Restricted Areas: not all Google employees are treated equally around campus anymore and access is limited based on what you do for the company and what group you work in.  The culture is changing (see Restricted Areas): Google has hired roughly 8-10K people per year for the past ~4 years. I can't think of a company that has a better culture to hold on to but, from what I have seen, they are loosing the battle.  Most managers and high potential employees look like they just stepped off the set of 90210.
dead locked in your own job. competitive.
It's a big company - sometimes it is unclear how the different initiatives fit together. Also, because it is an organization filled with smart, competitive people who like to be the best, there is a culture of overwork that is hard to fight.
Too many people that were not well rounded at all
Not a lot of growth opportunity in the sales organization
A bit too big now, average managers
Tough to rise in the company
At its core Google is just selling ads, which is less glamorous and intellectually stimulating than the other business lines that receive more press.
Need to like change to be happy at G over the long term
Good luck taking advantage of the perks. I felt like I was sneaking out anytime I walked over to get a coffee or talk a quick walk around the building for a break. Expected to be at work from 8am to 11pm. Was reprimanded for talking advantage of amenities instead of working (an hour out of a 14 hour day)
Get spoiled, People consumed by the culture
-big, slow decision making, fewer job opportunities outside of HQ especially on exciting, new projects -not enough training, career development opportunities -promotions don't always reward most qualified
Sometimes it's difficult for people who are used to being the "big fish" at their previous company to get used to the fact that they're aren't the leader of the pack anymore.  Work/life balance at my old job was slightly better, but only because very few people had any passion for what they did so everyone was out the door as soon as they hit 40 hours and never answered email after hours.
It isn't as flexible as it used to be. Career advancement can be difficult if you aren't located in the Mountain View Campus.
lacking organization in some teams. Some managers not well trained, promoted strictly on tenure, rather than skill or knowledge. limited advancement.
Growth is pretty hard. Managers tend to micro manage and that is one of the few reasons I had left.
Google Boston does not get much interesting work
Organization Google works in spite of being an unwieldy and oftentimes bureaucratic place. Reason: What it lacks in organization, it makes up for in the pure brain power of its employees. This is a good thing for the company, but can drive employees crazy when it comes to hacking through the weeds standing between you and pushing larger projects through to completion. Google needs to extend it's speedy product development mantra to the micro level of its individual internal workings.  Work-Life Balance As a company, Google is actually pretty good about this. Many individual teams, however, focus on global dependencies, which both slows things down and result in a 24-hour-a-day need to be connected. Emails time-stamped 2am on a Saturday are commonplace. This oftentimes results in frazzled employees and work that isn't as solid or quickly produced as it could/should be.
very slow to get anything done, you work for your OKR's not for your passion. 20% time is a myth :(
None till now. Companies like these have no cons.
The competition for the job is extremely intense. You will get some very tough interview questions, but as long as you get through those interviews you are okay
over time. amazing culture, good company, compatible work environment and work flexibility. I have loved to work for my company so far. It is a superb company
Unforgiving if achievement isn't at a top level
Lack of ability to really do my job. A lot of waiting, boredom and red tape to do anything productive. Too many meetings.
- Employee counts exploding, not a "start up" anymore. - Lots of middle management now
Too big to move fast or do things the right way.
Bias towards the new, shiny, sexy projects often leaves Operations teams and other cost centers at a loss for resources and support. The basic conflict of interest between Ads Sales and Ads Quality/anti-fraud teams is a constant source of frustration.
Not much room to move up in the company.
Not that I can think of, unless you are conscious with your weight cause the company feed you really good.
Job responsibilities doesn't allow room to grow fast.
- Entertainment?? Really? ? There isn't any time to take advantage of all the Entertainment mentioned above unless you sacrifice your lunch break or one of the 15 minute morning & afternoon breaks. Sacrifice resting after doing my job??? NO WAY!! See below- - With the amount of sweat and bodily exertion, when lunch comes around, it's all you can do in your 1 hour lunch to eat, drink, and down 2 more Gatorades to keep hydrated! I'm in great shape, but the jobs performed by Operations Associates and Engineers such as myself, require extreme physical exertion in order to keep up. My hands are no longer hands, but machines in need of desperate repair. I have callouses so thick that I cannot feel my fingertips. My hands ache terribly each day and are so mangled it feels like I have an extreme case of rheumatoid arthritis or perhaps I do from all the manual labor! - HOT!! The Data Center is kept at a temperature so hot, about 30 minutes into working, I am wanting to take a break to grab some Vitamin Water or any water for that matter. There are no water fountains and there is only one area which is typically far away in which employees are able to store water that must be in a CamelBack thermos. Every work area is extremely hot unless you're lucky enough to have a desk job. - Employees? It's interesting that the majority of actual work is done by workers who are not true Google employees. Temporary workers outnumber permanent Googlers by far. These individuals are interviewed for an entry level position by Google Management, but are actually employed by a Temp Agency. These poor saps are underpaid, overworked, and all are fighting for a permanent position that most will not obtain. They do the same work as many Operations Associates & Engineers. But receive no promise for their hard work and are unappreciated by management. Management is not allowed to give temporary workers any type of feedback as to their performance and are unable to pull them aside to tell them they are doing a good job, nor room for improvement.
They do not do many things without computers
Management Expectations for the tech staff
Difficult to move up in career ladder sometimes due to a middle managment bubble.
with limited career growth opportunities
Ratio of non-engineering to engineering employees not scalable to growth Lack of upper management support for needs of changing employee demographics and work/life balance
+ Some roles work with unpleasant content + For engineers if your product isn't the "hot" product, difficult to get additional resources
All movement is based on tenure.
too big company, hard to find good projects, boring
None to speak of. The office culture and the pay are good, and the work is good too..
I can't thing of anything that would be considered as a con
Can be very stressful at times
hard to get in touch with senior management, limited options for growth, pretty strong hierarchy
The only downside is the long hours (at times).
Google is too huge that you will only be able to see a small small part of the whole company.
-commute (if you don't live in southbay) -ambiguous career path and grow -lots of product changes, unclear roadmap -big divide between eng and non-eng -more red tap, things take slower to get off ground
Google is a big company, so it's different from startup company. There will be process built that you need to follow and organization can be hierarchical. But it's nature of a big company. Still, there are some projects and teams in Google that act like startup.
Long hours and late nights due to everchanging digital media world
Everything else. The offices are placed in the cities. Horrible commute, non-stop parking troubles. The offices themselves are horrible, very densely packed. It's the only place I've seen that has more densely packed offices than the banks. When you sign up, you don't get to know, what group you'll be assigned too. The job itself is incredibly stupid, you're guaranteed to be vastly overqualified for it. The smugness level is amazing, the smug is so thick you can cut it with a knife. There are worse places to work (i.e. banks) but for the technical companies it's a deeply substandard one. No wonder that the people who stay there for a long time are mostly the new grads, who haven't seen anything better.
big company: more bureaucratic, slow
It's difficult to stand out and be more than just a member on a team. Very noticeable if you were used to being a stand out in your previous job.
The interviews are really bad for the applicant: you learn nothing from what you will be doing and are interviewed only by people from completely different areas of expertise than yours. If you decide to come here, expect to have 5-6 layers of management above you. Unless your are a big shot or manage to get a strong ally, you often get the promise of leading some significant project, only to be exchanged without notice with more "experienced" people. Only a minority of engineers get to do the interesting stuff: Google+, Knowledge Graph, etc. If you are part of the other 99%, things are less exciting and the lower your rank is, the less freedom you have.
political, alot of processes, limited career opportunities, competitive coworkers
Hard to Promote, Job is not that challenging
Hiring process is not well organized. Need better explanation and coordination till interview process and followups.
Engineering teams alone seem to get more importance
No a clear structure on process or projects. Very hard to move up.
* Engineering has a free pass on everything except writing code. Some great engineers, but occasionally difficult to work with / lacking vision
Nothing to mention as of yet
Long hours, I work with a team overseas - and so my days can sometimes go from 5AM to 6-7, maybe 8 PM. It takes a long time to be promoted, due to having great people around you.
Those really smart people are also really competitive and because the perf process is only about personal impact, it discourages teamwork and real collaboration.
- Overworked - Management can be a nightmare to work with
* extremely fast paced: be prepared to keep up and not be discouraged by the amount of knowledge you're expected to absorb * too many interesting things going on: can't attend all the classes, author visits, celebrity interviews, etc. -- need to have excellent time management
The hours - typically 16 hour days - are too much even though the environment is great. That's the only drawback I ever saw at Google.
Time is always a battle here, there are 19 priority projects that all need to get done in parallel, so you often feel like you're always busy. The feeling is great because you get a sense that you're working on big projects with large impact, but whew, you get tired sometimes.
its a compacted place to work and the staff is amazing. I have learned so much from working here and can't wait to presume my career in the software engineering field.
Very high expectations and a commute from the city to the suburbs means work/life balance takes a hit. Self-direction is also highly prized, which is reflected in both the flatter structure of the company and the management style of several direct supervisors I've had--perhaps a pro and a con?
Company has gone a bit overboard in adding multiple levels of management in recent years, and organization feels more top-down than in the past, but neither aspect is too severe. Be prepared for a long commute if you want to live anywhere affordable or interesting. There is an astonishing lack of diversity in political viewpoints, if your heroes are not Barack Obama, Nancy Pelosi, and Paul Krugman, then don't even think about engaging in a political discussion with your peers (in person or on any internal mailing lists).
Needs help with upper management. notice the little fish. big ideas, etc. corporate.
Sometimes hard to get to know fellow coworkers outside of your team because it's such a large company
Product Managers are rated SOLELY on product launches so if your Eng team can't or won't deliver, you're in trouble. Doesn't matter if your product is good/bad, just launches count. Extremely competitive and cut throat environment.
Overtime..overtime..overtime..and overtime. Frequently work on the weekends
they expect much from employees (and contractors/temps)
Hard to maintain work/life balance.
Can be confusing/overwhelming for new hires.
It's a large company, so there is some (fairly minor) bureaucracy. Otherwise no major concerns or qualms with the company.
Unless you are a SWE you should not work at Google. Lots of red tape and a complete lack of regard for dogfooder feedback
-my manager was aggressive -my manager illegally harassed me -HR did nothing about it -I ended up seeking counseling about the problems I was having with my manager -when I told her manager what was going on he told me I should man-up and grow a pair -when I confided in a colleague for advice, that person decided to gossip to the rest of the team about the problem
Its getting too big and is no longer "flat". Politics have entered the tent.
Slow career growth, processes are made more complicated by the day
--they've stopped letting people work out of the office they would like, a huge mistake in my view --not a people managers are great, your quality of work like will still vary dramatically depending on who your manager is
Always on the cutting edge needs balls
1) Salary is OK comparing to increased college new hire. You don't get much increased after hire. 2) Hiring bar is lowering YoY as hiring more people.
The number of products and projects can be overwhelm. It's not easy to maintain a reasonable work-life balance.
Not enough mobility across departments. You get pigeon holed into a role.
- Some co-workers are deluded about how awesome they are. - Company has gotten a lot bigger but mistakenly thinks it can still work like a startup.
Very fast paced. Reorgs all the time. If you're not proactively bettering your position in the company you can find yourself "reorg'ed" out of a position. Google Offers is an internal starup so very volatile.
-difficult to even get an interview, they screen resumes so at times qualified individuals are easily rejected
people. i am an engineer but i like having diversity and not 99% nerds around me 24/7.
- Rigid promotion cycle - Visibility is very hard in such a large company  The promotion cycle is very rigid, which isn't well aligned with the type of talent the company recruits (young go-getters who work hard but expect to see a correlation between effort and reward). Promotions do come but they are heavily relient on putting in a good amount of time first and being recognized by the right people. Managers really have to go to bat for their employees to get them promoted.  Also, Google is becoming a much larger company. It prides itself on its start-up roots, but it's becoming more and more hierarchical, with less and less opportunities to move up or sideways in the company.
Company is becoming too big now & hence little hard to move up the chain.
It is all about the Metrics. On top of achieving above your metrics you need to complete additional high profile projects to get exceed expectations on your performance review. This means you do work ALL of the time even on your vacations!! Most folks feel the burn out since you have to do this quarter after quarter. Especially a tough environment when you have a family.
its grown into a large company (slower movement)
Competitive to a fault. The review process is entirely political. There's a echo chamber. Your individual contribution is probably irrelevant to the company as a whole.
- Food didn't taste that great - Long hours - Shuttles crowded - Good luck finding those smart people - Good luck getting 20% time  - No freedom to move around to new teams, promotions difficult  - Many employees were extremely weird, even for me  - Dreary, depressing campus where everyone seemed unhappy and worried about being seen as stupid. Literally, the place was filled with insecure people that took every opportunity to make themselves feel smarter than everyone.  I was singled out and harassed everyday for reasons unknown to me. I was followed around, and whenever I tried to work my co-workers would comment on the code I was writing as I wrote it (or whatever else would throw me off and prevent me from being able to concentrate). They also took workplace monitoring to a new extreme, because it seemed as though everyone around me could access my computer, see what I was doing, and cause my computer to lock up.  I was constantly pushed to interact with my co-workers and to ask questions, but each question asked was met with a non-answer and a dismissive attitude as though they were worried I'd use the answer to show them up.  At the end of the day it was just a job as the culture was not as advertised.
I don't think I could share any cons.
Watch out if your company is acquired...Layoffs
More challenging to advance outside of headquarters.
Large company, can seem bureaucratic.
1. It's a big, established company. It's easy to feel like you're just a cog and will never have a big impact in it.  2. There's no well-defined career path, which doesn't bother me personally but might bother people with different personalities.  3. Language choice for performance critical code mostly limited to C++ or Java.
Soem really entitled folks with a lack of real respect for others. A very political space.
Horrible management. They are pretty much clueless.
So much awesome that not everyone can handle it.  Leadership is an important quality because Googlers have more autonomy than at most companies.
Very steep learning curve to be productive
managers tend to manage up much better than managing down, often looking out for themselves rather than their team.
Given that there are so many smart people, there is some intellectual elitism. Occasionally, you will find yourself in an incredibly long email thread where people are debating just to debate. Constant pace can burn people out.
For experienced workers, mostly people are looking for greater challenge, more $$$,$$$ and moving up the ladder. This seldom occurs!
Work Hard, Always On, Continuous Change (but this can be good too - just need to be able to handle)
Can be somewhat political at times.
- Might appear fast moving company but it's a multinational bureaucracy
*elitist and privileged attitude not uncommon *proprietary internal technologies can limit the growth of skills useful outside the company
Crazy schedule, long commute, very busy
there is none in my opinion
Many 1-person projects. Need to learn many layers of Google-specific technology to get anything done.
Too much work, lack of respect, bad work/life balance
None, Great and fun place to work, health benefits, fun people to work with room to develop.
Low salary, repetitive work sometimes boring.
Amazing work is "normal" at Google, so it can be hard to move vertically within the company. Workload can taxing.
need more lanes in the bowling alley
Google is a large company. Even though it does a great job at trying to stay agile and keep a startup culture alive, it does have the feel of a large corporation.
layers of management, managers who don't help you develop, reorgs every so often
Bureaucracy. Low hourly rate for the amount of responsibility.
I've since left Google, many of my early-day colleagues have moved to more nimble environments where the work has a deeper impact. The company has gotten very "heavy" with many layers of experts, all who bring the complexity they developed from other world-class companies they have worked in. A close friend told me "there are other companies out there who ARE what Google USED TO BE" which is to say, very lean and intimate. I love the startup mentality and the opportunity to make huge moves with everything you work on. Google is like a very large ship now, many oars must move in order to effect a turn or feel the ship shift slightly in direction.
It's a religion & a cult of youth. If you're not a 20-something, you'll feel out of place. If you've got any grey hair, you're DOA.
There are no cons here
Google is a very large company, it's difficult for an individual to have a big impact. With lots of top employees, it can be difficult to excel. Google is very engineering-focused (great if you're an engineer, less so if you're not).
Can be hard to find projects with high impact due to the companies size.
- Little career progression. The company likes to think they are flat but in reality they have deep hierarchical leves (There were 10 people between me and the CEO) but there is no clear way to become manager and each manager manages 12 or more people. - Sales is an afterthought completely. The engineers are rightfully the stars but for the sales people the salaries are half what you can earn in other places. - In spite that they say otherwise, pedigree counts a lot. Top salesman globally with no brand name makes half (counting comission, bonuses, stock, etc.) of what another salesman makes as base salary and comes from the "right" (Ivy league, big names on resume) background. - If you are not in the right group your day to day work is boring and mundane. - Low engagement of people with their jobs (in the sales org). That makes for very uninteresting meal chats about ski trips and vegas conventions.
Some Googlers are self-entitled and not just to non-Googlers but to other Googlers as well. I blame it on poor hiring decisions. There's tremendous growth at Google and sometimes despite their best intentions, poor hiring decisions are made.  In some parts of the business, it's very political. Can be challenging if you don't know how to play the game.  Some managers are too busy to show their reports tough love or real 1:1 mentoring.
Might be difficult to work remotely Disorganized Not as much of a flat hierarchy as they want People get a sense of entitlement
Not as flexible as before
Career opportunities are in Mountain View and New York offices only. The Old School cheery Googlers have been replaced with the MBA sharks looking for a feather in their career cap, so come with your Excel and Powerpoint data in hand if you want to succeed. The customer-service came second only to internal posturing which happens with any desirable place to work. It's unfortunate, but when you answer to shareholders, the almighty dollar is all that matters. Google gives you free lunch and a laptop to keep you on the hook - the job hook. When you mature to having a family and need that work-life balance, Google isn't the place to be.
It was a pretty long walk from my desk to the one sundae machine on the floor. Like really. One per floor? Animals
it is not easy to enter and you must work hard and maybe you have to take much pressure. But it is worth.
arbitrary product roadmaps outside the search/ads world
There is a massive learning curve and it can takes months to become a contributing member of the team. Working in C++ is slow and painful. Engineers could sometimes explain things better.
Disclaimer: Google is the most decentralized company I've worked for in the degree to which different groups and projects have their own work intensity, culture, ambitiousness, manager quality, etc. A lot of people I know love working here, feel they are working on interesting/important projects, and are full of respect for their colleagues and leadership.  My experience, unfortunately, has been almost entirely negative: - problems start with the hiring process because they put up vaguely described job openings, don't tell you almost anything about what you'll be working on during the interview, and then don't make any attempt to match you to projects you might care about or have experience with. The implied message is - you made it to Google, so you're smart enough to learn new technology, languages, and skills as needed, and we give you so much that you should be happy working on anything. After working here for several months, my impression was: - self-satisfaction, detachment/cluelessness/apathy and arrogance are prevalent including at the very top. - too many of the company's core slogans frequently don't reflect reality:     - treating employees with respect - actually condescension disguised as benevolence     - caring about users - actually often dismissing them as a nuisance or too stupid to use the product correctly.     - setting goals that are so ambitious that you fail on some - actually often failing on un-ambitious goals for non-respectable reasons     - openness in communicating with employees - actually, most communications end up being empty hype and ass-kissing.     - maximise efficiency and productivity - actually, even simple web front ends requires constant battle against unrelated problems with unreasonably slow or broken internal APIs, overly slow build/test/deploy tools, lack of documentation for how to use internal systems, etc.      - fast-paced entrepreneurial culture - actually, for too many people, the main objective is to look good and score points with their manager - this is true all the way up to the VPs that report to Larry      - hire the best people - almost everybody here is really smart, but the culture often brings out the worst most unprofessional side of people       - taking risks and changing the world - level of risk I see people taking is changing the location of a UI button on an internal tool without talking to the product manager first
no training, place you on a team without consulation, not much control of your career, manager driven. if manage is not competent of does not like you things are very bad
Management is decreasingly transparent. Internal transfers are near-impossible.
I used to love this company and thought we contributed a great deal to help the industry and society, and that we could do no harm. Unfortunately, I don't believe this about the company anymore, and I have recently lost a great deal of confidence in the current leadership team. The company has recently become run much more top down than the bottoms up nature of the years past.
Very competitive environment to work in.
So many activities, not enough time to do actual work
too much too do too little time.
No high pay. Not much room for improvement for the average minded.
Hiring process is pretty convoluted, and some policies are annoying, but ultimately are sensical and tolerated since they typically relate to important core company values.
Too many possibilities can make narrowing your options difficult, but worthwhile in the end
large company, a little too much red tape for a company that size
There is none best company ever
Not much to say about cons
-Challenging, a bit ambiguous at times, need to be able to manage yourself
Very few downsides. Things move quickly, and for most that's a great thing.
It's a very large company. You will not know most people there.
* there are many rules you have to follow such as code review
none that I can think of, it is great. they might want to implement a better way to get promoted to help people at the bottom to make moreof a name for themselves
too crowded for traffic and work / life around
Boring, Long Hours, Early in the morning, micromanaged, Repetitive
Management quality is clearly below what's required for a company of this size. It's incredibly difficult for someone senior to get up to speed to a degree where they'd feel comfortable.
You should really love what you do. Google wants you to be active, responsive and productive.
Busy, often stressful, frequent change,
Transportation are sometimes not good
Much is expected of your performance, culture is geared towards mainly very young employees
May have to relocate to NY or MTV
There are no cons as such. There are a lot of great people here. The perks are great as well.
lousy commute expensive rent high cost of living bad life style choices by peers abrasive managers
There is a lot of exciting work and it can overtake your personal life.
nothing's perfect, as each person's experience and what they're looking for can be so different.
The work became too much customer support focused so one couldn't get enough time for project and self development. Besides, one doesn't get enough support from the management.
The company is growing so fast that it is starting to show signs of a more corporate environment that is bridled by bureaucracy.
you'll have to be in Mountain View to fully experience what it's like to work for Google.
There is no fun like working in startups. Working Google is just no more than working in a big company.
Some things are becoming more corporate and bureaucratic than they used to be.
free food, bad managers, alot of free time
Too big to take risks - hard to justify taking major risks with the core offering (search and ads). Partners are threatened by size - hard to get data from partners who are afraid we're going to eventually enter their markets.
It's a large company and with that comes bureaucracy. Execs do a good job minimizing it, but there is only so much they can do.
-Promotion process can be really challenging
Very competitive, harder to get promoted.
People here don't know how to program.
High living cost. The workload is high.
One thing that Google does a bit is hire really smart people and put them into more basic positions. A lot of people that were there when I first joined on my team are now gone, as everyone has either left to another team or left the company as a whole.
Inability to significantly grow accounts/make money, micro-management
too much work, too much stress, politics is growing. hyper competetive know it alls abound in this company. not even the best conpany to work for in bay read
- Low pay - Slow professional growth - Large company with heavy bureaucratic tendencies
everything that the company provides is great
My job had a lot of turnover. They just hire 1 year contractors and never re-up them. Would have loved to stay.
- Managers are too busy to give feedback (only once a month). They are not on the same page with the lead and it's quite confusing what they're looking for sometimes. - They don't really put you in a team that matches your experience/interest. You can get stuck in a team for at least a year when you start working there - Extremely high workload
I think that internal mobility could be improved. It's easy to start to work on something as 20%, but when it comes to 100% it's a bit tricky. That means you can get stuck for a while in a project that you don't really like.  Also there is certain degree of bureaucracy. Maybe it's just me, but I hate creating tickets and filling e-forms. Whenever you want to request something, you need to do those things.
Large employee base makes the company feel less intimate
Very easy to get burned out when trying to exceed expectations. Mandatory promotions required based on time employed to meet job expectations
My team's management is incompetent and strives to build walls between employees and contractors. They suffer from a lack of transparency, a lack of understanding about the specific work that we do, and poor communication skills. The end result is that an entire group of dedicated contractors now harbors a distrust and a dislike for Google.
not i am aware of, but i will keep finding them. maybe they should turn the ac on more often
not a great place to "start" your career - not a lot of upward mobility
Google is not a vey diverse workplace, but I did like most of the people I worked with.
Big company, can be ineffective.
everything was fine with work
Google is now a big place.
Google is not as startup-y anymore.
Very flat organization, limited opportunities outside engineering and sales. Sales office becoming more and more faceless -- not at all Googley. Long term client relationships sacrifices for short-term quota gains.
Difficult to get in, and even when you are in, it's still competitive.
You get Noogler 15. 15 pounds after joining Google.
To much food! Not many!
Nothing that happens or has ever happened in software engineering is interesting, relevant, or good unless it happened at Google. Prior experience in barbarian companies is considered irrelevant or harmful. Groupthink and NIH syndrome lead to some daft decisions that are considered holy and irrevocable within the company.
There's a bit of a disconnect between product (Eng/PM) and operations. Somewhat bureaucratic.
I have absolutely no cons to share.
Promotions are few and far between and career progression is tough to manage, but when successful, it pays off. You must be a self-starter to succeed.
big and slow, too many silos very distributed, very hard to tell what is going on closed, NIH environment and technology inconsistent and political promotion process
there is no negative information that i can come up with at this time
Limited career progression for non-engineers. It's a great place to be if you're a middle aged and settled down with a family. It's become very political and hard to get things done with so many departments and matrices.
The main campus is very crowded. People share either large cubicles or work in open space so it is very easy to get distracted specially when a group of people have a discussion or someone speaks on the phone. It can also be hard to find a good place make a personal phone call.
Blind allocation: Your initial assignment may have nothing to do with your interests or experience, and policy is that you must stay in that assignment for 18 months before you can transfer (though there are exceptions). Google's success makes it difficult to criticize, "How can we be doing it wrong if we're making this much money?"
None that don't exist elsewhere: the occasional bad manager, underperforming employee.
Getting larger and more political. If you're not working on a project that is clearly important it can be difficult to get noticed by senior management.
It can be hard to keep track of everything going on.
No cons so far to date
Commute to south bay, some politics, people worrying about things which aren't real problems, getting hassled on LinkedIn, can be difficult to move up, managers variable
None that I've found so far
Pace can be relentless. Not a great place to move up the ladder because there is so much competition. Promotions to management seem pretty political. Your manager may not have any interpersonal and leadership abilities. If that happens, try to move on quickly.
The work can be very monotonous, as a lower level employee, input isn't really valued. As it's a very large company, the scope of what you're expected to do is quite narrow. They like you to specialize in one thing and ultimately, your value will be determined on how well you execute THAT particular function.
Huge sense of entitlement. Company is run by engineers, product owners are all ex-engineers who may or may not know what is best for consumers or the marketplace. Company does not know how to fire low performers
Nothing I can think of.
The ratio of full-time employees to contractors is 1:100 for the Bothell office, There is very little chance at promotion for an astonishing amount of work completed beyond what's required
We've grown too quickly, making it difficult to get things done as quickly as we were able to years ago. We've also focused on hiring elite students and MBA grads, who don't always have the street sense needed in a dynamic and changing sales organization.
Bad mid-level management, without a great way to do career development. Discipline around people management relatively weak. Review model ok, not great.
Nothing fundamentally bad about the company.
Finance is a 2nd class function (at best) and in general has very limited power within the organization. This can make it difficult to make a difference or even be heard outside of the org. Often, those who succeed in finance are those that can please their business partners in Engineering/Product which can cause incredible conflicts of interest (sure, that acquisition looks fabulous and it's only $100M! I can make an analysis that makes it look great ) - even if not explicit the pressure to please powerful VPs in Eng is intense. This is compounded by the hyper-reliance on 360 feedback and networking which means it can be hard to make a change or stand up if something seems wrong.  Finance is primarily full of investment bankers & consultants, with little folks with actual Corp Finance experience. This causes an amazing amount of inefficiency as folks don't understand how to do basic things like create a budget and expect people to stick to it (seriously - within weeks of budget creation no one knows if budget applies anymore or if we're moving to a monthly forecast view instead). At first, I tried very hard to get more Corp Finance folks in the org but now I actually think IBankers do best as folks with actual CF experience tend to be so shocked by the Google processes (or lack thereof) they simply cannot hang.  Work/life balance is dreadful - since the employee base is generally young and former bankers, most folks don't seem to be upset by late nights stretching past midnight but for those with families (or even those that just enjoy their lives outside of work) this can be painful. Especially since most of the time is spent on projects that go nowhere.  Google elects not to use ERP or other established software in favor of developing their own solutions. Then they don't staff these solutions with adequate Eng resources. Result is an incredible lack of data availability with the expectation that finance be "scrappy" to find ways to tease out or completely guess at the data. Upside is that without a data source no one's likely to know if you're completely off base - but this can be unsettling for folks who really want to use reliable info to make business decisions.  There are constant reorgs and reprioritizations at Google - particularly if you don't support the Search / Ads business. Forget about focusing on anything that will take more than 1 Q to achieve.  This is a social/extroverted environment which means that those who are good at networking have an edge over those who don't, even if the folks who don't are doing a superior job. I've taken advantage of it myself but it's not fair.
It is getting a little bit too political in Google, which I guess is only natural for 40K company.  PMs tend to take a bit too much credit for everything around, Engineering are very isolated (maybe by design) from operation/monetization aspects. Other functions are secondary to PM and Engineering in almost every aspect.  Vision is increasingly a top-down thing with less and less grass root initiatives .......... working on your 20% these days mean your bonus will probably disappear because you need your manager sign-off, which likely has a different agenda, and his own 20%
Almost everyone is smart and hardworking, which creates some pressure. This is healthy for the company and the career, though.
Pay is pretty low right niow
i don't think there are any cons worth mentioning
No longer feels like a startup. Management layer is thick.
Has become a LARGE company but still tries to act as if it were a nimble startup. Promotion has become more about networking than anything else. Getting harder to get promoted.
Driving aroung LA is not fun
The vast majority of the people who made Google what it is today have move on and in many cases have been replaced by cookie-cutter MBA types, ex Microsoft employees and management consultants. This combined with Google's massive growth (18k employees in Mountain View alone) has made it less of the agile innovator it once was but rather a techno-advertising behemoth.
The culture rewards the top performers. It favors young professionals who just graduated and have tons of time to dedicate to work. It is much more difficult for experienced contributors who have constraints outside the office: family, hobbies, etc.
Sales org has too many internal processes, structure, best practices... meetings about meetings, politics, ever changing sales org, limited autonomy/flexibility.
Very competitive.. not great if you are unwilling to work hard.
Company growing too big, still hard to move around regardless.
Flexibility and openness have taken a nose dive as the company became larger and more compartmentalized.  No one wants you to work on "the world's most interesting problems" no matter what their employment ads say.  20% time has become a myth. No one wants you working on their projects, or on your own.
Being such a world renown company, each dept is very restrictive of allowing external access. It's a bit difficult to get cross-departmental collaboration in general.
Sometimes you feel like a very small fish in a big sea. Promotion process isn't the best. I've seen a number of people receive promotions who definitely didn't deserve it, while others who do, get passed over.
Hard to maintain their unique culture as the company grows bigger
Demographic skews young and inexperienced. Can be a little chaotic at times, disorganized approach to product development. Easy to get lost in the sea of work that has to be done.
Could be Better, overall feel
Ex mcKinsey folks become sheep like here and forget that their insights could be used to affect change at a Recruiting function that is lackluster (take them out of The gplex) they couldnt recruit top talent. Several recruiting leaders from the UK and seem to lack basic strategy skills but excel at their own PR Recruiting is a protracted process that doesn't need to be Hiring Managers take mediocre results and lack ability to sniff good recruiting talent from folks that talk a good game Recruiters cow tow to a team of paper pushers that review Packets to the detriment of great candidates and candidate experience
I think you can become extremely complacent and just not want to leave.
Things can move very fast at Google, which means it can be somewhat stressed. It depends on the projects you work on, though.
Very Good company, no negative sides.
A bit chaotic with some pockets of unhealthiness. In a tradeoff for simplicity the organization is becoming more top down. You have less freedom to pick projects and transfers are becoming more difficult, and they were hard to beging with. You are measured by a perf cycle every quarter.
it is a big org, and that has its political and speed challenges, but in all its a wonderful place to work.
sometime long hours around project deadlines
No Cons- I was finished with my internship and went back to school
The relentless pace often means that you have to get things out of the door before they are completely ready, and can do a number on your work/life balance (especially if you work in Android).
Big company. Lots of people.
Steep learning curve, be prepared to have to constantly adapt and refactor code. Getting tasks done is a bit harder than usual here as there are a lot more things to take into consideration, such as scale, security, testing, etc. (but granted they also yield a lot better results than in other places). It gets better with time though.
It's hard work! If you're smart enough to get hired and you learn the stack, you'll do fine, but overachieving coworkers make it difficult to stand out.  Listening to coworkers complain about how their scallops weren't cooked properly :)
large and sometimes feels like it, need to coordinate with my teams/stakeholders
A lot of inquisitive questions from outsiders about inside work.
Not one I can see right now.
Honestly, I have had nothing but a good experience working here.
too big, very specific to teams - make sure you join a good team with a good manager, there are a lot of bad managers there.
Too big now, not as good as before. The google plus is very disappointing, seems too many managment now. However it is common in every big company.
Very hard to get a chance to be in this company...
Everything is pretty complicated so a lot of work goes into researching potential adverse interactions.
Not use of one's talent, not much work to do,
Because there are so many bright people working at Google, it's difficult to stand out and get recognized for a job well done. There is a quota on promotions that can be given out each period, and there is lack of visibility on the criteria involved. There are a lot of lateral movement opportunities but not upward movement within a department.
- Limited upside prospects unless you're (a) personally critical to the business and (b) threatening to leave for another company - HR process for internal mobility isn't working well - Opaque resource allocation process
Very competitive environment some times to much. Some people will not share information to get ahead of you.
A bit harder to climb the corporate ladder when you're working in a regional office. Those folks in regional offices, know what I mean.
Really none with the company, but living expenses in the bay area are crazy and although salaries are good they don't make up for the cost of living.
Shifted strategies a couple times. May have been worthwhile to see how certain ones played out before shifting again.
Sometimes can be confusing, if you're not sure what interest you most.
Too busy, not good work life balance
Becoming a "big company". Harder to get things done than it used to be
If you're in a remote office (outside MTV), it can be hard to make lateral moves in your career.
Culture of secrecy The sense that everyone's expendable No work/life balance or autonomy Immature and/or inexperienced middle managers
Try to do too many things
I can't really think of any. The commute takes some time, but the company provides very frequent shuttles.
All of the pros mentioned above are getting weaker as the company starts to plateau and tries to squeeze out more revenue. Product managers may be surprised at how little power they have relative to at other companies - at Google it is the engineers that really run things.
They pay really smart people to do so-so jobs at an entry level. This can be frustrating and the path to more meaningful work is often ambiguous.
I didn't get the chance to select my own projects. It is mostly handed down to you. If you are new you get the not so good projects.
Has become a big company. People not working as hard as before.
Got too big. Too diverse. Duplicate efforts.
- Large company so your project might seem small in comparison (even when it impacts millions of users) - Career management is on the onus of the employee (but this might not be a problem once you hit senior which can be the steady state and you are comfortable with the work)
- Sometimes the pace is a little intense and hard to keep up with. - The bar is very high, you might feel like you are an overachiever, but in comparison to your coworkers (who are also overachievers) it's difficult to stand out. - Not everything can be quantified, which can sometimes mean some contributions are under-valued in a numbers driven company.
none, absolutely none, believe me
Big place that's easy for some people to feel lost Steep learning curve that's hard on newcomers Impatience for results
Work load in google is kind of full. You have work very hard to get good performance/
Program Managers fresh out of grad school who pretend like they know the product better than you do will shoot down all your ideas or input regardless of your experience. There is no clear direction or priorities set with specific projects.
All the benefits are designed to get you to work more Large company is starting to forget about the individual
Google sucks when it comes to bringing on board new talent with a strong and accomplished caliber and assisting its integration into the operations. Instead of making the younger and less experienced work-force absorb the experience and Know-How, Google embraced a weak and overly flat environment which allows the least experienced ones set the tone and fight off external Know-How and experience. That's not really a company that wants to change but rather a company that it suffers from massive turn-over in sales and business operations and instead of fighting it off with a confident infusion of experience operations leader, it created an overly flat and 'fuzzy' environment, where everyone is obsessed with trying to please others and be sweet on the expense of doing the right thing.
Quarter performance evaluations can be a little wearing. Good communication with the technical leadership on your project is a must for success a Google.
Google is becoming more hierarchical. You can move up through the ranks, but if you start at entry-level, it will take you 15+ years to get to senior management. Use it as a stepping stone to another job outside the company or move laterally and gain experience in different roles
Very little supervision, some times, new hires do not know what not to do. Maybe that's the way to encourage and cultivate creativity!
Nothing really. Big company now, so more processes than there used to be.
The credit of your work goes to someone Else...
Becoming too large, no more start up feel
- Like most development jobs, the company will take all the hours you want to give (the flip side is that I've never been asked to work more than 40, nor has it been implied I should). - Whatever tools you may have learned elsewhere, you won't use them at Google, because Google has it's own implementations of everything. - A follow-on to the last point, if you leave Google and try to join an employer who is looking for skills in specific tools, they won't be the tools you used at Google. That said, it's hard to think having "Google" on your resume won't more than compensate.
High variance in manager competence, including some managers whose only 'skill' appears to have been being lucky enough to join pre-IPO. From my experience - despite massive amounts of 'data', in the form of Googlegeist, employees reaching out to HR to express concerns, and almost universal team dissatisfaction, some really bad managers are simply not dealt with.  Really bloated management structure outside of Eng, which means that many people are doing work that is below their level of skill, simply because there are so many layers of management above them. Think the company would actually benefit from a higher turnover rate.  Bias against any sort of standardization, even though at the current size of the company, some standardization is needed.
Things move too slow, despite efforts to improve Can't avoid feeling like a number in certain roles Lots of work to maintain products--crowds out time/energy for step-function innovations
The work hours are somewhat lengthy
- Lot of politics, especially at higher levels - Lots of redundant work. Many teams seem to be doing the same thing without knowledge of each others work - Too many law suits distracts attention from building good products - Too many "me too" products.
tough seniors tough work lesser growth salary could be better
There are too many snacks.
- Don't work in a small office (< 200 engineers) if you can help it. You will feel disconnected. Culture and connections are Silicon Valley centric. - Many great projects are worked in, many get cancelled for opaque reasons, which can be tough if you are on the team. - It is a big company, even though everyone is smart and trying to do the right thing, there are still big company politics and the feeling of being a small cog in a very big wheel. - Management tries to be transparent, but sometimes when they can't or don't want to, it blows up in their face. - Mountain View employee culture is one of entitlement. In particular, I recall that when a new cafe opened up (the 19th one or so on campus) but was reserved for a group working on a confidential project, that there was open complaining about "its not fair, why don't we get to go to that cafe?"
It's a big corporation so everything is by the book and restrictions are tight.
Long hours. Lots of work. Often collaborating with other who were not on the same schedule. Different schedule than the rest of the world.
You are evaluated on impact, but with the size of Google it is increasingly difficult to make a mark and get the recognition needed to advance. Increased visibility means increased product risk and a higher bar for new releases, making it difficult to get something to market without enlisting executive help to overcome risk aversion (bureaucratic obstacles).
Not all managers know how to manage humans, search quality is very political, lack of company focus, turning into a hierarchical company.
The place is a mad house. There are so many people every where. It takes forever to go anywhere and the elevators are paced during lunch hours. Most of the people are walking around in jeans and t-shirts with head phones on. If you like that than you like Google.
Agressive schedule, ad hoc review process, ad hoc communications and organizations, distractive and non focused planning, not goal oriented, not into profit
As the company becomes bigger, some random decisions happen.
Before I joined Google, I was a superstar engineer. Now that I joined and am surrounded by superstars, I am just "average". Sigh.
Google has become just another big software company (like Microsoft or Amazon). The Kirkland office feels like Microsoft or Amazon depending on where your Google Director originally was recruited from.
Getting large, more complex, dabbling in a lot of areas, innovators dillema.
Unless you are a superstar individual and knows how to socialize with other super star, the upside for career advancement is not too promising.
far commute a lot of competition
You are encouraged to work against your "teammates" in your fight to the top and talk bad about them, Building a sense of community is discouraged
Tough place to advance if you're not an Engineer or in an office where there are non-engineer (i.e. MTV) opportunities.
Can become chaotic or disorganized due to quick page and large scale. Just on the border of disrupting work/life balance.
Tight competitions, lots of engineers, too many projects going on. Lots of people and thus hard to get a voice up directly.
Despite Google's efforts to maintain a startup-like atmosphere, it's still true that big-company hurdles -- like legal issues, regulatory concerns, and just standard VP approval processes for big decisions -- can slow down the process of doing cool things. And although the average talent level is quite high, the discipline and effectiveness of individual engineers can still vary somewhat significantly, so sometimes you'll have to deal with people who just don't work as quickly or independently as you'd like. Finally, in an engineering-centric company like Google, a PM can occasionally feel a little like the "e-mailer in chief," a person who nags other people a lot but doesn't get to do "real" work and who doesn't get the same respect as an engineer.
Terrible commute and overpriced housing nearby. Some big company politics.
Management, co-workers, try to directly copy other products, location
Google is getting to be a quite large company. It's nearly impossible to know about everything that's going on in every organization. Furthermore, the love from the public has waned in recent years which can be a bit of a bummer.
-Actual day to day work not as exciting as it seems (lots of Excel, etc) -Lots of gossip inside and outside the company that account managers are just "glorified telemarketers" -Does not pay as well as finance internships though Google would like to compete with these sorts of internship programs at elite schools and campuses -Does not seem like a place you stick around too long, a young environment with lots of movement and attrition. -Recruiting process slow, flawed, and disorganized
There really isn't much that could be described as a Con. There are some growing pains as the company decides the right balance between more process and maintaining creativity and a slight sense of chaos in the various groups.
It's hard to get promoted. Performance is decided mostly by your peers, which means promotion is essentially a popularity contest.
While not totally necessary, being on a higher profile project helps with recognition and career advancement. I work on one such project and have since I've been at Google, so I can't really say what it's like if you work on other projects.  Having a good manager (as I do) is definitely important to being promoted and getting put on projects where you can earn recognition. Not all managers are as awesome as mine and their reports suffer for it in terms of career growth and interesting tasks to work on.
- Sometimes a bit too relaxed - Lots of internally developed tools that can only be learned on the job
Very little career growth and personal growth.
Middle management was a bit slow. Things are getting more bureaucratic, it can be very hard to get things done.
If you get in as a contractor at the wrong time it's impossible to get hire to FTE Not any training, still acts like a start up Too many recruiters--we were sometimes stepping on each other with candidates
It became way too political, specially with upper management completely lost its way and lacking a vision.
To thrive at Google as a software engineer, at least a Masters degree in computer science or equivalent course of study is needed. A Google employee without a masters degree or Phd will not see the same opportunities for advancement or career development. Some of the technologies used at Google are proprietary, so skills developed in those technologies are not relevant at other tech companies.
MTV is in California, which means higher tax rate, higher living cost, etc. However, you may make more money in google than other companies.
Lack of innovation. The heyday of Google seems to be passed. Things are good but probably not as perfect as you might imagine it because the hey day has passed.
Career growth is somewhat difficult for non standard profiles (i.e. not Software Engineers or Site Reliability Engineers). Managers need to be good to get their reports promoted. Being on the "right" project (aka high impact with high visibility) does affect substantially career growth.
becoming a big company, too many mckinsey types in sales roles, politics starting to grow, easier to come in new to a senior role than be promoted into it
Google is changing, and it's experiencing some growing pains. There are new projects and focus areas every week, and the grouping of functions and teams changes constantly. As a result, managers are responsible to new macro functional groups, and new projects or focus areas every month or so. This seems an unnecessary distraction, amounting to 25% superfluous work. The change in org structure has made it hard to maintain the career path of your choice. Instead, you must choose from available Google-centric career paths. These are not always (or often) composed of conventional roles, since Google is both changing rapidly, and unconventional to begin with. Most of the people hired at Google 5+ years ago, don't have the credentials to be hired there today. This complicates internal transfers, even though HR attempts to solve that issue. Those joining Google from acquisitions are rarely hirable at Google in any other way, yet their experience and contributions once onboard are typically at par. This again complicates the internal transfer process.
Shocked by the rather incompetent recruiting leadership on the sales team supporting at best a rather mediocre experience for hiring managers and candidates.  Rote, robot like recruiting process which is driven by levels and espouses "in the box" thinking.  Middle managers (Staffing Managers) are the epitomy of let's do things to please Larry vs. let's question and innovate.  Google Recruiting is like a big filter. Mediocre Staffing Managers that measure against silly metrics and measure the team on a curve they themselves could never meet.  Everyone is afraid to question the process or make changes. HR is a puppet at best with no strong recruiting leaders pushing innovation.
Now Google is big or even huge, all kinds of people, hate the bureaucracy there, reminds me of IBM or Microsoft pyramid management
Essentially Google has more than a few terrible middle managers. This is mostly because the really great people will often leave for school or more lucrative opportunities (because getting promotions can be very difficult) and often the people who stay are those who bide their time and are solid but not rock start performers. So your Google experience will depend a lot on who your direct manager is...
Things change fast! Need to stay on your toes!
over-time work. seems everyone works late on weekends.
Poor communications between software development uniits were tolerated by management. Management never communicated its goals leaving engineering and consulting in the dark. Software quality was so poor that customers were dissatisfied and continuously threatening to halt the projects. Payment was withheld leading to more pressure to cut costs and diminished software quality. There was no QA on software prior to installation at the customer site. There were many problems with benefits administration caused by the third party firm hired to manage those items.
It's still a very big company. It's not microsoft yet, but it's getting there. It's a pretty long chain of command.
As Google is expanding, it is losing a lot of appeals from the good old days of being a start-up. The transparency between upper management and ordinary employees is not as it is used to be.
24/7 job no guidance on your own for growth
It was under a 2 year (only) temporary contract. It gave little growth for promotion within the company. I would have loved to get hired in.
Hardly any, there are literally no reasons not to intern here.
getting very political, a lot of nepotism. Very negative vibe from employees regarding manager competency.
For more senior people, odds are, you're going to be waiting a long time for any kind of promotion. You will also be way older than most of the people you work with, and your manager may or may not understand family commitments. (Google in general does.)  Your manager may or may not care about you. If you get a good manager, great. If you get a lousy one, it may or may not get fixed in any reasonable amount of time, and it can be hard to transfer out if you're having any difficulty with your manager. I had the worst manager of my 30 year career there, and should have just quit after I figured that out.
Party culture, some people seem to be there for the perks.
The work-life balance is hard to achieve
No particular cons I can think of
There was nothing wrong there!
no room to really advance. You're just a number.
Having good management seems to be a non-goal, at least below the highest levels. The only requirements for becoming a manager are having good enough technical skills to reach the correct job level, and expressing interest. Because of this, middle management is extremely hit-or-miss. Employees are often expected to figure out how to grow on their own, with little or no guidance, even for those fresh out of school. Many managers still have technical responsibilities, and let their people-management responsibilities fall by the wayside.  It is unclear so far just how Larry Page taking over as CEO will affect the company as a whole, at least in terms of work environment.
As a contractor there is a lack of transparency about the opportunity for conversion to permanent roles. Also, many young colleagues complain that no other company recruits so many bright people to then put them in very low level jobs with remedial tasks.
Slow recruiting and conversion process Such a large company that it's difficult to be organized (in terms of knowing how to get a certain piece of information or resource)
The first month was very rough for me. I was given no real introduction to the company, and had to learn by fire. The security restrictions on your personal computer and network get in the way of productivity, and are generally frustrating. I need to have a field tech come to my workstation to install software that doesn't happen to be whitelisted.
Low pay, interview process is extremely rigorous.
Can be hard to transfer to a new project, which can lead to the need to excel at something you don't like in order to earn your way out of it.  The opportunities for 20% time are real, but you may not have enough time and energy to make use of them.  Management is often hands-off and not necessarily helpful/encouraging. Find peers to encourage and support you.
Management can be clueless or absent at times. It can take a lot longer to get things done than you expect.
Hierarchical, lots of levels of management, not a design focused company, "the more features the better" perspective, some copying of other startup ideas.
MBA/Mckinsey management takeover has depleted the entrepreneurial spirit in some groups (but not all).
- traffic in the morning around the main campus - no "start-up" feeling any more - lot's of people, lot's of projects
You never have a career path.  You'll need months to figure out how to grad an easy number through the legacy system, needless to mention about the reviews, permissions etc.
Little career growth. Bas Middle management
almost no cons to me
No real cons, but you have to be very good and productive to keep the job
- Work may be stressful - Promotion opportunities may be limited - You may start to feel strange: highly-qualified, competent... and just one "number" among others - Cramped cubicles - Since about a year ago, switching groups became much more difficult.  I've been very happy at Google for the first 2-3 years (see "Pros"). The work could be demanding, but that was not bad, since demands were coming from other engineers eager to use my stuff and eager to report any problems, cooperate, etc.  However, gradually I started to feel as if the company hires the best and brightest only to put them under a nice, but hard-working manager, whose task is to keep them busy at all times no matter what. That's where most of my work stress eventually started to come from - though maybe it was just my personal "luck". I had a feeling that despite creating several successful projects, other achievements and expertise in several areas, I am not officially allowed any time to contemplate what to do next and what may be the best thing for me (and the company). Instead, I just have to generate code and other signs of activity every hour. That was exacerbated by the fact that since summer 2010 engineers lost their privilege to freely switch work groups. You could only go where the upper management thought there is opportunity for the company. Again, that felt like less respect to the very people who, being so bright, are supposed to also sniff where the next useful thing really is.  Eventually, I left for a job at a research lab. So far I am compensated less well overall, but I am much, much more happy (for now at least :-))
Compensation and lack of transparency at times.
Engineers rule at Google. Leadership and management are weak, as these geeky guys and gals are more comfortable talking to their keyboard then to subordinates. The lack of leadership is one of the great weaknesses for this organization.
no issues at all whatsoever
Since the environment is one in which everyone must participate, it is difficult to pull back (e.g. girfriend breakup)
There most certainly is no more glitz and glitter and many feel that Google is turning into a hasbeen compared to the innovation of new startups
Not sure if it is in its peak. It will eventually going down, just like microsoft, cisco.....
The company is extremely large, it is hard to get to know your co-workers.
- Increasing numbers of middle managers who add no value - Focus on "shiny" vs. substantive work - you're more rewarded for style than substance, splashy work gets praise
Google values GPA over past work experience on new employees
Promotion by committee means it's harder to get recognized for an obscure project or brunt work maintaining important stuff than for working on 'sexy' projects.
Not much downside. space is a problem with large growth. sometimes group compete with each other. managers are usually cool
Limited opportunity for vertical career growth.
Hard to stand out as a star when everyone is so smart and pedigreed. Also company is very big. Believe it take long time to really build reputation to be able to move ahead... but in the meantime its a lot of fun.
doesnt seem to be a streamlined process for training new hires
Challenging envirnorment. Lot of work to be done.
- A lot of concurrent initiatives, but unsure of status/followthrough/reasons for these initiatives - A sense that we are over-hiring - Commitment to "dogfooding" is admirable--but sometimes it's OK to use a non-Google application to manage some of our work. - There is a tendency to promote people who need more seasoning. Managing people is not a perk of promotion, and not everyone can be a manager.
not challenging enough. Should have offered a longer contract
Poor Career Growth Promotion review is dysfunctional
It grows to 30,000 employees by the end of 2011. and It starts to show similar problems as the previous big companies.
Ok food Disrespect from program managers
Competitive, demanding, and long hours
Your time at Google is entirely dependent on the capabilities of your manager.  I worked in MTV for 4.5 years and I've never been at a place with more inconsistent quality of managers. I reported to 6 managers during my time. A few were great, but others were horrifyingly bad. Had enough with my last manager, who was self serving and not well liked by his group, yet the company did NOTHING to remove him. Decided to chart my own course by joining a startup that was more human focused. Have not regretted my decision whatsoever. Much happier now. Too many Google managers are often the victim of their own hubris + lack of real world experience.  In 2005, Google was a place where you could change things and make decisions quickly. Now, it is a place to be a cog in a giant profit machine.
C++ can be a pain (coming from lisp). It's good and bad that code changes so quickly that much of what one learns become rapidly obsolete -- and there's a gargantuan amount to learn, so one feels pretty inept for the first few months or more. Then again, it means things get better quickly when broken.
advancement opportunities stop after middle management
The business model has matured so there might not be much fast growth ahead. It has become a mature company just like Ebay and Microsoft. But it is still very respectable company in internet industry. Limited room for career advancement. But it seems that those without much technical skills/degree usually get promoted quickly by just pushing engineers/analysts very hard. Those who do real work get stuck at the bottom of company structure.
Large and growing size means your team and manager are your destiny more than Google overall Few opportunities to grow into leadership positions Some things take too long to get done now that there are so many people to consult before locking a decision
None that I can think of
Company big on branding human resources w/ employees at the top of the hierarchy, and then contractors , and finally temp workers. Badges identify status with the company. Contractors and temps restricted to only work-site building/zone.
as much as it does not want to be one, it is a big company and too easy for people/projects to get lost in the mix. NY Office is big, but definitely suffers form not being in Mountain View.
The up and down sides are there is a lot of change. Google does not get stale, that is for sure. But the processes change a lot which makes it a little less sticky than it "should" be, IMHO. There is a lot of social competitiveness that is very intense, but that does drive excellence, even if you do feel like your job could end any minute.
It's easy to become a "number" at Google if you don't put yourself out there. You have to be assertive and willing to throw out new ideas. That said, depending on your job role, often that can be harder than it seems.
The firm is big, almost too big. it no longer maintains its entreprenurial feel. But they make a good effort
A few things have slowed down a bit due to growth. A bit more siloed than it used to be. Of all places, the highest praise I can give is that I find very very little to complain about.
Slow process from idea to launch, too many hoops to run through. Infrastructure not easily transferable outside of Google.
Weak management, Sometimes directions are kind of random,
Hard to get big picture
Not best place to work when balancing home/work/religion. Extreme pressure to complete tasks on-time. Little time to exercise as work consumes all your time.
Inexperienced middle managers who are where they are because they were strong individual contributors, and not necessarily strong people managers. Becoming more and more political. Lack of autonomy in your job. Decisions, even the most inconsequential, seem to be made by a few people in each department. Few career advancement opportunities. No work/life balance.
Heavy work load and research.
It too big. Not like the days of the .com. Their options are worthless. Managers want to protect their butts. benefits suck
Company is now very large, so it takes a while for things to happen: on the org side, and on the tech side, too.
I would rather be living in the south where my family is, but that isn't an option with most companies in this industry. Overall, the cons are very few.
---poor middle mgmt. ---no career growth ---low salary
There is absolutely no cons
They spoil us. I'm glad I worked elsewhere between college and Google, otherwise I might not realize how great of a place this is to work. I'm on-call for several services for about 48 hours each month, though the pager is relatively calm. Google admittedly makes mistakes in hiring, often turning away good candidates if there's any doubt, as a result, many smart people are bitter about Google because they get turned down--but I encourage them to try again in a year or so. And if you wear Google-branded apparel in public, sometimes weirdos stop you and ask lots of bizarre questions about what it's like to work there.
too much stress full, always have to work hard, its like working madlly when u work and enjoying madly when u enjoy
nothing at all it was a great experience
Too many smart people at this company make it hard to stand out.
Lack of proper work life balance, deadlines! deadlines! deadlines! Conference calls can be weird times of the day, but overall satisfying.
not good some times, but especially when deadline is approaching, it would be really hard to finish everything before the deadline but you
The working hours are long. The pay is not worth all the time spent at work. Management is not great.
Start to act like a big company
-- work/life balance non existent
#1- Current Recruiting practice has some very strange practices and the rather junior, mediocre recruiting staff are afraid to challenge  #2-Inflexible recruiting practices that hire against a set of ideals vs business needs. At least 1,000 people a day are screened out due to ridiculous ideals that are never questioned  #3-Recruiting practices that do not improve without 18 layers of approvals and weak recruiting leadership.  #4-Strong recruiters leave. Mediocre recruiters stay so that they can provide more convolution to an already convoluted process.
Size. Google is no longer a start up and inevitably bureaucracy creeps in.
unfair/ slow promotions process (if you manager really likes you you get promoted, if they sort of like you you're in purgatorium forever, if they don't you're managed out). boring work. red tape. all big company problems and more. many products competing with each other or duplicating effort. chaos in communication between teams. bureaucracy in order to get simple stuff fone. Disrespect for non-eng functions. declining quality of hires.
work-life balance sub-par, to shallow management hierarchy
Can't get anything done, so much red tape. As a Recruiter you are really just a paper shuffler and Hiring managers rule the roost so if they are incompetent then your hands are tied and there is no way to be successful. Huge company politics are in play and it is difficult to figure out who to align yourself with. If a process isn't working there is no way to effect any real change.
Hard to grow in your career. Lots of unattractive projects for new people. If you aren't careful, you can easily get stuck with something you don't want to do.
- big and complex, could move faster in some areas
It seems that there is somewhat shortage of clarify about people's functions over there. Overlap of work is common. But most of people are very bright working there. It seems many people care more about enhancement of PowerPoint rather than company products. Still it is a company with great potential.
-The hiring process is intense -A lot of information - difficult to manage it all (ironic, huh)
Too Engineer focused and not much thought given to internal infrastructure and operations
pay is okay, work is not easy. lots of internal procedures are always changing and often confusing, not enough hierarchy, difficult to maintain a balance with so many things going on at once,
Base pay is just okay, work is not easy (very sink or swim), lots of internal procedures are always changing and often confusing, difficult to maintain a balance with so many things going on at once (a diversity/chaos of activity)
- Easy to feel lost in the crowd - If you're not an engineer, you're not valued as highly - Projects move slowly (huge bureaucracy) - Advancement within the company seems unusually difficult
Google management is pretty bad. Many cool innovative ideas from engineers were "killed" by managers because they were unable to understand their importance. Projects similar to facebook and yelp were made in google long time ago and they did not start and succeed because of management failure. Top management never understood importance of social and local until very recent time. Promotion system is really bad. I was glad to get my promotions but many people are very unhappy. There is no fair system to evaluate quality and amount of your results. Basically, everything depends on your manager, he likes you, you are doing very well, he dislikes you, you are in hell. Recent privacy scandals were very embarrassing for many employees. I did not expect my company to intercept wi-fi traffic.
More work... not much pay..
unorganized no focus to individual efforts
As Google grows, it seems like there are hundreds of different projects going on at once. It is a bit overwhelming, but also very exciting to see that Google can foster such an open, start-up environment.
(1) Worklife/balance - very hard working environment. Can be a con for some. Overall the company tries to manage this as best as possible, but the reality of being in a fast-growing highly innovative company is more work than in a slower paced environment (2) Getting large/bureaucratic - for a fast moving company, it has grown up since the mid-2000s and so is more bureaucratic than say a startup but MUCH LESS than other corporates
Goolge has to win over it's competitors: Apple and Facebook if it is going to continue to grow and still have a stock that keeps going up!
Google is fighting the 'law of large companies', and is doing pretty well but there's a certain inevitability afoot too: Over the four years I've been there, I've noticed scaling back of perks (and also at times a sickening culture of employee entitlement), a steady rise of red tape to run a scalable service in the production environment, a certain amount of stiff corporate speak and a uptightness over branding, image, and in some cases (though definitely not all) an aversion to risk taking has to some extent dampened my enthusiasm a little bit. Still an amazing place to be though.
Needs to be run more tightly and with more focus.
The cons of working at Google are that if you are not an engineer, there is not as much flexibility and creativity allowed.
- Its is a big organization,thus takes time to understand various departments and areas - Hate to sit in cubical
- Middle management is very detached from work - Everything is looked from a efficiency standpoint, and sometimes that cannot be done - Indication (in ops groups) that decision is coming from the top down rather than bottom up as was tradition
Google has become a big company.
Too few opportunities. Engineers can be extremely weird here. I would recommend against this job for another tech company. Direction is vague and erratic.
The bigger the company gets, the more difficult it is to get things done.
Never get to see my product make it to launch
too much work and very weird hours!
The non-confrontational culture of Google, though generally a perk, causes some issues. Under-performance is still often ignored or poorly-addressed. Interpersonal conflicts can become passive-aggressive.
You must work long hours.
This job is sometimes stressful. I cant really say anythign else about this company that is bad. Good company overall.
all benefits at Google are provided so as to keep you at work as long as possible. Serious egotism is a problem.
elitism and arrogance are commonplace low promotion rate = highly competitive as company grows individual work becomes less impactful
The downside is that you'll need to take advantage of all that because you'll be so busy with work. My experience was that doing well at Google took over my life completely while I was there, requiring me to work during the shuttle ride, at work and during lunches, on the shuttle ride home, and most evenings and weekends. When I talked to other folks inside the company, many of them agreed that they had the same experience.
Work is all about self-starting, for good or for bad. If you don't try and create your own projects or find things to do, you will end up doing the things no one wants to do. While this is good for innovation, it makes the first few months on the job suck, as you won't know enough about the baseline to innovate anything.
Long work hours. Lots of young people with no outside obligations to compete with.
No opportunity whatsoever towards a permanent position.
You might get allocated to a position that is below or mismatched with your skills. Since the majority of their software engineers are PhD's, there are many PhD's doing things you don't need a PhD for -- "flipping burgers". Less opportunity for career advancement, managers tend to get hired externally rather than promoted internally.
Sales organization is run poorly, as it contains non-sales personnel that are under-compensated. There is a bit of a cult-of-personality at the top levels (i.e. there's only one "Marissa" at Google).
so many ceilings to advancement within google. everyone is relatively young and so there is not a lot of upward mobility.
the hours were really inflexible and sometimes it was hard to get time off. the working conditions weren't very ideal either.
Gaining weight from the great food (I'm +10 lbs, but working it down). Other than that, not much.
Work life balance, demanding schedule, and hours
Company not growing as fast anymore.
No career development / ladder / useful feedback. If you're not Eng, you're nothing.  FAIR WARNING: When you realize there is more to a career than free food and you start to apply with other companies you will most likely be asked if you know how to behave yourself / act like an adult / perform in a traditional office environment.
The management was too far removed from our group. They really had no idea what we did or how. And they never asked. The would make power plays against each other that would adversely affect the day to day of the people working below them. There was a very strong feeling of working "for" them, Not "With" them.
Same work over and over
Hard to get converted to full-time as a contractor.
Big company means that jobs become very specialized It's a bit chaotic - great if you are good with change and ambiguity - but some people have a hard time Engineering is treated as a golden child so if you are in another part of the company, you are often not treated as respected or treated quite as well - that said, most perks and benefits are company-wide
Career advancement and promotions are vague. Job titles mean nothing -- you can be doing something someone 2 levels higher is doing, but you won't get paid the same.
- Most tools used are internal-only instead of open-source, so you may not gain a lot of transferrable skills. - Big company, not a lot of transparency and can't make a big impact.
As a ordinary employee it is difficult to see the whole picture of where your project is going.
The Seattle office is definitely more top down and autocratic than most other Google offices. Far less freedom to change projects and work on things that interest you.
too much free food, got to watch out of your weight
* Much of the work is not interesting * Mid-level executive leadership is questionable * "Death march" schedules and random priority changes becoming more common * No career path from engineer to having substantive influence over what gets worked on * Too many overqualified people forced into work that's beneath their abilities
Working at Google has a stiff learning curve, and it can be challenging to ramp up and get your footing here -- especially if you have been doing software development 10+ years elsewhere and are accustomed to being a big fish. In you aren't on a very short list of luminaries (e.g. a Vint Cerf), then respect and influence have to be re-earned from scratch based on what you do at the company. Your past merits may have helped you get in the door, but inside they buy you nothing. So, to thrive here you have to grow and sustain some inspiration about what's possible, to keep your head above the daily grind of routine work.  Working at Google can isolate you from the global technology community, as well as sometimes from our users. We have our own technology stack and internal lingo, so systems and methods learned here aren't always transferable. We exist in an extreme media spotlight, in highly competitive markets, dealing with sensitive information, so we are very cautious about sharing anything externally. The culture tends to be inward facing: everything is on campus (the Googleplex) -- meals, entertainment, perk, education, tech talks -- so why engage outside of the bubble? Our approach is to solve everything with automation so that the system works on a global scale, but human-to-human customer service does not "scale", and so is sometimes given short shrift.
Google, fortunately, is the worst company I have ever worked for. It attracts so many talent people to work for this company, but in fact, the only give software engineers the special treatment. I've seen so many great engineers in operation team were treated like nothing.  1. management sucks My manager is the root cause that every engineer suffers. He is the best politician I have ever seen in my life. Ever since he promoted to be a manager, he started to play all the dirty games among us. He spent $20 mil per year on some equipments which melt down network connectivity so many times every month. He claimed that the equipments would save Google for 10 millions per year, but in fact, we spent a lot more work hours on trying to solve the problems these junks caused. The main problem is, there is no test base for these junks. Aren't we supposed to test all the equipment before we implement or even purchase them? Not these junks... how does it happen? pick ur guess! How about we go the manger above him. Too bad.. the upper manager is his buddy. There is no complain or any bad thing would ever leak out through these 2 layers of managers. They cover everything up very well. In fact, one of the manager's jobs should ensure the fairness. Well... "fairness" is NEVER been seen at this team.  2. politics tricks My manager has this policy: all the engineers under level III can not talk to the engineers above level IV. Well.... before I join google, I thought anyone could talk directly to anyone, even to CEO. But my manager fired a person who asked questions to a level IV. His recently move was - promoted two of his favorites to be managers and directly reported to him. You know what it means? He just promoted himself since there are two managers reporting to him now. That was the exact trick his upper manager did a couple years ago. Now... there are 3 levels of management under one director. How does this director allow this happen?? well.. that's the politics. So, when the new engineer join the team, how many levels above him?? It's IMPOSSIBLE that you get promoted if there is one new layer added. Most likely, you got downgraded every year!!  3. STEALING/CHEATING I've never seen so many cheating cases ever since I graduated from college, but here, at Google. We have two level IV engineers responsible for designing networks with one stealing ideas/credits from the other one's work!! And this cheating is permitted by the upper manager!! How did it happen? well... the managers playing the games. The two (now three) levels managers ensures that none of outside team could work with the talent engineer alone. When they steals, those seniors all lined up and the upper manager would give pressure down to turn in the design and the credits. Whoever on the same side of this level IV engineer would suffer a hard time and have bad reviews from those managers. So, we watched the stealing and cheating happening every day but no one dare to say anything.  <to be continued>
Work pressure is big. The company likes code better than research ideas. Research progress is slow due to the constraints on the tools.
to greedy company and kills all the other business and is a real hard to manage this huge company al
Google doesn't compete on speed -- it competes on quality. In that regard it is a lot like Blizzard. So if you're entrepreneurial and like to attack new markets this is not a good place for you.
the managers from my experience did not know how to manage. they seemed like former engineers that were just given the title. No leadership, guidance, or followup throughout my year there. Also when it came time to convert me to full time, management failed and "forgot" to submit my application. Contractors overall seemed pretty unhappy even with all the awesome company perks. It just seemed like there was just some lack of respect for us.
While young employees tended to feel compensated fairly for their work, peers with more experience felt salaries were low and perks were overrated. There was little opportunity for advancement in management for non-MBAs.
- managers detached, not aligned with team goals, focus on networking and their next job - chaotic, siloed organization, lots of inefficiency - sales organization is afterthought, mostly exists to patch up bad adwords user experience - so you're there to fix a problem nobody wants to admits exists. not a great career track! - i had two young MBAs as managers who both left me baffled as to what it is they did, or knew how to do. both were promoted! one sat me down in a 1:1 and told me to focus on my family and private life more, because caring too much about my job would only lead to problems because most of the issues in our department were not going to be fixed, and that's not really how you advance in your career anyway. it was good advice and all true, but it tells you something that this is what my soon-to-be-promoted boss told me. - lots of activity that has nothing to do with the company's products or business goals: events, parties, dance classes, on-campus organizations, etc. it's a lot like college that way. it's possible to spend A LOT of your time on tangential activities, keep getting good performance reviews (because the diversity festival or whatever is so great for google), and just hang out and make money and never impact the business. To me, this is really weird and not a plus, but a lot of people of course love it. - I left because basically I realized that if what I had achieved in the last year did not get me a promotion (major overhaul of one aspect of the business), nothing ever would. promotions aren't really about business impact at Google, they are about NOT having too much of an impact and rocking the boat. Having a dog helps a lot.
In finance, non-technical management somewhat helpless in technical environment. IT problems fester because leadership is detached... can't envision and implement solutions. Poorly designed internal processes lead to massive inefficiency in day-to-day operations. Culture of autonomous work is being replaced by corporate, tops-down autocracy. 20% of people in finance provide 80% of the functional value, because the other 80% of people don't have necessary technical skills to contribute.
No career track Bad upper management
1. Too many smart people. 2. Report structure is too complicated. 3. The cube set up looks weird, no privacy at all.
- Too much expectations - Difficult to balance work and personal life. - Expectations too high, instant delivery is expected
Committee decisions very large company Too much politics
The base salary is just okay, but annual bonuses make up for it if you're a solid employee (ie., meeting or exceeding expectations).
The environment has changed since the early days. This may just be Operations jobs and does not necessarily apply to all Engineering though. Even still it's a great job.
Chaotic, lots going on all the time.
contractors are treated with disrespect. the company makes it unclear what is needed in order to transition from a contractor to a full time employee. contractors are left in the dark.
Promotions hard to get, process a bit opaque.
- You do work pretty hard. - Limited career growth opportunities. Only hire MBAs for manager positions. - Managers aren't than capable and don't understand the job. - Good to stay and learn for 4 years but you will need to leave in order to grow your career.
- Senior management in the weeds too much - Very silo'd roles, hard to break out of your career ladder vertical - Lack of career paths, and career advice - Becoming more political over time
Sometimes difficult to get recognition for a job well done. Can be a little hectic on some teams, while it can be painfully slow on others. Moving from one team to another hinges on getting well known, and in some instances promoted, yet the promotion process is quite difficult to make it work for you. You may try to get promoted one year and get refused by a committee when another one would have given you the promotion, because the members of that committee were more aware of what you did or who you are.
It's not a small company anymore and it's easy to feel more like a number than a name. Because the change is so often and rapid, you may find yourself working for someone who did not hire you, which can be an issue.
Too many people full of themselves, extremely flat company structure with little or no promotion opportunities, depending on the department/product you are working on.
The organization is flat. Which also means that there is little room to grow. Too much free food.. can't be good.
Unorganized compared to other big software companies.
No con that I know of.
the hiring process is not perfect.
become middle age and some office politics
Way too many meetings (can fill half of your daily calendar), sometimes poor internal information management (getting info on an earlier project can only be done by talking to someone who may be gone for weeks, rather than any centralized info mgmt center).
pressure is high, tedious job
The working environment is not very friendly, there is an air of arrogance. The recruiting and HR processes are especially slow and tedious.
promotion limitations and long hours
business decisions are not transparently shared, the 20% is a misnomer, you dont really get that much time, bias towards profit generating products
It's a cross between grad school and a hundred little startups. I haven't always gotten guidance from management about what's important or how the teams need to work together. Like grad school, there's times where it does feel all your responsibility. Marketing and bigger vision sometimes comes from the product managers, but it always feels like individual advice rather than a single clear vision of where we should go.  Individual teams have a lot of control over libraries and code they use, so lots of infrastructure projects grow as research projects that succeed only if adopted by significant numbers of other teams.  Although there is a big vision for the company, it isn't as focused or controlled as in other companies, there's really an assumption that the right stuff will bubble up. It's not a place with the razor-focused direction.  Initial titles/ranks and promotions are determined by committees of other engineers. This is great because you're recognized for your engineering work, but bad if you aren't churning out enough code or if you're not having enough impact on the rest of the company. Initial titles get assigned 6-12 months in when you're put in the same pool as existing Googlers who are up for promotion. If you don't match up to them, you go down a slot - no difference in salary, bonuses based on new level, and any mental scars from being judged unworthy. It doesn't really matter, but if you're at Google you're probably not used to failing.  Everyone's driven to succeed. There may not be a lot of external pressure from management to pull long hours, but folks tend to do it anyway because they want to accomplish something great. It's an easy place to feel you're below average, even when you've been tops everywhere else.
it is very hectic. need to keep up.
difficult to move to another group heirarchical needs more training for young people secretive senior management corporate philanthropy worker benefits
hard work, long hours, sometimes there is a lack of reognition
- Growth within the company is difficult unless you're prepared to sacrifice personal life and sleep, or if you got in the company early enough to manage people who can implement your ideas. - Inconsistencies in pay within grades and across tracks often make me feel my PhD wasn't worth the N years of effort.
The promotion structure is problematic. How you do in your core job is very undervalued in determining promotions. You can be amazing at the main part of your job, but what's prized are all the extra little projects. You'd be better of neglecting your main job to take on 5 little side projects. They also tend to hire way too many people for management positions from outside rather than promoting from within. This means that it's almost impossible to get ahead.
Sometimes you can get overwhelmed by work in some departments.
-Biggest problem at Google = poor managers who lack leadership skills. My manager never once created an annual or quarterly strategic business plan. He (actually *I*) filled in the template given by management, but he never created a plan we could work toward. As a result, people did what they wanted, which was not always most profitable (in part because short term incentives don't align with long term profitability). This created a lot of problems. In 2007, the company created a new layer of middle-manager jobs and hired people internally...without training them to be managers! Disaster. Lots of inefficiency and broken promises. Horrible decision that continues to plague employees. There are some good managers, I just didn't work with any. -No career development. Minimal worthwhile training. You can take a course here and there, but when it comes to moving around the company, watch out. Sales, Engineering, and Enterprise are silos---you can't move between them. *Everyone* complains about this. Smart people have for years been talking about leaving. -They fired most of HR in 2009 (the others have always been contract workers without benefits), what remains of HR is really weak. HR is never helpful anyway. -No one "owns" decisions (not even managers or their managers!), but everyone gets a say...so few risks get taken and greatness rarely evolves beyond the idea stage -There's a lot of mediocrity, why improve when improvement might require you or teammates to work a little smarter or harder? Lots of resistance to change that requires more work. -Flat organization is bad for people whose work shows skill beyond job level / area & typical promotion cycles (senior management encouraged national sales team to think of lateral moves as promotions...even though you don't make more money, get better titles--and then must start the promotion journey afresh as if you had never worked there before) -Salary. When Google offered me the job, a well-known, respected web property with a similar job did as well. The latter offered me TWICE as much money as Google. Twice! And all the good benefits. -Salary increases over time. When you're promoted, you don't make all that much more. Bonuses are small (and taxed at 50%). Options are not worth as much as you think. And you don't get as much stock as you think, either. (These are taxed at 50%, too, so you don't really get very much!)  All of this relates to the non-engineering side. I always really liked the engineers and when I worked with their projects found great synergies. Unfortunate the sales side made it so hard to move over!
- Atmosphere is rather impersonal - Hard to fit in if you are further along in your career - Teams very silo'ed and x-team coordination almost impossible - Stock option packages minimal for people starting after 2006.. so not much upside there (though base/pay bonus are good). - Many old timers (pre-2004) still have lots of influence, but are no longer at top of game.
More and more politics over time, bad work/life balance
Support is limited, if you are a self-starter this will work for you. If you need lots of hands on help and coaching, continue seeking elsewhere
There's very little that I can think of that would constitute a downside at Google. For those looking for a startup opportunity its as close as a big company can get but still not the same thing (i.e. pitching a project at Google is a lot less stressful than pitching your business plan to a VC).
too many good management places taken by old per-2003 guys, no way to move over them even if you are extraordinary, little personal freedom to work on your own idea (it was the other way around 4 years ago), too much protocol,
-Significantly different experience across teams -Very important to have a strong manager who is willing to champion your career progression, etc, often leads to situations where work is ignored if manager is busy pushing personal agenda -Strong disparity in talent at international offices, greatly insecure senior management in some teams who wouldn't mind stepping over their team members and misrepresenting info upwards
There are a few people who've grown lazy or are waiting for their stock to vest, but fortunately they are a minority and in my daily life it isn't an issue at all .. it depends a bit on the team you're on though.  Also Google is the new favorite target in the press, while a huge amount of what is written is still positive it does sometime require shaking off some wildly speculating headlines and being very careful what you tell the press, if that's a part of your function.
sometimes a bit too much protocol...why do i need to respond to every little nuance when the company promotes austerity
Lack of Communication from Management Promotion/Advancement Process (360 Review plan) Lack of Process for a Company it's size Lack of training for new managers
- Compensation - Promotions are not transparent
It could suck for you if you are not a developer. If you are a developer, you never have to worry about things like squeezing out money from your products, but if you're anyone else the pressure is constantly on.  The Mountain View office has the best vibe, and this vibe is missing from the other offices.  Honestly, I don't care about this one but not all the fringe perks are as good as the media makes it out to be. Massages aren't free, you have to earn credits. You get one a year on your birthday and these are often given out as prizes for internal contests. Dry cleaning isn't free. Etc.  You will be too busy to take advantage of all the perks.  Base compensation is not great, but Google rarely lays people off. Google hires people that want to do a good job, so this isn't a place where if you have a bad quarter you are gone. You simply may be passed up for bonus, which will suck.
Your career growth might not be as quick as you expect.
Easy to get lost in the crowd, culture is a bit obsessive
higher pressure, deadlines, work life balance off, big company, not much mentoring, need to be hard working, lacks training and tutoring
less opportunity since it is a huge companies now.
You will face Software Engineering like interviews. They will test your ability to code and be excellent at algorithms and will be given utterly shitty job You will regret joining the company unless you are a fresh graduate student who likes to be pampered Pay is shitty as well except few lucky testers who get placed in "high profile" or "high demand" projects You will feel like a slave There is no getting out of it easily I have a degree from one of the top schools and I am already regretting joining google
-Tough to get new projects started
Too much ambiguity at times, relatively low pay, promotional structure is opaque and frustrating, engineers can be difficult to work with.
* Limited upside compared to a start-up. You don't come to Google thinking you're going to strike it rich in one fell swoop anymore. This is the price of stability. * Company has grown quite large. There's something intangible that changes with growth, and even getting to know everyone in your extended team can be hard. There are no all-company events anymore. These have been replaced with organization-specific events. * Management quality varies. I have a great manager but I've heard horror stories. * Your initial project is assigned based on expressed preferences and relevant experience. It may take time to get off of it if you don't like it. * Ramp up may take some time, but don't get discouraged as this is expected. The software stack is almost all in-house and so there's indirect transfer to other systerms.
Reorgs every 6 months regardless of departmental needs. Getting promoted on merit is near impossible. Zombie projects are the norm. Lots of people trying to steal your ideas and backstab you for advancement opportunities.
Sometimes decisions are made top down with little to no involvement from middle management. Although they have peer recognition programs in place I don't think management does enough to recognize the efforts of their employees -- especially their managers. The extensive collaboration can at times drag projects out because everyone has to be involved and have their say in the project. As a larger company now -- Google seems to be far more process and structure driven -- partly out of necessity -- but it has changed the overall attitude and work environment.
Long hours, plus I had to work occasional weekends and holidays - didn't have much of a personal life outside of work. Also gained 15 pounds. Great place to get ahead in business, but not if you've got different kinds of career goals.
no room for growth as contractor and management made many empty promises
-You work really hard and don't make much in comparison -Lots of people who graduated from the same school in that office
It's an engineering company that just happens to need sales people
Frequent re-organizations which can cause your career to move more laterally than vertically Many of Google's senior managers are better as individual contributors than team/group leaders
Some people still whine that they don't have enough extras. The workspace is very hectic and noisy. Sometimes things seem to move too fast in every direction.
They hire too many young overachievers - people who have only ever "shown aptitude for having aptitude", as that one writer said. So it feels like half of everyone is angry about learning what being in the workforce is actually like, and shocked that you don't get promoted for working 12 hours a day and having aptitude and a great GPA.
Why invent one wheel when you can have four for five times the price.
- Not a startup anymore, starting to feel like a corporate environment - Compensation not as high as other companies in the locality - Recognition for your work is sometimes lacking - Can get lost in the sea of people
Unfortunately Google is a big company, so there's always red tape. How much you have to deal with it depends on which group you end up in. It can be hard to see how your project fits into the grand scheme of thing given how big the company is now.
Mergers and acquisitions not up to par.
Again, being a vendor instead of a Googler, is not quite as bad as being a 2nd class citizen, but it was close. I also found the group I was in to be close to complacent and risk averse.
- Base pay average, though bonus is high - low number shares of stock (plus, stock prices are low compared to peak) - Getting big and bureaucratic (e.g., launch process long and painful) - Harder to advance because of stronger peers - Minimal management attention: non-self-starters can get lost
No cons to complain about. The job was simple enough. The pay wasn't high enough to justify any sort of con list. I was a peon!
Lots of smart people, but lots of subpar people somehow managed to get hired as well. 20% time is a myth. I suppose some people get to do that. I don't know any personally as every group I've worked with is stressed and working hard on the project they're on. At Google it was better to be early than good. Being in the wake of a mass exodus of (mostly) young millionaires (many of whose first job was Google) and being handed their mediocre work to fix can really kill your incentive to "go further" here, especially when later senior folks are not well compensated equity-wise. Google is a big company that provides a comfy job but none of the burning desire to go that extra mile because they aren't making the effort to take you with them.
Flat hierarchy, little room for career advancement
Not much to say here :)
Everyone's had the kool-aide! They are having growing pains, too. It is a terrible place to start a career, many would say.
The company has grown substantially during the 4+ years I've been here. Management does a good job in trying to limit bureaucracy, but there's definitely more bureaucracy than there was 4 years ago.  Also, base salaries tend to be much lower than competitors. For a company that prides itself on hiring the best, they certainly don't pay the best when it comes to base salary.
The company is getting really big. Products and infrastructures are huge now. Launching new products is getting really hard. Persuading people to go for a new idea can be an endless round of futile meetings. Getting promoted is harder now as the company is top heavy.
- Very hard to move up in the org - Too many cooks in the kitchen - Too many teams doing parallel work
very arrogant culture. Old-timers may have a sense of entitlement. Not much growth potential anymore unless you are politically connected with stars. Too many cooks in the kitchen. Too bottoms up, makes cross-team work potentially frustrating. Many remote offices are weak. If you work with a remote team, get ready for a bunch of "C" players with poor cultural fit.
Although promotions are said to be fair, it is all how you game the system and play the game. Don't expect to be put on amazing projects, those are for the super elite. There is a 3-4 year exit strategy here, and lately it seems its shortened to 1 to 2 years. New employees come in and realize this place isn't all that it's cracked up to be.
It's extremely disorganized. There's either not enough work or way too much. No feedback. No structure. It's not always clear how to contribute.
The hours are very long and hard, and work/life balance still needs to be improved. Management says they are doing their best to make this better, though it has not improved.
Relatively flat org means there are few chances for one to advance. It is not uncommon to have a senior manager with 40+ directs. There are lots of smart people. In a way, it is a good thing. The downside is that a lot of them want to play safe, which hampers innovation.
Job growth could be limited as company gets older. Sometimes job growth gets a bit stale.
A sense of entitlement from some employees With so many reports per manager, it is easy to get over looked if you don't speak up Group offices. Sometimes I really want a door and a quiet place to work
See review headline - "Great place to work... "
I feel sorry for some of the people who start to work at Google right out of college or academia. They are in for a rude shock when they go to other companies.
It's really hard to shine. As the company has grown at an amazing rate, you become a little guy amongst hundreds of strong performers. Even if you're doing well, there's probably somebody else putting in more than the extra effort. By this I mean, so many people work day and night and achieve great things, but for those who have other things going on in their lives it's just hard to compete and be noticed. It's hard to blame managers as they can't reward everybody but it's really hard to maintain a healthy work/life balance.
Sometimes managment has issue with letting people know to stance of the company. You will find more information if you look yourself
Senior management lacking the skills / experience to manage.
It is a very disorganized environment. The company still feels chaotic and like a start up. Also, it seems the company takes advantage of people by lowering the salary.
little room for upward mobility.
* Very long hours. At least where I was, people would seriously work 12-14 hours a day (out of which 90% would be "effective hours", churning away tons of code). * Peer reviews, while apparently treated seriously, are in fact a half joke. Your manager is your God. You fit with him/her, you're golden, you don't, you're dead meat. Most managers seem at least alright, however, I apparently got very unlucky. * Code reviews. I have heard many a old-time Googler complaining about the pedantry. "Code review Nazis" are commonplace. From discussions w/ other Googlers, it seems the transition from "this doesn't break anything and doesn't embezzle funds" to state-of-the-art torture has happened over the past couple years. This hurts productivity big time, and given that you're still expected to have completed a ton of work, guess what happens.. yeah, you got it: you'll leave past midnight and work from home during the weekends to barely meet expectations. * The "transfer to any project any time you want" is an absolute myth nowadays.  Caution: from informal discussions, it seems that I really got the short end of the stick, and that in other parts of Google things are much smoother. YMMV.
If you like working in a very structured environment then you might not like it here.
There is a lack of overall organization so if you like a highly structured environment it may not be the best place for you. The company is very data driven which can be a pro or a con depending on your preferences. Google is a very engineering driven company so if you are not comfortable in that type of environment then the company may not be a good fit for you.
Mundane work. If you are not an engineer, you are considered back office. Surprisingly the systems have not been developed enough so you end up being the band-aid holding things together.
- Bureaucracy - Lack of management
My experience was that of an intern so it may not be typical, but I ended up doing work I had absolutely no interest in and didn't envision getting my degree for without much opportunity to do something different. When interns are recruited they don't have much of a say on what type of work they'd like to do, so if you're stuck with something you don't like and want to work on more interesting things, that's what evenings and weekends are for.  If you have a PhD you can do some fascinating things at Google, but if you just have an undergrad degree you might be better off at a smaller company where you will get more opportunities to do different kinds of work that span several job positions at Google.
- inconsistent vision. You're never quite sure what senior management is thinking, or whether they have a master plan. In fact after working there for several years you're beginning to think they don't. A lot of decisions are whim decisions. Projects get killed on a whim and resurrected on a whim  - launches & rollouts extremely frustrating. A lot of launch gates & reviews, some are understandable but some are quite ridiculous. Too few people control too many aspects of things.
Big company syndrome. We have dozens of VPs and hundreds of directors. Some are good, all have their own agenda. Successfully launching something to our users is a matter of convincing the right set of people, not building a great product.  Hiring bar is lower than it used to be. There are lots of great people coming in, but also plenty of mediocre and some bad hires.  Company is much less transparent than it used to be.
Little influence on which area you get assigned to at first. Probably not much of a financial upside at this stage. Takes an extremely long time to get up to speed and feel productive.
Very large organization. Seemed to provide fewer job advancement opportunities than I was looking for. Little project ownership (feature ownership perhaps, but typically the project involves many many people). In my case, the project had three different managers who worked out of two different offices, leading to lots of confusion.
none. the food makes up for everything. the micro kitchen food is going down in quality. many chiefs, not enough indians. our battleship is becoming a bald eagle. we will fly on wings like eagles.
Long hours, high stress. Depending on which part of the organization you are in, expectations can be wildly different for the same job level, and promotion is a very tricky path and done by committee, and decisions from them seem arbitrary and hard to justify. It seems to have become an unwritten rule that not seeking promotion over a 2-3 year period is unacceptable.
The top levels of management are arrogant and inattentive. They seem to very self interested and only spout pre rehearsed, scripted answers to important questions. Promotions and reviews are based on your managers mood. The management is so flat that some managers have legions of googlers rolling up into them. This makes it very hard to stand out. The perks are there to put stars in your eyes so you won't see that there is very little opportunity for career advancement of nay note.
Ambiguity - it's still a young company and the transition from on-fire web start up to mature company with Q/Q responsibilities to shareholders isn't entirely clear. As a result, you have to be comfortable with an unclear career path.  Management Divide - I don't feel that management involves employees further down the chain in company-level strategic decision making as much as they should.
Office environment – It could be very noisy and interruptive with 5 to 10 persons sitting in one room. It’s not the best setting for strong and independent engineers to focus and develop solid code. There are such engineers in our office that hardly able to focus and be quiet for more than 30 minutes, always talk loud and flatter each other. I am annoyed and disturbed on an hourly basis.  Project management: poor project management, lack of discipline and launch schedule. It’s very hard to estimate what and by when project will be launched. There is no one to enforce some discipline on code quality and stability. Launch delay quarter after quarter. When accountability finally comes and the project risks of being canceled, I see desperate launch push and poor code quality.  Manager role: Managers and directors usually stay far away from daily project management duties. Manager does not know what individual software engineer is doing so don’t slightly expect such otherwise you will be disappointed. Majority managers are not technically strong and write zero or negligible code. Don’t expect much technical inspirations or lead by example from your manager. You will neither see much career mentoring nor other “soft” help from the manager. I had 1:1 with my previous manager maybe 3~4 times during the whole year period. Despite being the “manager” of our project, all his involvement was showing up a few times in our project meeting and later claims making big impact to the project on his self performance evaluation.  Career growth: Despite the peer review model, the manager’s feedbacks appear to be what really matter. People that are vocal and suck up to their managers are very more likely to be promoted. If you are hard-working engineer that is able to and like to solve hard problems independently without making superficial noises, and expect Google to recognize your contributions, you will be very disappointed. I know some of such solid and senior engineers, about half of them already let Google. This is very counter-intuitive given the perception people have about Google.  Project and team: Google is primarily an advertisement (instead of technology) company. The web search infrastructure is awesome however only need a relatively small number of people work on that. The available projects for most people, especially in satellite offices, are limited and not technically hard-core. If you are a senior and talented engineer, you may not find a local project that allows you to focus and solve hard challenging technical problems. It also becomes harder to find other senior talented engineers that you respect and love to work on, given senior engineers are leaving and junior engineers are joining.  Engineering quality: I am disappointed with the code quality of my current team. Despite Google’s code review standard and practices, too many times people hastily touch existing code or add hacky code with no real testing. Such code checked in and deployed to data center. Overall it requires a lot more unnecessary iterations and bug fixes to stabilize the system. I don’t mind working 60 hours per week at all but it is frustrated to see most time wasted dealing with silly buggy integrated system. There is no engineering process to ensure code quality and stability or make a launch date more predictable. I see a general lack of engineering discipline and experience to implement very solid code from software engineers with no or just a few years experience.
For my particular part-time position, the number of hours I could work varied from week to week depending on the amount of work the company had available. Some weeks the number of hours available were pretty low.  The biggest downside for me is that Google will only let you keep this job for one year. I really enjoyed the work and would still be doing it if they would let me.
It has grown so big that it has lost some of its culture. Career advancement is now the slow slough in any big multinational company. And late-comers might envy the people who joined earlier who got more opportunities to advance.
Big company, enormous code base, everything is slow.
Its a relatively new company, so corporate ladder isn't defined. This is good and bad. You get a chance to develop your own career path, but on the flip side, you kind of have to develop your own career path if you want to get promoted. Internal promotions are slow.
Hard to get management experience due to flat structure and now slower company growth. Highest opportunities require you to be down in Mountain View. Title deflation is also an issue since a Product Manager at Google is probably equivalent to a Group Program Manager at Microsoft and a Senior Product Manager is as accomplished as a Director at Microsoft. Most people don't know that outside of Google so it may make the post-Google job harder to land.
There seems to be a lot of overhead to launching even though the company tries to foster small start-up groups. I think many small groups fragments the resource space and in some ways makes for artificial scarcities.
since there is alot of smart people, means that it's hard to stand out. Also, as they are smart, it means that many are also arrogant.  it's not that easy to advance your career here. The "big company" culture is starting to take hold in this company (e.g. lots of politics and good talent leaving).  Many bad managers that became managers because they were early employees.  Pay is low compared to other silicon valley companies.
Cut backs masked as "being more green" or "complying with Mountain View". Founders are involved in just about every major launch decision and projects live or die depending on their whims.
Slower growth means less chance of advancement. No more major paydays here. If you are in sales realize that Google is an engineering company and not a sales focused company.
food is really great and free
low salary compared to industry
A lot of people come right out of school, and they expect the world on a silver platter. New college grads got used to fresh blueberries in the morning for breakfast, and now think this is a terrible place to work without those berries, but we still get free meals! It can be a snobby atmosphere, especially in the New York office, with Ivy league grads showing off their college brands. It is somewhat pompous, especially when these bright techies lack social skills.
The industry changes extremely quickly.
Office layout can be pretty packed (5 engineers to a office hut at times). Some projects are not as glamorous as other projects. Perks are on the decline due to the economy (but they're still pretty ridiculous relative to other places).
One of the the things that I felt the most was most difficult to deal with at Google was the competition for promotion within the organization. While the talent of the team they have assembled at Google is second to none, it makes standing out amongst your peers that much more difficult, and it was ultimately the reason I decided to leave. Google is not the place to work if you feel like you need constant reassurance about the quality of work you're doing. Feedback from your superiors is not often given out, and a pat on the back for a job well done is simply not part of the culture, unless your accomplishments are astronomical.
Long work hours -- 10+ hours/day is typical for many engineers. Middle management is hit and miss. Some managers I've worked with are excellent, others mediocre. Haven't had any managers that I thought were actively out to get me.
The atmosphere can be stressful, and the culture isn't for everyone. Although being a Gogoler is fun, recruiting is not the most riveting job, and promotins can be arbitrary.  Good for short term, not good as a long-term career prospect.
Hard to get ahead, increasingly bureaucratic
Limited Growth potential since it is a flat organization. Google has very flat hierarchy and thus many senior people come in at a lesser job title. For example, many of my peers might have been Managers, VPs at their previous companies and now they are individual contributors and not managing or leading a team. I think Google could do a better job of improving job titles and also career progression even if it is the management of job titles. As another example, as a Sales Engineer, you could be at a level 4, 5, or 6, and still have the same job title of Sales Engineer... Maybe google should make it Associate Sales Engineer, Sales Engineer, Senior Sales Engineer.
Growing pains as a result of rapid growth & acquisition!
From my four years of working at Google, I've seen the following downsides:  * In sales, management level employees tended to be hired from MBA programs rather than be promoted from within. I was not personally affected by this practice, but I witnessed the demoralizing effect this had on a good number of very high performers who would have benefitted from a performance-education program so that their level of effort and seniority would have been recognized. In addition, as is almost always the case from hiring outside management, there was a great deal of frustration from employees because the manager was completely unfamiliar with the culture and process at Google, and this resulted in a feeling of being managed by someone who learned management at Harvard or Yale.  * Google "over-hires" people. By this, I mean that Google regularly staffs highly-qualified people in positions that are not suited to their level of education. So, for example, you would see software engineers being hired by support. That's just stupid. I appreciate the high standards that Google has for its employees, but I genuinely think they tend to over-correct in that regard, and this results in people not really being suited for the position into which they are hired. Sometimes it's possible for such people to migrate to other positions within the company to which they are better suited, but often this results in a level of frustration... mostly in this case people find work elsewhere, but in the mean time, this very necessary position must be filled by another hire, which then must also be trained. Not efficient, and not effective. Google also tends to focus hiring assessment on academic scores, which is entirely appropriate for new grads, but they do this even for people with multiple years in the field. That's just silly, and it actually does run contrary to the whole performance process within the company itself, where effort and accomplishments are recognized. Thus, it makes no sense to disregard this type of assessment for new hires whose professional contribution can far outweigh their academic performance by many years.  * Google encourages employee contribution to so many different projects that it is difficult for someone to get "deep" into a particular project and focus entirely on that effort. In this, I am speaking from my own personal experience. I feel that volume of contribution is valued at times over quality or depth of contribution. There is a sort of "check list" mentality where, the more bullet items you can point to, the more you are seen as a strong contributor. I think there should be more attention paid to contribution to items that are complex in nature and require more focused attention. for me, it's just frustrating, because I cannot live up to my own level of quality in my main project because of other demands from other projects.
no rewards to people acutally get the work done
Too informal on the way some workers present themselves
Gone are the days of a biologist being hired as a senior product manager (Salar). Now Google hires MBAs with 2 years at Proctor and Gamble or 3 years at an investment bank as our typical product hire. People that thrive on bureaucracy and build up the team. When HR is more than a few dozen people and there are both HR and Facilities vice presidents, you know that the company has gotten way too top heavy.
Google is a large company that desperately wants to behave as a small company. Although trying to preserve many of the values that made the company great to begin with is admirable, it is also a source of headaches. The flipside of change being driven from the bottom-up is that it often seems like the strategic direction of product launches / expansions are a little half baked. The entrepreneurial culture of being quick to respond also results in a lot of chaos. Playing the politics game is also becoming an issue for promotions since there are only so many slots in a flatter organization. This will become increasingly true as the company's growth slows and less opportunities open up from expansion.
Very poorly organized. You're never sure what you should be working on or how you're doing. Everybody seems nice, but you never know what they're thinking and they don't really help you at all.  People goof off a lot, so it's not a place for hard-working, intense people.  My manager took off for 3 weeks a week after I got there, leaving me to figure everything out for myself.
The lack of any coherent strategy can be extremely frustrating. The entire company just kind of wanders through the daisies as if at the whim of a couple of billionaires with attention deficit problems. Hmm. Let's buy some wireless spectrum! No, let's make a browser! Wait, let's make a phone! Let's make a wireless phone browser social network thing! That will be awesome!  Be prepared for _enormous_ variance in recognition and compensation, between individuals and between projects. The sexy new project that doesn't make a dime in revenue, and everybody already wanted to work on anyway, will probably get the multi-million dollar awards. Slave away on ads for a few years and, well, you'll get the satisfaction of knowing that you're keeping the lights on for the kids playing foosball.  Similarly, many complain about the "low-numbered" employees, which are indeed a problem. Why they stick around, I don't know. Their level of talent runs the full spectrum, but you can usually count on them having egos and titles to match their bank accounts.
We are smart people - we can be more democratic with internal company spending.
Feedback for quality and productivity is not very good and can be downright frustrating. Google does not tell us how we are graded so it is difficult to fix whatever was wrong in the first place. Another problem is that the response time for emails is a bit long.
Siloed from many perspectives. Most people were *very* unhelpful. I guess they are all so buried in their work, they don't have time to help you. Some of this seems short-sighted since your getting up to speed will allow you to take some of their burden off, but I did not see that happen.  A number of people have pointed out bad management. That is true, but in my opinion the non-existent HR is the bane of Google. I don't mean the HR folks that take care of your 401k's and administrivia, they were good to work with. I mean those who affect your career. About once a year, the director of HR for all of engineering would bring his dog-and-pony show to the googleplex and tell you how the perfs are done. The last couple of times they did these 'info session' with themes like Harry Potter or beach party! Wonderful use of their time! When you need to reach them, you can't because you cannot find a single unblocked slot in their calendar, but they have plenty of time to come up with these useless party schemes!
Management has spoiled us in order to become the #1 forbes rated company. Now they think we are a bunch of entitled a$$sholes. They created us... now they are unhappy with what they promised us to get to #1.
Although my peers made the best efforts to treat me "as an equal", the fact that I was a lowly *contractor* was never far from my mind. Yes, I was entitled to all the same physical privileges (massages, food, never ending snacks) but I received no other benefits (medical, 401k), and could not even gain access to internal job postings, because, well, I wasn't really a "Googler". I was also not entitled to a share of the sales bonus on ANY of the campaigns I worked on, although all full-time Googlers were. But I wasn't bitter, because I was working towards something, and I had a plan. I went out of my way to prove myself, work late hours, get noticed, and although my manager did make an effort to hire me on full time, it never happened, because it was never truly made a priority.  Another thing that rubbed me the wrong way was the sense of entitlement many Googlers seem to have. Complaints about food choices and other corporate decisions were not out of the norm - I think many people have forgotten what the real world is like...
Echoing much of the above: weak middle management, feedback/review, and career growth potential. A young, sometimes immature company. Most of the managers are there because they were there early. And they aren't leaving. And they really don't care, since they've already made their millions.
Lack of proper management, managers don't really care about employees and seem to have just gotten their jobs because they were there rather than showing any competence at actual managing. Competition between workers sometimes strains work-life balance as most are young twenty-somethings with no family to worry about or take care of - although this may change in the future, most older Googlers tend to leave instead of sticking around that environment.
1) Work-aholics. Motivated employees driven to work long hours (65hrs+ per week) 2) Little opportunity for positional advancement, given flat corp culture 3) Poor managers. Philosophy is to hire great people that don't need mgmt. Need to be comfortable acting without much guidance. Little formal training. 4) Can be difficult for folks that like structure, or can't adapt to be fast paced, ever changing culture, ever changing managers....etc. 5) Helpful to be outgoing, networker...
-- Google is a very flat organization despite its size. As such, you really have to differentiate yourself (amongst almost universally stellar applicants) and be persistent for years before you have an opportunity to grow into an even Junior management role.
Flat organization has given way to more hierarchy and middle managers, who are often woefully inept. Company has an inability to deal effectively with low performers. Hard to effect change in a large organization. Lots of people are becoming risk averse and more concerned about personal ass-covering than making good software.  "Don't be evil" is not a value shared by all at the company, especially newer hires.
underpaid, interview process takes too long, the work and place is not as cool as it may seem, cutting perks and benefits
Google is a very engineering-driven organization. At times, it seems like there are a multitude of different projects going on with very limited business coordination.
Since there are so make projects going on a Google, you may be hired and work on something not so interesting. Of course there are opportunities to change your team, it may take a while. Similarly, since some projects are just experimental projects, it's possible that your project is shut down and you're moved to something else.  Though not technically a 'downside', the only reason I am not returning to Google is because of the lack of hiring right now. I was interviewed and offered a full-time job, however it wasn't in the type of work that I wanted to do. This is also the case with a handful of other interns that I know.
the culture at google makes it pretty hard to advance. the company is pretty bottom heavy and the top is controlled by a small group of lifetime googlers.
Promotion and career path are not clear at all. The management is not always great, particularly if you're in the Online Sales and Operations organization. The pay is very very low, despite what you may imagine (those that made a lot of money are those that were hired before the IPO)
Lack of respect toward other employees, domineering behavior, inappropriate initial placement in the company, extremely poor treatment of employees by management, lack of recognition, barbaric management style, unprofessionalism, sense of entitlement, and generally very poor human behavior. On my first day on the job, I was horrified to find my new manager yelling and treating me in a demeaning way in front of other employees while others simply continued to work. Many employees tend to have a false sense of confidence about their smarts and knowledge base, as evidenced by the smug and arrogant attitudes they seem to have about matters even outside of their fields of expertise. Most employees know only their limited field and role, and do not stop to consider the extent to which life exists outside of their tiny contribution, and Google itself. An extreme emphasis is placed on wealth and material possessions, such that the company culture feels empty, sterile, and mindlessly capitalistic. Chatter around the workplace is vapid and mimics the austere, white-walled atmosphere--this is a company for kids who dare not to dream larger than owning the latest model ipod and roadbike and eventually buying that Tesla and McMansion.
The bottom up culture is fun, but sometimes it can feel a bit chaotic with a sense of duplicated effort.  Since everything must function at huge scale, it can sometimes take frustratingly long to get things done.  Working with very talented people can bring on a certain amount of self-inflicted pressure to be productive.
- You may land up in a non-important group - Industry experience is not valued, perhaps rightly so - Its hard to get promoted beyond a certain level.
All of the perks are designed to keep you at work longer, without additional pay. Additionally, promotion opportunities are generally available to those who kiss the right feet, not necessarily to those whom do the best work (or work the most efficiently).
lots of work, stress, some workers are acting a little too arrogant and look down other new employees. It's ridiculously hard to get hired at Google. They place a premium value on your pedigree (education, GPA, even outside interests) rather than on your skills and ability to contribute on a practical level. A Stanford grad with a 4.0 GPA doesn't automatically make a better employee than a UC grad. Or even (gasp!) someone without a degree at all.  There's no career path, and no career planning. I never had a good manager, much less a mentor, the entire time I was there. The people who got promoted were the ones who kissed up and knew how to play the game.  Low salaries. I know there are a lot of perks to "make up for it," but I'd rather have the money and decide how to spend it myself. Not being a new grad fresh out of college, I didn't care about the perks.
People really do feel entitled. I've seen some of the pettiest, most childish and selfish behavior from Googlers. Of course they're not all like that, but it can get embarrassing to watch. Also, some groups really do behave like a bunch of college freshmen or even pre-schoolers. For people who have a few more years of experience, I doubt they will find this to be a comfortable work environment. Some people really do consider themselves to be superior to others just because they work there.
Too many people jammed into a cramped, noisy office space.
Compensation packages are not the best. There is no formal training. You're expected to stand on your own feet and work on the problems. One needs to be extremely creative to be able to keep up to the standard.
Long hours, demeaning management, egos and elitist mentality run rampant. Because the globalization and product development is largely completed, the ability to get in and build something is mostly over. It's becoming sluggish and difficult to maneuver the sea of overachievers all wanting to be recognized.
Many people work very long hours, so it feels that you must do likewise in order to be considered a good employee.
Career advancement and career development at Google is challenging. Google is short on titles, erring to title beneath individual's experience. Navigating internal promotions is very difficult and finding the resources to set one's self up for advancement is realized only by the most political and resourceful.
As a software engineer you have to do many tasks, almost as running your own company within google.
Getting less googley over time.
1. Because the peer group is so good, expectations run high, as a result many people have to put in long hours. 2. Many engineers do not seem to engage in 20% projects - they can do these only if they find time from their main projects, which, due to point 1 above, is difficult without seriously affecting work/life balance. 3. I hear that career growth within the company is challenging - if you are someone who runs after job titles, this is not the place for you - you might end up having same/similar job titles for many years.
stress some times quite big
I did feel burn out at times. I also took work home many times.
There isn't really a lot of room for advancement. When you start at the company, things are great, but after a couple of years you'll realize that you'll probably be stuck in the same job for a long time.
Senior and middle management lack vision on where to steer the group. If engineers are first-class citizens, and sales people are second-class citizens, then the folks in the datacenters are definitely the third class citizens of Google. Very immature and childish personalities. There is pretty much no growth as the career ladders are a joke. While the perks are nice, and the regular benefits are on par with most other large companies, the compensation is again, a joke (almost a slap in the face). Good people leave the group and either move out of operations and into another group within the company, or leave the company altogether as they realize there is no real career to be made there. Hiring smart and talented people and giving them mundane tasks and assignments just makes no sense. There is no real innovation to be created in operations, essentially you are a worker bee to the company.
Maintaining a good work/life balance can be tough, especially if you live in the city and have to make the long commute every day. The company is highly engineering-driven which means that it can be hard to bring up radical ideas, thus the company is surprisingly conservative. There are some THICK processes, in spite of the relatively flat hierarchy of the company. Some executives are untouchable, even if they're not doing a great job. And it can be hard to get traction for good ideas… Google wants the best people doing even the simplest jobs.
None, at all. Seriously. If anything they provide such a great work environment that I don't want to leave... ever.
Some functions are really un-Googley! No work-life balance. No respect for people unlike themselves (e.g. you're not an ex-consultant? you're an idiot.) Teams under the same VP are not collaborative and do a poor job of sharing information. Poor knowledge management Recognition goes to those who talk the loudest Mismatched job content expectations Hard to transfer internally Hard to grow upward Little career development support
The Test Engineering org. is separate from the core engineering org. making it very difficult for the test engineers to make any real impact. Most of the time the test engineering efforts go unrecognized by the executive management team. The Test Engineering organization is filled with a bunch of very incompetent managers who are very solely focused on advancing their own careers.
Can have long hours because you don't want to disappoint high-achieving coworkers.
If you join as a Noogler, you will enjoy the perks, free food, massage, infinite offsites, inter-grouplets, events, socials and meeting brilliant people and all that. But the moment you start thinking of promotion or career role change, you will start observing this: -- Extreme preference is given for manager feedback during performance review cycles. Some managers have no clue about the products they are managing, In such cases, employees who are more vocal and are manager suck-ups get preferential treatment during the review cycles. But engineers who make more contributions, are recognized by peers but who are not in “good books” of their direct management or a level above, get penalized. Google should fix this, and fix it NOW, before it continues scaling rapidly thereby scaling this problem with it. So many of its managers are managers just because they happened to be there when Google was 500 people company. -- You will also observe that there is very little or no chance of career path advancement. This is different from a start-up. If you are ambitious and you haven’t discovered what your technical passions are, best advice is to not join Google. Google makes staying and getting stuck in your job very easy. All those perks are hard to leave behind. There is a fat possibility that you are stuck doing a tiny project that has no impact, no direction and you keep working hard day after day just to realize that the project is doomed to be deleted or has no future. Best bet is to get working on projects such as infrastructure, search or ads. -- You have to be in the driver’s seat when it comes to changing projects. This used to be easier in early days. Now managers decide your fate. Manager can essentially lock you down for 18 months before “releasing” you to a different project. Google should never take its employee morale for granted, yes, even if it is the most sought after company. There are many brilliant engineers leaving Google, and these are also people with lot of unvested options. Stock isn’t a carrot anymore.
It's ridiculously hard to get hired at Google. They place a premium value on your pedigree (education, GPA, even outside interests) rather than on your skills and ability to contribute on a practical level. A Stanford grad with a 4.0 GPA doesn't automatically make a better employee than a UC grad. Or even (gasp!) someone without a degree at all.  There's no career path, and no career planning. I never had a good manager, much less a mentor, the entire time I was there. The people who got promoted were the ones who kissed up and knew how to play the game.  Low salaries. I know there are a lot of perks to "make up for it," but I'd rather have the money and decide how to spend it myself. Not being a new grad fresh out of college, I didn't care about the perks.
somewhat disorganized, so you may not fit if you don't know what to do without somebody telling you grow too fast, not all employees are as high quality as before.
not enough coaching, lack of work life balance, not a good fit for moms with young children, performance review/calliberation is determined by a select group of peers. So, if you don't have a good relationship with such people, you can get dinged...
Lots of flexibility on what to work on, but the downside is that management controls the launch process. It's likely that your project may not be allowed to launch without several revisions.  Engineers used to own most product decisions, but things have shifted towards product management and upper management. Nobody seems to own broad strategic decisions - there's a strategy vacuum in many product areas.  Compensation is good, but obviously the equity situation doesn't compare to what you'd get at a proper startup. For this reason, entrepreneurs and people with big ideas are advised to look elsewhere if they have an appetite for risk / reward.
There is a culture of working long hours there, and 20% time is pretty much a myth now. If anything, it's 120% time. As well, the San Francisco to Mountain View commute is a little grating after a while.
Too much of a good thing. Work-life balance difficult to achieve, although, you can work your 80 hours a week whenever you want.
The salary, the internal politics, the young, clueless, and arrogant MBA managers leading more experienced people and not listening to them.
The company is starting to get larger, so while a lot of the entrepreneurial spirit of the original teams is still present, there is starting to be more layers of management and bureaucracy.
I cant think of any. The salary is not great, but competitive. Recently they are cutting down on perks.
disorganized, not many good managers, career path unclear
If you want to be prompted sooner than the majority, and you are not lucky enough that work in a highly visible project, then you have to pay much more than usual to beat the performance of others - because others are good too.
I did not find all of my work to be necessary. Also, my department was located somewhat far from the main campus so I didn't feel like I got to know as many people as I would have liked.
You get spoiled with all of the food and perks etc. There are a lot of folks in management that have excellent academic records but very little experience when it comes to actual business strategy or people management. This can hurt if you're looking to find a mentor with some real experience. Also, it's hard to get rewarded for simply being stellar at your core job. Reward is given to those who simply come up with projects for the sake of coming up with projects, which isn't necessarily best for Google or it's employees.
limited advancement opportunities .............. it used to be a better place to work but things have change a little now.
Its very easy to get used to the perks and if you join right after graduation - it keeps you stuck in college. This may not best thing in terms of future career development. You get used to the good stuff and complain for more and it can get very difficult to move on. I think the worst part is having a really good infrastructure to work with stunts your hacking skills which may not be a very good thing in general. I would advise working outside Google fro a few years and then coming back to really enjoy life :-P
you are nothing if you're not in engineering.
It's become a very large company with a lot of the bureaucratic trappings that come with growth. Google deliberately has a very high failure rate for products, so occasionally you can love an idea or product and not see it come to fruition fully. It seems like the attention span is short, and sometimes products that could be successful are prematurely shut down. Career guidance can be spotty. They purport to be very concerned with career development, but moving to another team can be like pulling teeth. I think there are a lot of arrogant people at Google, but perhaps that's how every big, popular company is or that's how really smart, talented people are. I've heard it's worse at other companies actually which makes me terrified to ever leave Google.
Very abysmal senior management. Lack of strategy, frequent changes of strategy, arbitrary success metrics. Many are in the "billionaires" club and have checked out without realizing it. While they claim to be nimble, too many have made their orgs top heavy and are not able to cultivate the next level of managers - too few performers are given management responsibility.
Career progress into management is a little tough, as there's no "Supervisor" role, and the Managers usually have >50 people reporting to them. It can be done, but it's easier to stay in the engineer track.
You gotta put a lot of work in, and working with so many talented people can be intimidating. Some of the people (especially people who were here before the IPO) can be a little full of themselves (but most people are pretty down-to-earth). Also, with so many people working there, sometimes it can be easy to feel a little powerless, and you might not have the same sense of personal accomplishment that you do with a smaller startup.
Politics have gotten worse. People have gotten more defensive in their decision making -- there's a disappointing lack of trust between employees that didn't exist in the past. We have hired too many people who are only interested in making themselves look good and have lost sight in what's best for the company as a whole, and management hasn't successfully recognized and fixed this in many cases.
Google has offices around the globe, from Bangalore to Zurich, but regardless of where we are, we nurture an invigorating, positive environment by hiring talented, local people who share our commitment to creating search perfection and want to have a great time doing it. Googlers thrive in small, focused teams and high-energy environments, believe in the ability of technology to change the world, and are as passionate about their lives as they are about their work. Lend a helping hand. With millions of visitors every month, Google has become an essential part of everyday life - like a good friend - connecting people with the information they need to live great lives.  Life is beautiful. Being a part of something that matters and working on products in which you can believe is remarkably fulfilling. Appreciation is the best motivation, so we’ve created a fun and inspiring workspace you’ll be glad to be a part of, including on-site doctor and dentist, massage and yoga, professional development opportunities, shoreline running trails, and plenty of snacks to get you through the day. Work and play are not mutually exclusive. It is possible to code and pass the puck at the same time
it is a good place for college graduates but may not be good for ambitious people. The decision to quit is difficult because of the perks, the good food, and the admires from people around you when they know you are a googler. But there is a reason for so many talent people to leave this company ...
As a non-engineer, your starting pay is pretty low. It's made up through bonuses and other compensation methods, but when I went to another company, it was harder to negotiate a higher pay due to my low base pay at Google. It's also starting to become a big company, so you have layers of middle management who are just a couple of years out of college and don't have the experience to manage people well. Most were great workers, but many don't understand that there's a large difference between doing your own work well and making sure that others do their work well through your guidance.
When you start work there they really take the time to make sure that you're trained properly so that you don't feel like a fish out of water like at other companies. The free lunches, great 401k, etc, you get large bonuses that can make the difference in a long day
The bottom-up management style means that some good ideas with uncharismatic boosters get buried.
no management, no growth, no understanding of what you're working on and how it fits into the big picture, working on minute feature areas, working on features that generate no revenue, having to play the political game to move up the ladder
The people are very smart. If you're used to being a hot shot, you may not be any more. If you're looking for the startup atmosphere, well, don't, because it's gone. You will still have more autonomy than a lot of other companies, but you will not have complete control over the project you work on.
i think google is expanding too quickly, and that they are letting in too many people who don't meet the standards. for example, i knew an employee who claimed that they didn't have any code to show for the past several months of work because their computer's hard drives crash, yet everyone knows that no one stores code on their own computer... there are version control repositories.additionally, i know great people who have not been hired for random reasons. such as failing an interview which required coding in C over the phone...
As Google has grown larger over the last few years, it has hired tremendous managers, adding new layers to our corporate hierarchy. The company has hired the "best of breed" from many industries, allowing Google to take advantage of the extensive networks created by those individuals. These individuals are fantastic - team players, industry visionaries, thought leaders - truly an amazing set up people with whom to surround yourself.  That is how I would describe the average Google employee and what they bring to the table. Not necessarily a downside. The level of mutual respect and admiration is very high here. We are all cooperative (... or should I say cooperatively competitive) as we believe it brings out the best in us and pushes us to succeed. With levels of achievement levels so high, it is difficult to see people who do succeed but who are not the Michael Phelps of their respective field.
Pretty chaotic sometime...super hyper growth without super structure to match.
The days when Google was the coolest place in the world to work are gone. Google is deteriorating at the edges. Many managers at Google got their jobs just by having low employee numbers and are otherwise unqualified. Once entrenched they tend to show little concern for their reports, concerning themselves with "managing up" to their own manager. Google is supposed to have a project matrix where tech leads are peers, not managers, but managers commonly flout this and micromanaging is endemic. Moving between projects is limited by complex procedures and is rarely attempted. In satellite offices the selection of projects to work on is limited and to make matters worse it is discouraged for engineers to work on projects not centered in their own offices. Being friends with your manager is a more effective way to get promoted than showing competence. In fact, showing too much competence or initiative is a good way to earn the ire of your manager. Performance evaluation is supposed to be by peer review but in reality, feedback from peers is ignored and only the manager's rating is taken seriously. Political infighting and character assassination are increasingly the norm at Google. Managers turn a blind eye to it, perhaps because they have found such techniques useful in developing their own careers. Google base compensation is on the low side, and is supposed to be more than made up for by incentive bonuses, but these are largely illusionary because few employees receive the necessary "exceeds expectations" performance evaluation. Managers at Google tend to consider themselves special people, better than engineers. Few will bother to greet or otherwise acknowledge the existence of anybody other than another manager if they pass them in the hall. Except for the weekly TGIF cross-company sessions where the founders candidly answer questions from all employees, management at Google is increasingly secretive about procedures and plans.
There's a culture of working long hours. The company is becoming larger and larger, which results in more processes and less creativity.
i think google is expanding too quickly, and that they are letting in too many people who don't meet the standards. for example, i knew an employee who claimed that they didn't have any code to show for the past several months of work because their computer's hard drives crash, yet everyone knows that no one stores code on their own computer... there are version control repositories.  additionally, i know great people who have not been hired for random reasons. such as failing an interview which required coding in C over the phone...
It can feel a bit anonymous down in the gears of the giant machine. If you don't work in Engineering, you can sometimes feel like a second class citizen. Career development support for employees is almost non-existent.
Personality clashes and cutting back of perks.
All hiring is based on school status and GPA
Google hasn't yet grasped the benefits of telecommuting.
Tremendous growing pains. Not very organized in terms of career development. I've worked for multiple managers that were technical geniuses but devoid of interest in mentoring and personal development. I've gotten tired of commuting from San Francisco after many years. They also hired many managers from outside the company rather than promoting from within. Additionally the size is making the company less efficient as time goes by.
Promotions don't seem to happen too often due to the fact that there is very short chain of command and little bureaucracy.
Company is getting more bureaucratic. While many engineers are super solid, some managers are only good at suck-up or manage-up, they indulge at meetings to show their influence but unable to really be a model and lead by examples. Some senior engineers are leaving as the freedom to work on innovative project is diminishing. more and more new graduate or junior engineers are hired. While politics are still relative small compare to similar size company, they are certainly growing. managers "promote" lots of tech lead to manage projects regardless whether they are really technically strong. peer-review process is partially broken as manager's feedback is the one that really matters. project transfer process is heavy and become very dis-encouraging.
VERY Entrepreneurial. You have to manage your own relationships and career, no one's going to do that for you. This can be challenging, and to some, discouraging. But take it or leave it!
The only downside for me is that I have an hour-long commute to get to work (but it's worth it!)
Working at Google can be stressful, especially during the first 6 months when you feel like you don't know anything compared to all the folks who have been there longer. The learning curve is long and steep. The environment has lots of distractions, since everyone is in shared offices or cubicles.
it's intense -- at senior management level, I don't know many people who don't work crazy hours and still fall further and further behind
Not enough breakthrough work from the inside.
Sometimes bright people will complicate a simple problem and go into unnecessary complexity for speculative imagined reasons. Which is not desirable, makes systems unnecessarily complex. Management needs to put a roadmap before the engineer otherwise the rocket scientist engineer will starts to make the simple piece a complete rocket, which forever will need rocket scientists to maintain. Sometimes people forget the true genius is in embracing complexity only where it is needed.
Total compensation is good, but your base salary will be low. You'll make up for it in bonus and the cost of not having to buy breakfast and lunch. You won't get the bonus if you're on leave (i.e., medical leave, maternity leave, etc) so you'll end up getting a lower slice of your total compensation than you might at some companies that provide a higher base salary.  There is huge variation among managers in the sales organization. Some have no experience managing people, some have experience but still aren't good managers, and some are great.  People who think up innovative new ideas are recognized and compensated better than people who do all the work to implement those ideas. Depending on where you are on the "thinking up crazy new ideas" scale, you this may be a downside for you.  Expectations aren't clearly set in the online sales organization--you can discuss with your manager ad naseum what the expectations are, what projects to complete, etc. but you can never be assured of a particular reward (performance rating, bonus, promotion) for completing everything you discuss. Basically your manager can't promise you anything. This is un-motivating for me personally, you may or may not be motivated by this structure.  Engineering is king at Google--you may develop an inferiority complex if you are not in engineering. They won't even give the same headphones to non-engineers as they will to engineers. I tried requesting them and was denied!  Online Sales and Operations is not very flexible about work-life stuff, such as telecommuting a couple of days a month, arriving late in the morning, etc. It is fine to do it every now and again if you ask permission from your manager in advance and have a valid reason like an appointment. Engineering offers much more flexibility in this area.
It can be hard to advance from one level to the next Senior management can be very arrogant (I guess it's their prerogative) Everything is numbers driven, except when it's not
Google is BIG! As much as they do not like admitting it, "There are POLITICS at Google" Much of how Google runs is based on favors or who you know. Also, there IS a developing Hierarchy at Google between the Project Managers and everybody else. Elitism is not an uncommon trait of Googlers who joined Google right out of college.
It's now a large company, with the downsides of that. It's growing and experiencing a certain amount of growing pains. Unfortunately, some people seem not to recognize that what works when a company is just a few hundred or a thousand employees doesn't necessarily work when the company grows to the size Google currently is.
Google hires so aggressively that you don't necessarily get to meet your manager and team mates before you start. There are so many new people coming in each week that they literally can't arrange this. That is a big downside compared to other companies where you would meet your potential manager before agreeing to work there.
Long hours, millionaires can be difficult to work with. People outside of Google think that the company is all fun and games. Google is an aggressive company that will change the world in the next 10 years.
You are expected to deliver. This doesn't mean 80-hour work weeks (at least in my end of the company), but you are expected to make goals and hold yourself to them -- and ideally deliver something that beats the rest of the industry while you're at it. Do not come to Google expecting a research environment, there's plenty of research going on, but if it's not in your 20% time you'd better have something to ship. I list this as a con only because I suspect this bit some of the people who rated Google negatively.  The company has grown really fast. This has caused some strain, both in terms of infrastructure and in communication. Many of the nooglers are fresh out of college, and the naivety cuts both ways: they're simultaneously over-eager to re-engineer everything in sight, and bitter when perks change or they don't get promoted fast (nevermind that it's still better than the rest of the industry -- they've never been there). With rapid growth comes a lack of focus, as well, with weird projects with no monetization story. (Caveat: I'm in Ads, where money matters.)  I get the impression that we've got our share of bad managers. My manager (and the two immediately above him) are all great -- technically sharp, caring, and happy to get their hands dirty. But I've heard horror stories from other teams, and you can read plenty of them on this site, I'm sure -- preference for low employee numbers, suckups and yes-men, etc. I suspect most of the thoroughly bitter people have gotten a bad manager and not requested a transfer out from under him/her.  On that note, Google does a bad job of handling underperformers. They try hard to help crappy engineers and managers improve, but at some point you've got to cut your losses -- a bad employee, particularly one with a bad attitude, is poison that eats away at morale. I've seen people go through two or more performance improvement plans before finally getting the much-needed axe.  Google also does a fair-to-middling job of handling *overperformers*. I've gotten a few spot bonuses for successful projects (which, to be fair, were tens of times larger than the bonuses I got at similarly-sized companies in the past), but the motivating effect of the Founder's Awards are gone. No matter how many millions of dollars you make the company, if you're not in LSE's pet segments, no Founder's Award for you -- it'll go to some guys in search or something. Google is done making millionaires -- for those of us who got who got here after the IPO, the only way we'll retire is a 401(k). Again, having worked in industry outside of Google, this makes me wistful but not angry. I don't expect other people to make me a millionare.  And, finally, your family will ask you questions about everything Google related. Be prepared to have to explain dozens of times that you don't actually work on Search/Maps/Writely/whatever and can't fix their pet problem. :-)
* Easy to get sucked into working too hard * Grass roots driven efforts are less frequent then before * Bureaucracy is growing * A lot of politics for a supposedly not political space particularly senior management
A very flat management structure is a double edged sword, with all the good and bad you can imagine. Google also has a problem getting rid of the people who shouldn't be there, although it is getting better at it. The geek paradise can result in people doing things just to prove they are smart. The biggest complaint I've heard from people are code reviews that get held up because you didn't use some clever idea that some reviewer comes up with at the review.
Your career is in your hands. One downside of little management is the fact that no one cares about your professional development. If you can manage this yourself you'll likely do well. If not, you probably won't get promoted.
Its a geeks heaven, and although all employees are treated well, the engineers are clearly the favored class. I think this makes sense from a strategic perspective (I am not an engineer) but employees in sales, legal, finance etc. often feel slighted because of this. Engineers build the products that drive the success of the company, other functions are essentially support functions. This may not be the case at other companies, such as traditional enterprise software companies, where sales is more important, but that is the way it is at Google.
You might not get assigned to the groups doing the really cool things. It must be very frustrating to want to do e.g. large scale graph algorithms (think maps) and be stuck doing hr programming or javascript. Though after 18 months you can move to any team you want if they need engineers (and you're performing).  The infrastructure is getting complex enough that there is a huge ramp up time. While that means that it takes a while to launch a project for the first time, if you know what you're doing you can launch a very scalable project quickly.
The one frustrates me the most is the (lacking of) promotion opportunities. I don't think anyone who advanced well here has a balanced work-life style and I think the problem is worse for non-Eng jobs. In fact I think many people plan to leave for this reason when revenue starts turning sour and perks start to dis-appear. The second part is we have too many small projects lead by direction-less management or are duplicating efforts. This used to work well and small 20% projects may become core products. But now the company is no-longer a mid-size nor a startup, we need well-planned projects with clear directions that envision the next 3 years, not the next quarter.
Very hard to get promoted further from senior levels without world-shattering achievements (as there are few rungs on the career ladder), not much recognition for the indispensable jobs of maintenance and keeping things running smoothly (only drastic, revolutionary innovation is truly recognized and amply rewarded), too much love of risk-taking, too little budget control and financial discipline.
It *is* a big company now so prospects for huge monetary windfalls are less substantial than at a great start-up. Promotion competition is stiff in some areas, but working with great people always has that downside.
Long working hours. Rapid growth.
I spend quite a bit of time at work, but really this is mostly because I like what I'm working on, and they have better snacks there than I do at home. It's almost insidious.
Constantly changing business environment leads to very unpredictable long-term vision (e.g. what I focus on today, I know will be dramatically restructured 6 months from now)
Competing with many of the brightest people can be frustrating. You will not be "the expert" on more than one topic no matter how smart you are.  Google is a big globally distributed company and we have not yet solved all the problems that follow from that.
Google isn't for everyone. Google isn't just a big company, it is (or very recently was) the fastest growing company in history. That growth has created some strain. Some things haven't grown to match. A lot of the finely tuned machinery (effective and appropriate management, consistent methods, best practices) that keep large, modern companies running smoothly haven't had time to develop. Because of this, there is a great deal of variation across Google. Some areas are very much like the near-mythical stories weaved by the likes of Fast Company, and others are more stagnant. This is also mirrored in Google's products - some get a lot of love and others are left to dry up from disinterest.  It is possible to do well and be happy at Google, but you a) have to take the initiative to make that happen and totally own it and b) recognize that Google is a big company with lots of people - there will be friction, politics, and things that drive you crazy.
Benefits are excellent, but I think Microsoft's medical coverage is better, and Microsoft matches charitable donation up to 12,000 per year but Google only matches up to 3,000.
no offices. Excessive focus on engineering means that non-engineering disciplines (finance, HR, legal, marketing) are under-valued. A lot more boring ads work than you would think.
1) Takes too long to eject incompetent people, so you might have to deal with less capable managers (not often, but sometimes)-- there are some people in the organization whose skills have not scaled with the growth of the organization, even though their responsibilities have. It would be good to have more efficient involuntary attrition.
A lot of the interesting problems and challenges have already been solved. In particular as a junior software engineer, you'll work on not so exciting tasks. Also, due to the fast growth of the company, the impact an individual makes is not as big as it used to be.
As the company has grown bigger, it has become more siloed--groups are segregated off into their own buildings, and inter-group communication lessens. As a result, the diversity of the people I interact with regularly has lessened by the year. The promotion process can seem arbitrary--a secret committee reviews your information and makes a decision. You receive very little feedback about the process and have no opportunity to present your case to the people who make the decision (other than by writing a "self-assessment" before the fact). Recently there seem to have been an increasing number of cutbacks in the name of reducing company expenditures, I suspect mostly due to the fact that company growth has exceeded revenue growth in recent years. The company has grown more faceless and bureaucratic as it has gotten bigger. It is easier to feel like a cog in a machine now than it was in the past. Many projects seem overstaffed due to the rapid growth of the company.
If you're not a idealistic liberal democrat who is born to buy in to the "googly" attitude then you might feel out of place here. Google seems to hire people who fit into that mold, and if you deviate then you are seen as an outsider.
The attempt to maintain a flat organizational structure has led to major problems with promotions, recognition, compensation, etc.  There is a very real pressure to maintain the company culture and personality. Individualism is promoted in theory, yet rarely welcomed in practice.
The amount of things we have in our plates. The workload seems to be overwhelming now and then. Sometimes it is difficult to find the balance between you personal and professional life. But the company has been working hard in this issue to.
lots of work to do
The scope of the non-salary benefits means that salary can be less than optimal.
It's a balance, but sometimes lack of structure and processes is a hindrance to getting things done. Flat-ish organization leaves less room for traditional personal promotion.
The side-effect of everyone being good (and everyone else knowing it) is that there is a lot of pressure to not disappoint anyone.  The side-effect of less management is that feedback is hard to get and good performance and hard work can go unnoticed and unappreciated.  A focus on technical expertise means that there is less focus on soft skills. Many managers are not good enough at managing people even though they are very good with the technical side of things.  Culture encourages one to give up the rest of his/her life for their job.  Despite the initial utopian feel and propaganda, it's just a really rich company with a lot of smart people. It still IS a company and has the same stupid politics, competitiveness, and issues you find everywhere else.
I believe that the quality of the middle management leaves a lot to be desired. I find the quality of middle managers to be extremely variable. I believe some managers do not actively contribute to a good outcome for the team. Also, I believe that Google is not good at weeding out those managers who do not perform well.  Google's "slotting" process is terrible. I know many instances of people who have applied for positions that interest them, only to be "slotted" into positions which they do not like. Once you are slotted, it is very difficult to move out of your position. It could take months, maybe even a year or so.  Also, these same middle managers have sole control over your quarterly evaluation. These evaluations feed into your annual bonus, so if you are incorrectly slotted and do not perform to the best of your abilities, then you are triply penalized: your evaluations will be poor, your bonus will go down and it will become harder for you to transfer to another team.
Not many I can think of
The only downside for me when working at Google was the long commute. Coming from north of Mountain View down the 101 South is usually congested with traffic. All the hours spent in traffic adds up and does take it's toll on you.
It is now a huge machine, a very political environment and very low salaries compared to competitors. Also, there are people there from the pre-IPO days who are only nice to their "inner circle" and should take their millions and go away!
Google is big, so your impact often seems tiny with regard to the company as a whole. Things are gradually getting more and more bureaucratic, the pain of being a public company with profits to protect. You gradually feel less and less important to the company as time goes on, as the company grows to many 10s of thousands of employees. Things like the Founder's Awards, which originally were supposed to be motivating factors to great products could end up being demotivating for many. For example, if you are stuck on a project that is in maintenance mode, or if you launch a great product that is overlooked, you might have little motivation to work hard again.
Google is big, so your impact often seems tiny with regard to the company as a whole. Things are gradually getting more and more bureaucratic, the pain of being a public company with profits to protect. You gradually feel less and less important to the company as time goes on, as the company grows to many 10s of thousands of employees.
In the sales organization, there is a pervading sense of hopelessness. Almost everyone knows that there is no true hope for career advancement. In fact, there is not even a concrete career path for most in the organization. Management in the sales organization is poor, with an influx of MBA managers coming in and trying to dictate how to run the organization without much background or knowledge of how the department works. Morale is at an all-time low within the sales org, with employees frustrated that they've hit the invisible but definite glass ceiling for promotions. One of the biggest problems in the sales org is that Google hires the best and brightest -- from the Ivies and other name-brand schools -- and gives them a job to do that high school graduates alone could perform. This leaves a bunch of smart and disillusioned employees wondering how they entered the organization in the first place. Finally, but quite importantly, it's crystal clear to all Googlers that the company values the engineering side of the company and treats non-engineering employees like second-class citizens.
There is a sense of intense oversight at Google where every move is analyzed. Plus, if you are not based in Mountain View then you are a second class citizen.
Think twice before selling your startup to Google.
Long hours! Not the place for people who want to have a life outside of work, but then they aren't the type who wind up getting hired anyway.
Inexperienced, low EQ, and inept middle managers. Hubris no doubt fueled by the hype surrounding everything coming out of Google these days. The internal class system (pre-IPO vs. post-IPO, or engineers vs. everyone else)
The hiring process is completely skewed towards academics so we are limited to the types of people we can hire and too often we end up hiring people with low 'EQ' who just can't function in a coporate environment.
One of the most "politically" divisive cultures you will ever work in. If you have ever dreamed of working in a company where you are rarely held accountable for anything, Google is the place to be. The 6 hour days, the inexperienced managers, the joy in reinventing the wheel, the ability to destroy a co-worker by the mere mention of being "un-Googly" (In the years I worked at Google I still haven't the slightest idea what "Googly" means. I never met one single right-arm leg spin bowler while I was there). The bottom line is that Google is NOT the same company it used to be and yet the myth lives on.
Lots ! 1. We only say that we have free food, and all other crap, how does it help me as a person ? 2. Peers are arrogant, and i have seen its like stanford etc are great .. (ps i am from stanford too though), but the general attitude around is like every other place is bad .. 3. recruitment process is not good, though i did get it due to my background, i dont think they see skillsets, they see only background. 4. An air of arrogance ... 5. Too competitive -- good for people who have nothing better in life except work ! (yes sort of geeks .. and geeks SUCK isnt it ..)
Like many of my peers who have commented in this site, it's elitist. It bothers the hell out of me that someone who could only afford a community college but yet is likely an excellent account executive gets rejected.
Large corporations have a certain bureaucracy and more red tape than startups, naturally.  Promotions at Google require either someone to nominate you (rare) or self-nomination during regular performance review cycles.  Performance review cycles are a big pain and context interrupt. Many share this view though it is believed to be a necessary evil.
The base salary and lack of promotion opportunities really start to wear down employee morale after the first few years. Unfortunately, there's too many glassy-eyed Google cultists/lifers who are willing to overwork themselves for a 35% (or more) paycut on projects that may not actually go anywhere. Despite claiming to seek openness, management keeps a lot of secrets-- especially around performance reviews (all employees are graded and rank-ordered, but employees don't get to know how well they fared).  In terms of actual productive work, employees are demoralized by having direction constantly changed. I suppose this is known as "keeping us on our toes." Further, it's tiring to hear every team say that they're acting as their own startup within Google, and that team members are going to be hand-picked to be involved in such a prestigious project. It's not uncommon for entire teams to be uprooted or replaced in one fell swoop. Put together, this leads to an uneasy feeling about one's job stability.  One final problem: too many Googlers are young, inexperienced, and short-sighted in their understanding of how much power they actually have in developing public-facing products. They don't understand the implications of their actions, and move too quickly to consider them.
Project scheduling was pretty haphazard Inter-team communication was also pretty haphazard You were often working with people all over the world, which sounds fantastic at first until you spend DAYS in video conference meetings Inept, Overworked managers (70 or 80 direct reports for someone who had never managed anyone before was normal) distant, ineffective HR (NYC office had 1 HR person for 1000+ employees in the office and was not authorized to do anything except send problems to Mountain View)
I got pretty chubby, but that's my own fault. The brutal interview process means people who work there all think they're hot stuff even if they aren't. Downright obnoxious people work there, there are no standards for managers. Everyone is working on 5 projects so nobody pays attention to everything they need to. Ultra-competitive, passive-aggressive culture.
Politics at the senior management level
Things move very quickly and change so often that you sometimes become weary of it. Lots of growth and associated chaos in middle management in the last 2 years has had a big, mostly negative, effect on the culture. The company is slowly but surely losing it's quirky culture and feels more "corporate" each day.
lack of management feedback and direction, long hours
Well, my salary is not particularly high.. Some of the perks listed are just subsidized, and some are not even that. Also, there seems to be a slight trend toward money-oriented decision making, slowly eroding Google's 'Googliness' factor.
The founders often change their minds, causing teams to scramble. They don't seem to care about the damage they cause as a result.
-Lack of good managers -Very little promotion from within and internal movement -In more non-engineering focused roles, its more about how much you talk versus your results (I have seen many people who are actually not that great be promoted because they knew how to talk to the right people)
It's a monster, flat organization doesn't allow for much advancement.
Certainly it's a big company. It tries hard to not be. It tries to rekindle some of the old things that made it unique, but it seems like a lost cause for the most part. There is much less opportunity to shoot to the top. There is less and less exposure to people outside your organization and too far above your management chain. There is a lot of work to be done, and Google is pretty cheap about the way that work gets accomplished. It puts added burden on many people including engineers and lower level managers. Getting actual things accomplished and seeing how it fits into the company goals has been hard.
Most of the Googlers have only been working for 1 or 2 years in Google. Still very young company.  High turn over after stock option exercised.
As the company grows, more and more groups compete for the attention of senior management, which has continued to keep a tight grasp on the operations of the company. It becomes very difficult to operate strategically, as the opportunities for high-level feedback are few and far between. And on those occasions that you do have the opportunity to solicit feedback, it's generally very disruptive and can often times be untimely or driven by subjective factors. To management's credit, this "sparse micromanagement" is an acknowledged problem, and more and more senior managers at the director level are taking ownership of large strategic initiatives. As the company starts to transform its leadership culture, there will be interesting changes in the way products are developed, from charter through launch.
Google is starting to feel like a big company. The number of times org charts appear in meetings is constantly increasing. There is a growing necessity to deal with politics in order to promote projects and get recognition. It is getting harder to innovate in the core parts of the business.
Extremely competitive. Incredibly high bar set for performance.
In order to excel,you must give up most of your social life to compete with people willing to spend more than 10+ hours a day at work. Its not the fun company it used to be, I may be a little jaded since I was there in the early days, but its become more like Microsoft, and the "Google culture" is more of a fable these days. Google buys technology these days, and does not innovate from within.
This is no longer a startup. You can't expect to go to Google these days and become a millionaire. As some reviewers have said, there is basically no room for advancement so it is a deadend job. They do discriminate by schools. Say if you attended Arizona State you would get paid $20k less than the same person graduating from Berkeley or Stanford. It is pretty ridiculous like that.
Sometimes there is too much work to be done. It would be nice to have some breathing room to be able to do side projects, etc. Sometimes I feel a little lost in the large company.
Google is still a corporation, and there are some managers who don't fit well within the culture. Since they play down titles, and the organizational structure is flat, micro managers kill morale.
It's very competitive and it's getting too big.
While the flat structure aids quick development of ideas, many managers are not people persons and are fairly inexperienced (as managers, while they're great software engineers). For newbies this can be frustrating because of the lack of downwards managerial communication.  On top of that, the lack of clear policies and rules about things like WFH and OOO while make it easier to have a personal life highlight the disparity between well-connected Googlers (who might be friends with their managers) and the others.  Lastly, product/project managers, ubertechs and swengs often fight about silly stuff, leaving innocent bystanders merely confused.
Massive pressure to perform to the level of your peers, to the level of legendary figures who have gone before, and to the levels required to keep the dollar generating machinery running.  Also, Management, communication and other people skills are not favored in Engineering. The results are predictably enough that technically competent engineers who demonstrate good results, get management responsibilities that they fit in between technical work. Those that have the people skills don't get these promotions.  I have not personally suffered from this so this analysis is not sour grapes. I have seen women who are already doing the project management role out of necessity as well as their own technical load, get passed over for promotion even though the projects they are on succeed, because they can't point to high personal metrics due to their unrecognized management load.
The downsides of working at Google depend largely on the department that you're dealing with. The sales organization is highly disorganized and has a glut of middle management. Management and structure are obviously necessary in all companies, but the sales org at Google has too many managers, many of whom are ill-qualified to be managing other people. There are also a lot of politics surrounding promotions, etc. because of this large middle management structure. It also causes a lot of unnecessary bureaucracy which slows down work and can be extremely frustrating for individuals who are still on the lower rungs of the ladder.  Additionally, at least within the sales org, there appears to be virtually no real career path or hope for development/promotion. Managers are hired from outside (with MBAs being strongly preferred), which is frustrating and demoralizing for employees who have worked for years without being moved up.
The larger the company gets, the more the culture becomes dilute. The past year or two has brought extensive change in terms of management hierarchy to certain area of the company. With the hiring or more and more managers from the outside, the company has lost some of its democratic idealism in favor of traditional corporate politics. Google is now a very large company, and it's hard to avoid all of the downsides that accompany such size.  It can also be very difficult to find a career path at Google. Promotions are exceptionally rare. Despite the fact that employees can theoretically excel in both individual contributor and management tracks, there is still a feeling that the only way to climb the corporate ladder is to become a manager. It's also the case that people are often promoted into management roles without the necessary skills and training, leading to poor relationships between teams and leaders.  It also becomes more and more difficult to make fast progress on projects as the company gets larger. Google is still very nimble compared to most large companies, but it's no longer a scrappy startup unencumbered by size.
If you enjoy your individuality and time alone, Google is not the place for you (keep in mind I’m not an engineer). Google pushes a highly "googley" atmosphere, which is something akin to what the Brady Bunch would be like if they lived in communist Russia. Everything from the carpet to the bathroom tiles incorporate the Google colors into its design. People are encouraged to have googley attitudes, wear plastic smiles, and not to question the infallible nature of the executive management group. Marathon hours are the standard because, after all, employees are practically encouraged to bring a cot and sleep there…barracks coming soon (really?! no, not really). If you like feeling awkward during forced group activity, Google is your haven. It isn't exactly "forced" (no guns), but if you don't participate you become labeled as "ungoogley." Once deemed “ungoogley”, you're practically viewed as a rotten apple that threatens to spoil the bunch. If you can endure and appreciate the googley atmosphere, you might also enjoy Google's uncanny ability to clot information within the hierarchy. Very little is shared throughout the company because from the moment you're hired, secrecy is revered. But to be honest, most of those who read this review won't even be able to get a job there. Whether you're right out of college or are putting your kids through college, your academic standing will be asked about, your transcripts required. If you went to Podunk U, your chances are worse than the rumored 1% of applicants. I'm not saying that high standards aren't important, but Google discriminates against creative and diverse applicants by employing such arbitrary standards. Google (generally) hires the elite who have elitist attitudes…probably not the best way to understand what the masses want.
Long work hours Flat organizational structure Compensation is much lower than competition
Company is not too big. Has lost much of it's small company feel/culture. Much tougher to make decisions and many layers of management. Company hires too many people with same backgrounds - all ivy league MBA, competitive, ego-driven managers that has changed the culture.
We're stuck in cubicles. (Before Google, I worked at Microsoft, and at MSFT everyone gets their own office, or at least, every engineer...) The stock price is variable, so if you join and the stock's at 700, and then the stock goes down to 500, you may end up resenting the people who just got hired and have an option strike price $200 lower than you.
Google is getting big. This means a couple things: It's no longer always a "startup" feel. There's a lot of teams, and a lot of infrastructure, and there's starting to be a bit of bureaucracy here and there (though management has done a pretty good job killing it on sight whenever they see it).  Also, because we have a lot of users and are always in the limelight, we have to be really careful about launching things, which often means that launching something requires jumping through more hoops to make sure it's scalable and stable, and that all the i's are dotted and t's are crossed, in order to not have a bad press situation or an emergency caused by an overloaded system. This is good for production launches, but can slow down experimentation in the early stages of a product.
lack of growth opportunities at google
Because of the large amounts of benefits (such as free foods) there seems to be an unsaid rule that employees are expected to work longer hours. Many people work more than 8 hours a day and then will be on email or work for a couple hours at home, at night as well (or on the weekends). It may be hard to perform extremely well with a good work/life balance.
If you aren't technical there is nowhere for you to go professionally. Basically, they hire really smart people and dont' tell them they are putting them in a dead end job. There really isn't much possibility for movement, and the job ends up consuming 90% of your time for average pay. Its kind of a scam.
Team Leads were often inexperienced and poor. They were not use to working with so many high achievers and did a poor job managing them. Often had issues of micro management. The salary was average to below average depending on what department you were working for.
For entrepreneurial people that want to start their own company, working at Google can become very comfortable and you enjoy a lot of the learning you would as if you were in a tech startup, thus prompting you to stay as an "employee" instead of business owner.
Too much of an approval process. They don't really care much about web standards. They write horrible HTML code.
Can't think of any right now
Well, this is a young company, so there are lots of internal changes. This is to be expected, but for me it is a negative.
It is very unstructured. No one is teaching you what to do, you have to learn on your own. However, there are tons of smart people to ask who are willing to help.
A directionless job and also a tremendous amount of work which is sometimes meaningless due to the constant change in direction.
No cons at this time.
No cons to share at this time.
The company is growing fast and it is easy to imagine that there will possibly be some growing pains in the future.
There is a lot of stress here and I think it is a result of the growth of the company.
No cons at this time.
Sometimes people need to realize when we work with other companies they may not work at the same speed as Google. So their expectations are often skewed.
One thing that is a negative aspect for me here is that sometimes my job at Google can be repetitive.
Sometimes being that it is such a big company it is sometimes hard to be heard when you need to voice concerns or comments.
A company like this requires a lot of long hours, so the work and life balance is often hard to come by.
This seems like not a very big con, but to tell you the truth the parking lot here is always crowded.
It is very difficult to know where management is headed. Over all there is more bureaucracy than there used to be. Not as nimble as I would like
Google can be a bit overwhelming w/ the volume of things that you have to learn. It can also be chaotic because you do have freedom but so much is always going on at the same time.
I challenge to doing sale so much
No cons at all. It's been good so far
Corporate culture is not good
It's not Perfect. There are teams (minority) which are not pleasant to work.
Entry level jobs are not the most exciting, albeit manageable.
None, None, None, None, None
You need to go to work
- not many at all to be honest
No cons because great place to work at
To be sincere, i dont see a con. Well let me say its different from just building stuff. It also xrequires people skills.
- Too much pressure on sales targets - Salaries in Dublin are really low relative to the US considering cost of living (750-1100€ for a room in a shared apartment)
As of now there is no cons
No cons as such in Google.
Fast paced work environment that can be tough for beginners.
Some teams may be too big and progression may sometimes be very political. High performers are sometimes less rewarded than good story tellers. Certain employees can be over qualifier for the missions they are given.
Getting addicted to that cool and sometimes relaxed environment is a downside.
Limited scope of work as the organizing is very big.
Vertical evolution is an uphill climb. Roles outside of the USA are more skewed towards sales than product.
Stressful and long hours as of most agencies.
Nothing very particular so far.
Hasn't figured out compensation for countries in the emerging markets in Asia
Good work need work more to management Really to hard
nothing bad.google is full of fun and work.
High competition Hard to move up
None to say to the management
Long hours in the office
Wasn't paid enough money there
No cons found so far.
Google management are surprisingly penny pinching in allocating sufficient resource to projects by way of staff, office space, and budget. Success here depends on how good your boss is at politicking and how good you are at politicking with your boss, rather than actually being focused on the merits of specific investments - the scale is too large to be accurate when it comes to brass tacks.  I’d rather go without free food and have the resource I need to do my job without working the 60-70 hour work weeks, and the constant travel demanded of me because we don’t have enough staff in Europe. Approvals processes are a broken, inefficient bureaucratic grind that results in nothing but pain.  Blindly and unacceptably American-centric in product execution and in how they devalue remote staff in comparison to those who are willing to immigrate to Mountain View, CA. Titles and salary are both enormously deflated outside of California, while working hours are much longer to accommodate Googlers in HQ who don’t start their work days until 9:30/10:00 after getting in on the Google buses. Add on to that the fact that there is a systematic devaluation of non-engineering roles, and the overall picture turns pretty grim if you’re on the business side of things and outside of the US.  Recent revelations in the public eye surrounding how Google has handled sexual harassment were enormously discouraging and deflating. Before I’d been able to forgive Google a lot of its operational/administrative sins because I thought it was good at heart. Now I fear that there is something rotten in the core of Google’s management and infrastructure and I am not sure I can trust the leadership.
lack of growth , more people
Food offering is not as competitive
Lots of works, hard to get time for life
Work changes quickly so you have to be able to adapt very fast
Not all tasks that interns are working on are really significant
Slow to get work done
Liberals. Societal Peer pressures. Disobedience.
- micromanagement - budget cuts - requirement to do too many projects just for promotion
Corporate structure means makes it challenging for progression without qualifications.
Nothing I can say here
tiring tough dead quiet great
Bureaucracy, Perf management, non-eng career, Rework
not much to say to be honest
Very competitive, individualism is rewarded more than collaboration among teams
None at all(maybe a bit too political colleagues)
Sometimes senior management undermine staff
no comment. no dis advantages.
No benefits, 401k, social security contributions
Nothing I can think of right now
Product team only have one designer, one back-end engineer and one product manager. It's unreasonable for a normal company.
Too difficult to get job
middle management, career progression,
There is nothing bad to mention.
I don't think there are any cons about google
Cafeteria is too near to office, so peaceful environment - it was like heaven for any Employee
Internal politics are at times frustrating. Must manage many stakeholders throughout different organisation
I have completed my digital marketing course.I am searching job for digital marketing .
Too big, limited growth opportunities beyond basic management
Slow paced, corporate, too stable and stagnant
no barrier between private and worklife no work / life balance poor management lots of pressure salary not great
Big company, no sense of belonging to one team
work can be stressful at times
As such no cons is there.
Work hours could be long
No cons at this point. Great experience all round.
i couldn work for a company that doesnt pay full tax
- The stereotypical issues of tech giants totally apply here - Management seems to blurt out scandal after scandal - Stock isn't performing as well as competition
No one I think there is no cons
Yet not faced any problems
None that I can think of
Makes you want to work all the time
No Cons Company is est
Google is a big bubble. Many googlers have no idea of what is happening "outside", in the "real" world. Middle managers (team leads) are very mediocre, nothing to teach you, only politics. You can be the same level (as an individual contributor) with a team lead and have no say just because you prefer to "get things done" and "contribute" to the "team lead job" which usually includes going to many bla-bla meetings and pretending that you know the everyday job of your reportees (which many dont know at all). I have never seen so many people who have no idea what they were doing being promoted because they were in a right place at a right time and were also good "friends makers"
Just about nothing is bad.
Not the best paymasters in the market
Can feel more corporate at times.
Some time not giving security but so many people r last there life for because of hacking
Really hard to crack their interviews and get a full time job or internship here.
Sometimes you can’t handle the stress
- Inexperienced management - Often unfocused, projects change quickly
none whatsoever amazing company, best ever
None in my opinion truely
Huge multinational, can be overwhelming
No cons for me. Everything was above what I expected
no no no no !!!!!
Some politics at higher levels
Lots of process and politics. Getting easy things done at Google is hard.
Not a huge amount of upward career opportunities. Got a little top heavy with too many highly talented and ambitious people with not much to do. They got bored and began to turn on each other - turf wars! Also, it became unbelievably bureaucratic.
nothing cons here.u feel best here.
No cons in this co
Has become hierarchical and lots of politics.
Nothing to say about it, it is amazing
As apprentice it’s difficult to find work suited to your interests
Not enough chromebooks which was saddening and maddening
Finding a meaningful job long term
Nothing it's really good tbh
limited career development opportunities, difficult for support function people to move to other job ladders
- Difference of opinion regarding strategy & approach from Silicon Valley and outside the US - Lacking focus with so many different products/projects & external pressures
There is some politics around
Company is too big, Internal politics seem to get out of hands sometimes <- intern experience
It can be tiring working in a massive organisation, constantly checking in with other product areas, trying to get alignment. Sometimes it's easier to stick your head in the sand and get stuff done. Working in a remote office is frustrating as projects are constantly shifted back to HQ or deprioritised every 1-2 years, and almost all the senior people are in Mountain View so your impact is less visible unless you travel a lot. It's hard not being in control of your own destiny. If you are ambitious, you should move to Mountain View.  I have been with the company for a long time and the culture is changing, it used to be full of very intelligent people who are all nice and try to do what is right, but now the nice part is going away. The culture is slowly eroding. I have been in a team with a bad fit and it's hard to move (there is less sideways mobility in remote offices) and the company as a whole has lots more politics.
High pressure and demanding environtment
- usually no real responsibility for interns
Not that focused on innovation anymore
long ramp up time to projects
No cons...if you have potential..it's benefit for you
- Google technology is more or less isolated from the outside world (converging though).
Nothing in life comes for free, there's a reason that there's sleep pods - lack of work life balance - a lot of pressure - no room to move up the ladder, at least not in the recruitment team
None that I have faced
A lot of lip-service to work-life balance, but in practice the way performance is gauged (along with short-staffed teams) causes people to put in long hours and be available even late at night. People leave/switch teams after just 1 year of tenure, teams and management are still stuck on their way to do things from before Google acquired them. This causes unhealthy practices (which are supposedly absent from larger Google) like stack-ranking to still be used. The compensation is not that good, considering that they'll try to hire you at a lower level compared to your prior experience. Some of the perks are also weakened or made useless: attending external conferences can be expensed only for 1/3rd of the cost of the ticket, or 2/3rd of cost of the ticket only if approved by the manager (which in my experience is never granted, unlike what happens with Google's competitors), otherwise you'll also have to use your days off to be able to attend the conference (putting some severe disincentives for you to attend). It's sad to realise that Google does so little for their Engineers' professional development.
You can never find one!
It's a different company now: its size now clearly charges a price in terms of bureaucracy, laggardness and politics. Decisions now tend to be much less aspirational and more focused on the short term or, worse, on the optics that you are doing something impactful (when often people are not). Sense of purpose starts to be missing.
You are your really enemy
There are simply no cons in Google
Higher management is one of the worst you will meet in your career. Extremely toxic workplace.
not good at the none PC industry
Stress at the work place
Work hours are not very flexible. To much work
I think there is often the allowance for underperformance given everyone is so 'googley'
Could use some more mentoring.
Do same thing every day
Too much work. Hard to get promoted
I don't know. But i think in this company no any cons are present
Promotion is hard to get and there is a lot of ambiguity
badgreat yes no me you
No cons i can say.
Please jual kopi dan snacks!
As the company grows there is more bureaucracy and formality, but still not as much for a company this size
They are not very innovative.
Hierarchical and too much politics
None that I know of.
Many work to be done, sometimes work under pressure
Politics , a lot of slow and full of bs
Nothing to add at all
Sometimes you feel frustrated working on tech
There are no cons to be found at Google.
It's become a typically huge corporation and the pace of change has slowed drastically. If you're looking to be comfortable and move carefully, that works. If you want to move fast and break things, you should find someplace smaller.
This review is about the GOOGLE CLOUD division (everything written below applies solely to Cloud. The other divisions are amazing as usual).  Since Google decided to boost Google Cloud Platform in the market, the Company culture is gone: - extreme work pressure, zero work/life balance, no respect for the employees - top management impose a top-down approach: results are expected from everyone without first asking in the field what constraints, challenges and needs are there - managers get attacked on results (assumptions on results are made) and must justify themselves to higher managers who Just joined the Company and do not know the first thing about the context. People are assumed guilty and must defend themselves, instead of being supported in their job. - huge numbers of former Microsoft, IBM, SAP and most traditional companies are being recruited, bringing along the culture of back-stabbing, zero collaboration and old-style attitudes (many don't even manage to use the Internal company tools, resulting in old-style way of working and a lot of time and nerves loss for the other employees). There is NO program to onboard the new old-stylers to the Google culture. - many employees of the former Cloud org have left to other internal divisions or quit Google because they couldn't recognise the Company they used to work for anymore.
Not too much Client Exposure as long as you can
no negative downsides from this company
Envirnment, less flexiblity ,
bulling managers and fault hiding culture
Can be slow at times because it is beaucratic
No words since it is the best place to work
I have no corns to tell
Way too much information and way too hard to get set up. First month is basically info overload.
Too much work for imployes
too much pressure and too many abandoned projects
sometimes too competitive to survive
Used for abusive communication against users.
Feeling bored if challenges aren't
Extra working hours and more than 5 hours
There are no merit systems
- PR-speak is widespread. Executives use vague CYA communication style. To me it's like hearing politicians talk. Transparency has been steadily going down for years, you hear about projects when they're announced or leaked. - Several high-level execs seem to have a pretty weak ethical compass. Increasing number of ethical scandals, antitrust fines, etc. Internal explanation often weak and unconvincing around these issues. - Lots of talk of being data driven but what's common is data being used to justify whatever fits data slinger's narrative, including for myopic goal setting that results in adverse second and third order effects (see Goodhart's law). - Increasing attitude of engineers just doing whatever they're told, forget the "do the right thing" of old times. - Project and product churn. Google products are often unfinished and buggy, UIs changing all the time. Lots of talk of rewarding product excellence but lots of cynicism about it (I don't buy it, I don't see the products getting better). Product managers compete to launch features, engineers have increasingly less power to make product decisions. - If you're more senior you might get pushed to do management, the old days of having a technical individual career option seems over in many teams, at least if you want to get promoted. - Internal frameworks tend to be overengineered and complex because of many disparate use cases and legacy, easy things take a long time as a result. Critical internal tools can be unstaffed while projects that go nowhere (how many chat apps?) can have massive headcount. - Crowded noisy open floor offices, with little privacy. I heard some folks outside engineering don't even get a fixed desk anymore. - AI seems much more important than privacy. Products and strategy seem aligned with getting Google more and more data. Privacy unfriendly defaults, UIs, etc. Might make you uncomfortable if you work on a consumer product.
difficulty to work from home
There are no cons. There is very good
Hard process. not fair enough.
Not that many cons, really depends on a person.
Pressure but if you can handle it, it is amazing
nothing is bad in the company
It is require a hard work
Sometimes there is too much competition
They choose an out of the box employees
i dont know any think about it
Sometimes we need to stay late to deliver the work.
Try new experiences good company
Despite throwing around "work life balance" there was little place for it in reality at Google in the 2013 era. Quarterly reviews were about as fun and as fair as randomly getting your eyes pecked out by crows.
Best for people who get along well Super productive Loyalty and hard work
None so far. All is good.
Too many hours, Not enough holidays, Pay too low
Not much really maybe not enough mentorship
None that I can think of!
No cons everything was good
Easy to replace as the team is full of super stars
Would like more ownership on projects.
Career progression can be hard
Quite stressful at times but still rewarding
nothing that i can think of
Perhaps the disadvantages of sitting long in front of the computer and on the telephone screens, which reduces the physical capacity to give up some of the family moments can live with them and that's all
stressful after long periods. good for short stints
Management indifference to political intolerance from coworkers, that don't accept people from outside their dogma.
Nothing at all. There's no other place I'd rather be.
we have to do alot of analytics
* Changing priorities / teams all the time
Is good place to start with the best
No comment cuz it was perfect
Lots of oppurtunities for growth.
No cons for this company
1) Less participation in project decisions.
working far away my family and my country,losing islamic environment because i'm muslim
Communicate with other teams is bit difficult.
It's becoming harder to move up at Google.
GOOD I feel okay GOOD I feel okay
huge company mood inside her
Nothing I have experienced. Google is so good.
outsourced, high performance requirements
Salary cheater,Abusive management,Irregular or sometimes half salary pay al time salary issues Management have little idea of how to tackle good employee No commitement .Misleading activities in all over India .No increment even after working for almost 3 months at a streach.
There is probably no downside in this company currently. It is a start-up.
Politics, hierarchy, America-focused, work-life balance,
No cons found in this company.
Motivation and an ambition for me to work abroad
High work pressure, high goals, too smart people.
Discrimination with third party payroll employee
I was hired under the impression that the cloud team I was joining was transparent, and supported by leaders. There is NO flexibility, no work life balance (though it is 'said' that is). When you do something you were asked to, you are then in hot water for not doing something different. Expectations change without warning, and management does not have your back when it comes to the hard work you've done, because they need to focus on how they look rather than how you look to the rest of the upper levels.
None. Very good. Cool. Such salary such wow.
None that I can think of so far
Cant progress to higher positions
Project selection limited In remote offices. Big company, makes you feel like a small cog sometimes
No idea about it honestly
Working on support role project, less career development. 7 days operations per/week
You can end up being very narrowly focused Progression and promotion can be slow
Stressful hours, not experienced team leaders, snake wage cuz the company makes it impossible to get the bonus
Felt there was a heavy distinction between FTE’s (Full-time employees) and TVC’s (Temps, Vendors and Contractors) a little bit like a ‘them vs us’ culture. Also feel managers don’t push you to expand your repertoire/skills if you’re a contractor. Tried several times to move internally into a perm role and was shut down every time with no real reason. Felt as though they already had a person in mind for the role and if it wasn’t you, don’t even bother.
too many people working on projects
Keep the pace in staying great in so many different directions can be overwhelming. One needs to develop a sense of focus pretty early
Sometime I still feel, even after multiple years in the company, the impostor syndrome.
Google runs like a cult, no life, no time for family. Once you in, you live for Google.
none none none none none
A corporate company now and is not what it used to be.
Can be afraid to leave, get syphoned off into one vertical, difficult to move around
No cons its just awsome
Too big, little value added
No cons at all
Only working on 1 thing
There are cons to say actually..
I don't have any cons about this company.
Hard to progress in levels.
you could get behind if you don't showcase your work.
Junior staff are not allowed to shine
i wont work extra time
Salary might not be as high as other similar companies, nevertheless all other attributes such as flexibility, lunch, perks, great office, team environment & Google reputation compensates.
not a lot of upward mobility past a certain point (directors/managers are hired from outside except for in Eng.) Also while some managers are incredible and gifted, others are not and the only option for development is basically to transfer orgs.
Nothing comes to mind for Google.
Do not spend enough time with my family.................
It's not as small as it used to be, so velocity is affected by amount of bureaucracy.
To get good salary, have to move to usa
You are attracted by small things like free food etc but after a while you will be bored, so start something by your own like Larry and Sergey did
Nothing much apart for a few undeserving middle management
Hectic work, Commute is not provided
You may be stuck on a dead-end project until you can get transferred away.
You're forever in meetings The quarterly nature of the business makes it feel like you're on a hamster wheel sometimes if you don't get proactive
o no thing at all
very good company culture
For earning money and make Google great and good
I can't think of any right now
everything was cool. nothing to declare
studying in a college in mechatronics department
same people , No Helipad
Became too risk averse in the business side of things and there are too many meetings with no meaning, no decisions.
Nothing to say about it .
Constantly changing, low predictability, lack of clarity, politics
practically burocracy, no homeoffice and take too much time to get promotion.
there are no cons for this company it is the best
Low growth rate. Less employee satisfaction in some teams. Smart people doing mediocre work.
Career Development should be prioritized
Your manager plays a big part in your experience with Google. Some of the company's policies don't get filtered down to middle managers who probably come from very traditional backgrounds like consulting. Your ability to do more also depends on how your manager perceived it, if it has any relevancy to your job. Being an admin, you have to support 3 managers with the understanding that managers are independent with basic things like scheduling. In reality, these managers expect you to do everything a traditional admin does and this is where you are pulled in all directions. It also felt like HR Business Partners only supports the Managers who impacts their performance review, but not the ones in the lower rungs.
No cons at all
I don't have any cons to say.
sometimes the politics are hard
Time management is Soo hectic... Expect quick response
you have to work a lot
Hiring process is too slow and painful for candidates
no flexible timimgs and odd working hours
slow decision making process
Work life balance, huge company
only colleges premises is little bit small
Over worked and long hours
actually nothing quiet bad, thats ok
Too many big bets here
Cant recall much of it. Its demanding, you have to be good
Overall it is great, highly recommend
And I don't know what to do
Long Working Hours. Can be repetitive.
Promotion, Positive Discrimination, Travel, Long Hours
It's hard to get promoted
None worth pointing out in the review
Company has got so big not as lean as before, processes slowing efforts
its pays less salary to us
Growth can be tricky in large companies.
Bad mid management level. You need to bee really focus on shining internally to get promoted. Visibility is the main criteria.
a bit pricy for average users
You need to work hard and be innovative
Good change , good choice
Getting consensus for all decisions means slower progress on some projects than in smaller companies Very big, it's easy to feel like one of many Politics are part of the work life
not flexible really at all
- No cons as per my experience
Workload can be crushing at times You had to drink the coolaid to get anywhere.
Maybe a company car would help to do the job
No cons to describe for the company
- Mid-management is fair to weak - Some lifers hold people back
Work and life balance especially in Dublin can be challenging. due to restrictions on working from home, from remote or from other offices.
by working in this job we can earn money
No cons very good company to work for
One of the best person
Big company. Politics. When you start it's about software. As you go up, it quickly becomes about leading teams and optimizing organizations. Which is not actually a bad thing - it's the natural next step. But I'm marking this here in "cons" because some software engineers might just want to care about the code and only the code, forever.
Flexible at the core of everything
Difficult work life balance but good company
You hit a ceiling at a certain level, need to move to California for more senior jobs. Also no products are being built in Dublin, so if you want to work on a product team, you need to be elsewhere - London, Zurich etc.
Might be a bit intense at times but all in all part of the fun.
i don't know of any
excellent in providing more opertunities
Doing be the best to company
Work life balance is not great
Your work/life balance is hard to maintain
It is very stressful working environment.
A big platfrom and brand name
> it's getting big and political: changing is getting slow and long > more and more pressure and sales targets more challenging than ever (Google needs to please its investors) > your job can become sometimes a bit repetitive
The company works for the government. And some things take time to happen. We had a heavy use of Windows technologies.
Is not apple but still great
There are so many interesting things to do that you have to choose which to work on - it won't be possible to work on all of them!
Google is big, so it depends on the team and your manager you work for.
No growth low salary high stress
Can be slow-moving with decisions and product development. Growth in numbers has brought some bureaucratic rigidities.
You might be lost. Becoz they are many people who are well known experts in the particular field. But you may catch up if you are hardworking
I was near to my native place
It seems far too difficult to prove the need for people in some teams. This has affected the moral and work life balance of multiple teams. This is even the case where examples of work, data on hours and overtime, etc are provided to upper management.  In my experience, flexibility of work could be better, for example, working from home is accepted but discouraged.  Whilst this seems to be getting better, the performance evaluation and promotion processes are overly complicated, stressful and inefficient.
Working 24/7 to support your team/management
Nice working management response Time
No cons as I think
Not much interesting work to be done
End of the internship programme without securing my position for second year
no down words is i want
Not a lot of work/life balance.
Lots of hierarchy. You can guess seniority of a person by how rude they are. No work life balance. Great place for people with no family when you can work at all hours. Product managers in remote office are just busy putting appearances as they are in fear of getting shut down.
Silo. Need more collaboration. foster more teamwork and able to focus on career development
Choice of Office matters for career progression and visibility
to be happy a clients
Bureaucracy could be hard to manage if you come from a smaller company
For as glamorous as Google is, it's still a corporate entity with lots of bureaucracy
Highly motivated and intelligent crowd
Steep learning curve for products that are continuously changing
Large company - the changing culture of the company is a result of the increase in size.
to make a new generation
Promo process is long, tedious, and can seem pretty random/unfair
Less salary Work pressure People become selfish Arrogance
A monotonous job division, not much system administration an operations engineer can do.
best confidence but your company I know risings
Internal tools are super frustrating and waste a lot of time that could be used to focus on our jobs
Big company you are a number and not aperson
- Becoming a big company
Hard to move up Micromanagement sometimes Long hours
Depends upon individual experience as it is a big MNC
Very very boring job not interesting
hyerarchy can be challenging sometimes. local and central teams are so different
I would like to forcast my skills, in a challenging atmosphere
Can we hard to keep up with the pace of change
Lack of opportunities for career development
I need more pay thanks
A lot of work to do there.
I am afraid i dont know any
Needs to be in divert busniess more from its cora and find new oppotunities to grow
Very tough work and not for everyone
Can't really share about this topic because working in such environment provides with good thoughts. Working with enjoyment gives work an another level.
Good but boring job is this
Very Competitive, not suitable for everyone.
Hard work and limited cooling down periods
It became too large and hard to get things done for me.
Google search is all world
The job is a bit stressful. It is necessary to show good results and write evaluation of your activity periodically.
too many iitians so gang up on other non-iitian employees
It is easy to forget about work life balance once you start working for them.
Huge organization hence less recognition for individual
Not many come to mind
it is not so nice to show the traits of colleagues at work
1. Not good for new grade, since in Google promotion is not easy. 2. Big company now , so what you work is a very small portion of the big picture.
Nothing ....life is here...will enjoy all benefits..get in iit first
Company is located at the end of F-block, sec-63, Noida.
Big slow hirarchical bearucracy na
long hours, burn out high
Pace of career growth has slowed down, mainly due to the size of the company.
Less perks No direct hiring No cab Less perks for night shifts
As it is such a large company, it can sometimes be slow to get through the bureaucracy
Hierarchical, not great management and hight rotation
none as of yet in google
To manage different people to all sections
Attrition is so low that career development is very constrained, Compensation and work conditions are so favourable that a number of people are now just coasting and lack drive
There can be a lot of bureaucracy, inefficiency and swirl. Some of this is due to the company growing very quickly and not completely figuring out its processes and some of it is intentional (by the time they figure it out the business has changed).
Everything is US centric and it's quite political
negative , but also very hard work to do
working hours are too long
work life balance is difficult to manage
Well the food is really good and that is distracting :P
challenging job experience in this modern era.
No specific growth ladder exists
salaries are less at starting (in non technical)
google collects information which maybe ..
Work life balance would sometimes need improving, but was generally good.
no cons , job is perfect
lot of work pressure, the top management has no vision...people end up doing random things with no clear direction
It could be challenging to meet the requirements, but you learn a lot in the same time and it is the most important.
Long work hours for god sake
Much work load and less liberty
Management treat you terrible, staff are only a number in their eyes.
not much to list here
sometimes boring, not enough work to do
None I can think of
Promotion and performance evaluation process is cumbersome and sometimes feels unfair Total comp package is not always top of market Internal politics
Very political. I saw many co-workers burn out. Depending on the area you work in - work life balance can be very challenging.
The work is very good
- Can sometimes feel like a small piece of a big puzzle. - Some teams can have boring projects. - Sometimes work can feel slow-paced (compared to working in a smaller company or start-up).
Management only reacts to things..
hmmmm i think all the downsides working at except some of this
Too process driven but totally depends on team.
monitoring the success of social media campaigns through media analytics and dashboards
Obviously not a startup anymore, so moves super slow.
It's competitive and very difficult to get hired.
very political. not very meritocratic environment. promotion is based more on popularity than actual results
Vps constantly changing entire division's focus, this can be exhausting and demoralising when you've worked so hard towards goals that suddenly become irrelevant or stale. Often you find out about these changes via rumours or side conversations.  Takes experience to balance work/life balance with promotion goals. Very easy to get sucked into patterns of long hours.
Hard to get into google
Google, and I expect many other companies in the industry invest a lot in their employees, and also expect their employees to invest a huge amount of their energy into Google. For someone who is super motivated by career, this is great. If you have many other areas of your life that need to take precedence, it can also be very draining and unsustainable over time. Google is a great place for superstars, but if you are "merely" really good at your job and then want to go home at the end of the day and think about other things, it can be hard to feel like you're keeping up.
While Google staff is made up of many interesting individual personalities, you often get the feeling that you need to think, feel, and breathe Google culture.  Your individuality basically gets subsumed into this giant business machine, and good luck to you if your opinions, tastes, and interests don't match the corporate culture. Basically, you need to be into the following things: yoga, inspirational quotes, American left-wing liberalism, going to the gym, new techie gadgets, office fashion, blockbusters, Netflix, travelling, bragging about your accomplishments, money. You need not be into the following things: literature, art, academic pursuits, creative writing, alternative viewpoints, having friends outsie of work, aspiring to anything other than middle management at a huge corporation.  All your time with your work friends - the only friends you'll have time to make and keep - will be spent conversing about metrics, meetings with your boss, and how best to make yourself look good for your next performance review. Your mind will be filled with these things all day long, don't kid yourself that you can have brain space for anything else if you want that promotion (and you will, just to get ahead of your office plankton job).  The open plan workspace is hugely distracting and exhausting for anyone trying to do some quality work, yet is sold as "teambuilding" (in reality, it is simply the cheapest way to house 1000s of employees)
No career progression after 2 years if your a contractor
too much work pressure, dirty politics
None at the moment. Google is a big and good company. It is my pleasure to work at one of the biggest company in the world.
nothing much according to me specifically
Week-long 24/7 oncall shifts every couple of weeks required for most engineers. Broken promotion rules that incentivize creating new products over improving existing ones. Overall feeling that the best days of this company are over and some aspects of the unique workplace culture are deteriorating, even at the current stage it is way above average though.
Little/ No Progression, Middle Management
Competition is sometimes felt in the workplace
Limited career progression opportunities in some sales teams. Dublin office seen as 'support' while decisions and strategy happen in the 'local' offices. Path towards promotion can be difficult due to certain visibility requirements. Also, a manager who lacks authority or a certain amount of influence, or with whom you don't particularly get along very well can severely hinder your chances of success.
Most time in my area we got problem with our network I mean bad service and moreover no enough subscription
no cons, all is perfect
The salary is average, it could be larger.
Working timing is fixed not extra expend your time.
Feels like nowhere else to go
Ground level work very manual and tactical
I take to heart all that is happening and the opinion of people around me
Political, lots of backstabbing at Management level, becoming solely focused on revenue and ignoring client. Hitting targets and kpis are more important than giving the customer a good experience. The company is becoming less trusted by both its employees and its customers. Promotion is based on perception rather than performance, your regularly told to ‘play the game’
- slow working - you do not grow by being good, but by staying long in the company - ceo who is calling other people to be cockroaches - some people (minority, but still double digit) seems to thinking to be better than others only because they work at Google - Googliness is very relative to the place where you work. There are no consistent rules.
Too big company You are a little pond in an huge sometimes too political company
right now nothing bad I have observe
Have not being able to find a con yet
Difficult to move from a team to another HR sometimes feels like robot (not super human)
Any special inconvenient through my experience
most people who work there are over qualified
Too big, less career opportunities than startups
When you get senior is hard to grow in one team
- Career opportunity - Impact
Not anything I can think of.
I do not have something to say.
No cons who doesn't like Google.
As the company grew, office politics got toxic (compared to 10 years earlier). The "Meritocracy" culture pitted employees against each other. Performance management system overly complicated and geared towards scoring employees rather than helping them grow.
Can be very political sometimes
Big company , so there can be bureaucracy
None so far. Great company!
- Operates very much like a huge machinery and becoming less personal - At countries where it is not dominant resources and culture will not be representative of actual company culture and experience
It’s not as it used to be The people that have stayed are political masterminds that don’t care about doing a good job, but keeping their position and creating a(fake) image of how amazing initiatives they’ve come up with.
There aren't any cons that are worth mentioning.
None at all to say
a lot of internal competition and it is not easy to get promoted
Having less speedy network since I am leaving in Ethiopia, here in my country network speed is so slow this affect me.
none till now but sometime politics
the work is quite difficult and stressful.
NA NA NA NA NA
Hard work, high employee turn over
lots of stress and work
Meeting up with delivery. Doing the task and doing the right thing to the satisfaction of the customers, clients. It is not always easy but never give up.
- Took a massive paycut initially - Sales teams are very cut throat - Some real bad managers who get promoted because of office politics
Nothing to complain about in the company. All good.
- Core job can be repetetive
Working inside a bit of a bubble, it can be easy to lose skills in more well known technologies.
Location, Irregular work schedules,
- Huge company - Slow movement
workload , no work-life balance
Recent years have seen (what felt like) an exponencial increase in middle and senior levels of management which have derailed some parts of the organization away from what would be its very worthwhile mission. Increasingly political company.
Demands can be high. you need to deliver.
To have presence and be seem by senior leaders requires you to know how to craft a nice story rather than actual customer impact.
Can easily get all consumed in work
My love is to serve the Google
there is not a lot of benefits
I do not have any real complaints
Least jobs opportunity if you are lucky u get a job.
Very hard to get promoted or get a bonus salary.
No real cons aside from disparity between Googlers and TVCs.
If you are to progress, you need to master the game of politics. So if you are only a top performer that doesnt always play the cards.  In some teams, if you are unlucky, leadership can be a bit biased and is not as strong and focus as other teams. However, Sundar's leadership is what gives employees confidence, inspiration and motivation!
Less growth laid back too much pampering nothing bad ppl r chilled out but growth options are less very few
no specification, time consuming, not full time.
- a rat race - bad work-life balance - not for someone who has already a family
nothing to say for cons .
Recruitment is horrible, they forget you, and only care about their own job. People are too educated for their positions. It's very structured compared to what they wish to be. Innovation happens by acquiring start-ups. Internal transfers to other countries can be a lot more difficult than they say.
Heavy work load, high pressure environment, awarded like a child sometime , Performance evaluation unclear.
sleepless nights. countless meetings to attend
i am an normal student studying in panimalar engineering college (chennai)1 year (ece group)
high pressure from some projects
Pressurised a little Too far in gurgaon Can be hectic for some as its a target based work and can build pressure
Google is becoming a big and bureucreatic company.
Frequent change. Nothing else to note.
Lack of organization in some internal processes.
A little bit shift from bottom-up to top-down culture.
Limited career growth Very Competitive Highly Contagious
ı did not receive salary
no cons just they pay extra lol Everythings is good and yes come here and join our work with us
no cons as of now
With very talented people it can be difficult to rise in the company as you may find elsewhere. Google pays industry average, so you will not be on top pay here.
Hierarchy and bureaucracy, hard to grow quickly on the career ladder
Decision taking time is too much
no cons  work here good management great wow
the culture makes the place feel like a bit of a cult, lunches are always taken together and everything feels rather forced
The company is getting too big
I did not get anything bad from the experience
the perf system can put a lot of pressure on employees
No development if you work on vendor basis. (outsourcing contract)
There is none from my experience
Worklife balance can sometime be hard to get right due to the constant demands on your time
Boring, time, consuming, workaholic, algorithmic
No things and no things
Not innovative enough, admin stuff
Honestly none I can think of
yes I am a cons of work.
Sometimes things are going slowly - it's a big company. Not much negotiation regarding salary. Heavy promo process.
A little bit work pressure, but manageable.
Bit Big, and hierarchical as well.
I really enjoy this work, I always do clean , I earn money very easily in google for this work so
there are no cons as such
Highly political often times which can be challenging. Difficult to advance quickly.
Toxic work environment, no manager around training or monitoring the staff, rota not done properly: one day you are too many, other day you are short-staffed, cheap uniforms, changing rooms are smelly, dirty and overly crowded, meals on duty are a disgrace, we were served raw food several times, there is no staff canteen (they told me during interview it was temporary, it has actually been like that for the last 2 years).
Giant tankard that can't be steered. Too big, too slow and too many layers
Your office space can be too small
Requires travel to US and participation in (video)conferences across timezones.
Politics / egos at very senior levels
I do not have any cons
challenging is so interest. ant its grow any business i'm a hard worker. and i love work.any people get me job than i think he wil grow quickly
Not many interesting projects, especially outside Mountain View
None really. Slight downside is that most of the work is for non-India products with the critical parts developed by US / Europe Teams.
no till date. super environment
Little more flexibility in the work timings would have been nice.
It takes time to evolve in such big company. Your work progressively tends to be specialised and segmented without big perspective to grow
too big for decision process
Too big. Slow, can’t move
possibility to travel projects outside of job spec COLLEAGUES are friendly big impact
arrogant, political, re-org after re-org
Too focused on US side of business significantly undermining EMEA operations. Had 6 managers within 2 years and at some point had no manager. This results in no support and no consistent performance review. This leads to lower career opportunities and feeling of stagnation on the role.
Over time, it's lost its innovative streak which tends to happen with any company that goes from startup stage to a 60k+
If you work in content or are a creative writer there aren't that many internal opportunities for progression.
Less hike and more pressure
Work life balance, long hours
You need to stretch out the hours when required
hard promotion system, cost cutting, poor mid-level management
Good work life balance is only possible if you are ok with absence of growth. And even if you fully committed to work and do extra mile, promotion is not guaranteed. Because at Google you never good enough
Noise in the Stream Circles Is Slick
greater work load and abcde
I had a temporary contract, and that kind of hiring make so several differences between you and a full-time googler. Those differences reminds you that you very often that you are not part of the company.  Benefits also are extremely different between a googler and a temp. But both spend the same time a day in the company and give everything to make Google a better brand.
- The incentive system and promotions favor visibility and salesmanship over actual work. This leads to silly situations where everyone and their dog are a "lead" so they can be promoted, and actual work gets sidelined.  - Google doesn't push out low performers - instead they tend to stay in their role forever while others move on, leading to departments where the levels of excellence you'd expect of Google are not met.  - There is some amount of pointless process and bureaucracy, like at other big companies, but at Google it's somehow more infuriating. Partly, it's frustrating because it's applied arbitrarily and unevenly. More importantly, though, the pin counters and process writers undermine the culture of personal responsibility and creativity, which makes the top performers leave for places where they're more trusted to get on with it.
no cons all is well
Politics / egos at very senior levels
Nothing exists in this best company
too much stress kill your life
hard work , lots of people all the time
No cons. Can improve management.
the workplace environment is slightly toxic
None that I could think of.
Very Rare depends upon your attitude
Company is too large and lot's of rules.
You will most likely work on something quite boring related to Ads.
bureaucracy, slow career progression, the company is way too big now
Nothing really. Can't complain of my job.
No cons
various quality of project management depends on the teams
Getting too big, so roles become quite specialised
* Very large company. * Possibly already reached it's full potential.
- Lack of structure can be daunting. You could be working on a project for a year then suddenly it would get scratched. - Very little opportunity for promotion .
stress and life work balance
- you might end up spending all your time at work because you have everything you need & only going home to see family and change clothes!!
Some people doesn't carry good attitude and play politics
It's extremely hard to find a downside.
Too hierarchical but great managers
not much to do there in the location
This company requires Strength both Psychological and Physical. I will let you to decide whether you have received the email positively or not.
i did not find any cons here
Hard to leave work, too many perks!
imposter syndrome, limited impact in such a large company
Wrestling with how to maintain culture whilst growing as a business, more process being implemented as company scales meaning loss of agility.
Working hours can be harsh
no such bad about company
Best company to work here
Crazy politics, Limited Growth, and Ceiling Effect.
No negative comments from my side
Career path in India limited
Super huge corporation (can be a plus too).
agency dependency on work times
Not all but I am not accept liability
None Actually Seriously a great place to work at
- Becoming more corporate, with more bureaucracy and overhead - Feels like it's growing too fast in the bay area
[Almost] everybody is overqualified for their jobs Google has a very strong brand position. That’s why they have to pick the brightest candidates even for low-level positions.  It’s hard to get promoted If you’re already overqualified for your post, you can expect that people with higher posts have even “better” education and stronger work ethic.  Too many egotistic people Everyone is territorial. They’re not interested in the opinion of others, unless those people are important.  Not enough employee diversity They used to hire people with similar backgrounds, same worldviews from the same 10 schools with the same interests.  Your expectations for your next job will be harder to meet After being a Google employee, your standards will almost be impossible to match. You’ll always look for the same benefits you got from your previous employer.
The company is getting bigger and things can get more silo at time. Decision making take longer.
Management can at times be demanding
Nothing has come up, which is negative
I used to have a car and now it is broken so I take public transport to get to work
I need to work hard to catch up
to far away from home
long hours of working environment
- it's a big company so expect a little bit of admin work - visibility is very important in the promotion process
Becoming a really big corporation with all the problems derived from it.
no cons
It is tough to handle work
Huge workload, lots of deadlines
Politics, Visibility, Narcissism, Ageism, Not so business savvy, Constant reorgs.
Change is slow Very difficult to be promoted Too many re-orgs
Heavy process to move up the ladder.
Not every job here is shaping the future, and as the company has grown, it's fallen into common large corporate company pitfalls: useless admin, more entrenched hierarchy, less consumer focus.
In the Ads professional services department the work can be downright uninspiring. There are plenty of segments like this within Google which offer nothing special from any other company in the industry. For instance, if you don't work in something hot like Deepmind, Hardware or, say, Maps, you may find it very difficult to get excited about the work.  There is no shortage of over-qualified people sitting in positions which under-utilise their skills.  The company purports to be data-driven, but compared to say Amazon -- in the Ads professional services department -- it is not.
Actually personally I've no complain about Google. It's like a heaven. But Google wants output. If you can't provide better skill,then you'll be eliminated.
It is getting too burocratic.
People chasing promotions can be rootless
Presence of mind is must and At Work One Must Be attentive
less agility than i thought
Nothing to share much about this
Not much space for improvement
very competitive, gorwth path can take year to fully develop, very linear,
can not work in pressure
As with all other companies, politics then collides with coherence.But , maybe a necessary evil.
low salary, outdated technologies used
Work-life balance is not great, and you'll probably get paid more almost anywhere else.
It's Some Times Hard Workibg At Google
slightly bureaucratic as it grows in size
Nothing to say about it but specifically if I need to mention here is I can say better need to be free employee
Work Life Balance can be difficult when working with different timezones around the world
work stress.high salary.luxurious life style.
Some hires are overqualified, might get dissatisfied at current job. It is up to the employee at times to find the project they are passionate about and chase it
Some people might find it too large of a company
Have to be lucky to get an interesting project
Lower Salary, no work life balance
I did not find anything as such
There are no cons to working at google.
Big name #expectations are more from the very first day. I think they deserve that.
sometimes things happen so fast, managers easily loose focus on long term vision and prioritise short-term tactical deliveries company is more vertical than they'd claim, still hierarchical and decisions sometimes take a long time to get approved
Process, Admin, Middle Management, Workload
Hard to feel impact of own contribution in such a large company. Can be a power struggle to go from one level to the next , but not unusual in most companies, you are just playing W amongst the best
Work for exle word any type work for computer
As Google grows they have to adapt to the market so it gets difficult to get on top of all new processes.
- can easily feel like a small cog in a big wheel - risk of getting too comfortable & entitled
Google Ireland felt like a continuum to a college: very junior people who enjoyed the expat bubble and parties – not much experience around. The company has a reputation for hiring overqualified people to mundane roles and that's what happened to me. There was no way to change the role and nobody in the management admitted the problem so my experience in the company was unhappy and quite short.
There are no cons working here. It is calm and funny environment.
i dont know exist, i wont never left this employer
Ultra competitive. Some managers are too comfortable, lazy and take it for granted.
not bad after all no cons
Backstabbing and ultra-competitive environment which rewards great acting skills
Using AI in order to subvert independent media truth reports. Using AI to quantitatively collect as much personal and bio data as it can from every human being on Earth! --- which will be soon used against humanity. Sundar Pichai is a megalomanical greed monger who is essentially a traitor to humanity.
i am work in google is very easy
Getting too big and slow
no growth no time no balance no free time no games
busy work environment and also competitive
Must put all the efforts in all tasks
Very fast changing org structure- may not be suitable for everyone
Hours can be too long
no cons for my time there
Low salary, a lot of subconctracting
* low compensation (in UK) * political * lack of documentation * burnouts * teamplay is penalized in favor of individual contributions * mistakes are a big no-no
If a person doesn't perform on target the pressure is very high
Too much bureaucracy, departments have conflicting aims at times
Hard Work Lack of Recognition Restrictions to do more
Not enough resources, is hard to compete with 2 or 3 team members against AWS or Microsoft
It's difficult to adopt to the world around after leaving the company. Keeping work/life balance and having a clear long-term career plan is paramount at this point.
Progression can be challenging, a lot of people are leveled incorrectly on entry and come in too low
Poor training, high staff turn-over, unrealistic targets.
there are less girls than boys
career development is relatively slow.
Never always best & best company.
No increase in salary and office is always have to walk 15 minutes away from all routes of public utility vehicles.
Strategy, resources and leadership are overly US-leaning.
project itself was not related to my background
None. for a person who loves to learn and grow.
Sometimes, the engineering and marketing areas seems very distant from each other and this generate crappy products such as G+ or Duo.
some times it time taking
For contractors is very hard to get a permanent position.
not yet any Not find any. Some times projects are same.
better salary would have been appreciated.
there are no cons i assume
long time working time high pressure office politics high revenue pressure high peer pressure
Intresting and unique thing i have ever seen
Nothing, everything great. Check Pros
Unmanaged, unprofessional,unreliable, self centred managementnreliable, self centred management, bad HR and hR policies
They pay less compared to Tower and other companies.
too much food makes you super fat
Diversed culture Working hours are not good
Socially strict, not able to speak your mind.
there aren't many cons tbh
salaries are way too low
It's a big company. There are some bad managers, bureaucracy, and sometimes-limited career choices that come from working at a big company.
The company is now gigantic which of course slows down processes, approvals, overall messaging and impact.
less opportunities to growth compared to smaller offices
I can't really complain about anything.
The interview process and promotion policy is designed for a software company, which is the mainstream of the company. However, the organization that I worked is hardware related, I felt the process and policy didn't fit well for a hardware organization.
Electric power and mantenance refrigretor and air condioner
Performance evaluation cycles are very lengthy and can get excessively competitive.
Perhaps google growth to fast and now is a sow bib company
Some times you need to work at home as well (it depends)
The FEW bad things about Google is that during lunch no one really talks they just sit on their laptops and you NEED a keycard to get anywhere, even the merch cupboard!
None No issues to report
Work life balance not good
The challenges of working here is to worksharder to get pay.And achieve our goals.
Sometimes I do not have anything to work on.
Work life balance doesn't exist and very poor flexibility of working hours especially for parents.
Too many smart people working on less interesting projects
Staff are worked like dogs sometimes Not much room for promotions Game of Thrones-esque politics between departments- if you don't hit off with the right people, you won't make it far
Slow paced projects make work seem long at times.
They might unfavorably dominate the market. They mighty take advantage of consumer expense. They can push local firms out of business. They are willing to gain ridiculous profits at any cost. They a great environmental threat.
there is nothing that I would change
no inconvenients for the moment i need to word to know and giving my point of view
competitive, lots of very smart people and you have to stand out amongst them.
None, everything was great n
Nothing major but sometimes politics could limit your growth
Increasing corporate nature was dehumanising the culture.
Culture of not taking any time off
Office Politics and attitude plays a negative role in the Indian Office
Poor work life balance, Highly competitive
The salary is not as competitive as the salary offered by hedge funds.
Not a good ok as C rgo shrsty your career
N o r t h i n g to s a y a n y c o n s .
It has no downsides/cons or whatever you wanna call it
Like everywhere else, but overall no deal-breaker : internal politics, some orgs seem better treated than other (high vs low budgets), company culture & values can feel heavy at times...
Working hours (officially 9am-6pm but very often till 6.30 or 7pm), sometimes the work can be very stressful and you have to handle difficult customers
nothing at all, great company
Simple spice in the best time
NA na na na na
There are so many amazing things to work on and it hards to pick one.
Not many but maybe internal comms.
You need to always prove the work you have been done.
very time consuming at google
Culture shift and need to focus on core products instead of competing with everyone
Sometime the travel time take over 75% of the total time
bad food for ppl in company
- Work is never ending. Literally, you can't finish anything as the pace is so fast by the time you get something done surely there's 3 other things waiting on your to do list. - Hence, long hrs and really bad work life balance. Everyone is super competitive at Google so if you don't want to be left behind you need to match the pace and that means constantly going above and beyond. Management just says you shouldn't be working outside hrs and prioritize but they don't want to go into the reality of it and go with a head-down approach.... In addition when it comes to recognition and promotion obviously they build on this type of performance as benchmark so you are screwed if you try to actually have a life. - Flexibility is a myth... some teams are better than other's but most cases you either don't have time to enjoy perks like going to the gym, getting a massage or you are frowned upon if you do. Not to mention work hr flexibility or working from home, big no no's.
Not any negatives really to say
Time went way too fast for them
Unfortunately, Google has been changed hierarchical organisation from 2003.
Over crowded. Too many people trying to do similar things
Hard to keep work-live balance because of incisive tasks.
Wavering strategy for Africa where I am based.
No cons so far, everything is fine.
None of the things were a con
Hard to add real impact in such a big company
every thing is cons,from management to working environment.
In my opinion, the work in Google is no disadvantages, because there is a good salary, there are many opportunities and prospects.
no cons really.everything is awesome
* I don't trust the upper management. They don't have my respect * Our team doesn't function as a team, it's just individuals sitting together. * I expected higher code quality from such a respected company.
Quite hectic and not enough time
Small office. Lesser career move opportunities.
Big company. You feel like you're not making so much of an impact at times. It isn't want it used to be. Director to VP levels can get quite political.
Work life balance could be improved in the India office
salary, climate and some other things
soft environment and good condition
Fast moving environment, political colleagues
Becoming more and more of a corporate
Pressure can be very high.
When I joined Google 7 years ago, I used to be amazed at people and culture every day. Over the time as the company grows to a large corporate with more hierarchy and corporate politics and most of founding management left, it's now just a normal company with corporate double talks and lack of transparency from management. People and culture are still better than most companies but not amazing any longer. Also company wide issue is detaching from work. Over many years here, I've never seen a college doing well without doing overtime (might be possible in a large operational team though). People may leave the office early but will dial back in to work at night. It was okay when I was single but not when I need family time with 2 small kids. Burn outs are quite common as the performance evaluation is based on comparison to your peers who are bright talents and work 24/7.
Lots of politics which slows down the work you're trying to finish
No big disadvantages you should know of
Work life balance and lack of good execution
Lots of internal specific infrastructure, long ramp-up period
No money or holiday yet
Much smaller and not as many opportunities as HQ in the US
Its a pleasure to me that I work at google
Lack of justice Employee assessments ,they never support anything staff had ever care something talking with customer like rude people
Large company problems: you likely end up either a small contributor in an impacful project or a large contributor in a small project
Always asking to do more , sometimes it's not possible to stretch to infinite.
It seems like the company is no longer sticking to the original values that made me wanna work for them, such as "put the user first and everything else will follow". Also I felt like there were weak support from HR and middle management to support my career plan.
Studied a Master , funded my own company, several years of experience managing at an entrepreneurial level. Nothing matters for google, you will be placed on customer service getting calls with no innovation whatsoever unless you are an engineer.
very tough to be seleccted
Their is none as they have a healthy working environment.
Could take a while for you to find the opportunity that suits your skillset
The organization is becoming increasingly bureaucratic Low transparency for performance appraisals and criteria for promotions Lack of actionable feedback False sense of superiority in some of the managers (just because they joined in the earlier days)
there are no cons as i can see it
It became too big as a company, so too many stakeholders. Sometime, the core job tend to be stakeholder managements.
- Work in retail store - Part-Time position only
cons was the organization structure
no negatives in this organisation
A lot of pressure perhaps?
it is probably the best company to work for
Change management and frequent re-org's
politics and internal conflicts will be more
people are not that nice
Pretty gard to get promoted
nothing, e t h i n g
it is only sales work, it cna get very repetitive and not that interesting
they expect the world and more... each and every day you need to be the best you can be.
You should be able to ask questions and it is important to learn new technology everyday
There is no any demarites of the google company
Hard to stand out with so many smart people around you who are ready to work hard. Losing key people for projects can be tough.
nothing to mention . Small issues in big org are normal.
You get fat very easily
There is nothing con about Google I think....it might be challenging for a guy to get into the Google rather than service based companies ....
improvemnt of speed contct detILA
no cons it is good company for work
- Easy to develop imposter syndrome
- hard to find great opportunities for professional development - middle management is very poor, demotivating
nice job but it can be more better
Too many working hours. Sometimes stressful.
work load are very highCulture, Perks, Smart People, Employee happiness
You have to be at the top your game. There is no room for slacking.
Free food and drinks because of your hard works. Long hours for some teams. No way to change anything even you know the directions on wrong track. The management might scream at the meeting or in front of other employees. The management wouldn't keep their words and all faults caused by the junior, not their directions Unreasonable timeline sometimes
a lot of smart people and hence more challenging to advance your career
Growing inertia, mono culture that you'd better learn to love.
A lot of international hangouout meetings. Work life balance was bad.
Bureaucracies Swollen Less Scalable Less People Focused than before
If we worh here it is presitious one
None to be honest with you
slowing down due to larger size of org
i dont see any cons
How to accept the changes of the technology day by day
There are no cons. Zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero cons
internal politics, misaligned performance metrics and high expectations make it a difficult environment to get used to.  My impression was that internal mobility is a rather quick and easy process but it's something that can take 6months or more after you hit your 1 year mark to find an opportunity that is a step up from what you're currently doing. This greatly depends on the organisation you are a part of.
FTEs who are ambitious and competitive to the point of disrupting progress. Work/life balance is challenging.
If you're not in California, there are somewhat fewer opportunities. Not you can take all the opportunities that show up anyway.
Can be a bit hectic in office
Really high competition to get into the industry
nothing to mention except one thing, a bit limited oppty for promotion
Company has reached a size and a complexity where most roles even at senior level are rather narrow in scope, and there is a lot of "work about work" - Agreeing who does what, defining processes - One can grow impatient and weary
Inter-departmental collaboration is difficult and slightly politicized.
To be honest I found None.
Quite a repetitive job really
Lots of work and lots of smart people to make you feel dumb
work load are very high
Process heavy , patronizing, the company is big and people management sometimes is lacking , especially when it comes to personal development.
I become it's employee recently so my attention is on my work and rejoicing where I am and how far I come. With time passing, we became acquainted so maybe I will be able to write pros and cons then.
long working hours but rewarded for
I like work with your company
Its scale is too big so the outer USA branch will be not fully "Googley".
High internal and external competition for the same jobs
The work itself can get monotonous so one needs to continuously look out for learning opportunities.
Google adversaries google works in outsite, and field work. etc
Disorganized product management procedures. Office politics
No cons that I can think of
For my parents happiness and my future
have to organize yourself well because you work independently
Everything changes so often (also a positive tho)
The only downside i faced is my profile was not apt to my field of study.
Tends to be very political and many are not keen to help you unless it benefits them personally (i.e. performance reviews). Perks are nice, but I'd give them up for better basics - health, pension, etc.  Work flexibility is a farce - at least in my office/team - and there are a lot of barriers to even getting an afternoon approved to work from home, much less multiple days. To me this illustrates a lack of trust in their employees.  I don't know -- I've been generally unhappy since I've joined due to lowered work/life balance, lack of flexibility (so much for those extra vacation days), lack of colleagues' willingness to help with questions/projects, poorer basic benefits, etc.... but I've been compelled to stay since "it's Google" and to give it a fair chance.
- More limited room for growth and project availability in satellite offices, especially if they're on the smaller side. But this is likely an issue in any distributed company.
One drawback is there are no inventory level guaranteed
Every company and every job has their pros and cons. I don't know what would be the cons for thiscompany.
Employees who job share often cite "quality of life "issues as the main reason they only want to work part time. After weighing the amount of time they spent at work vs. the amount of time they were able to spend on leisure activities, they opted to work less so they could enjoy life more.
There are no cons for Google
should be very ambitious to fit in stressful at times
None I can think of
Unclear goals at mid level positions
You lose much time mancham and finds nothing
There is no downsides of working at google at all.
Unfortunately moving away from its initial startup culture so roles can become quite restrictive.
depends on the connection of internet
Can be hard at times a constant flowjng work load
Nothing to say about cons in my last company.
The work itself can get monotonous so one needs to continuously look out for learning opportunities.
People are disposable. Opaque performance review process, subjective and based on politics. Too many middle managers shouting to be heard.
I didn't find anything,its fine
Most monotous job you can experience in your life Mexican MArket is a mess people on the european markets earn the same than people that make the effort on markets like mexico, or brasil
Low salary, No motivation if they close the project.
Google have to maintain lots of privacy. They do not allow you to access everything easily.
Lots of politics. All projects are ambiguous. Not sure whats being attributed to performance.
repetitive food and crowded computers
it didnt last very long
However, the work involved was very tough and difficult. You have to put in a lot of extra work to do well.
management is distant from reality and does not understand what employees are actually doing and it becomes worse every year. completely nontransparent promotion policy with a lot of politics involved instead working people are concentrated on "visibility" and "presence" to impress management. concentration on short success and fake numbers that have no correlation with the real business world and customer needs low salaries compared to competitors
Easy to get complacent after a while.
Internal tools are far from perfection --> time lost on admin, big organization - big bureaucracy, in-work benefits go down due to cost cuts
No Pressure in sales from managers but it gets inbuilt
Lots of stress and pressure
Continuous re-structuring and unstable work environment.
Nothing to comment, Firm takes care of its employees
Challenge, Challenge, Challenge, Challenge, Challenge,
shut up no cons no problem
It has very long working hours
Highly competitive, overly metric driven, constant reorganisations and management changes making career development difficult. Career progression can be an issue if your manager is unsupportive, and may be limited depending on the location you're working in. Smaller offices have less career development opportunities. In sales, there is a strong 'me, myself and I' culture where you will need to position your achievements strategically to get ahead which can be tedious and tiresome.
thiere is no cons according to me.
i don't think so there is something downside at working in this company
Amazing people and even more amazing environment
Large hierarchy difficult to own projects
Can be a lot of work sometimes
nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing
less innovation and more dull than expected
tough work life balance, hard work
Contract based and under an agency
Horrible management. Bad team team spirit visible in poor code quality. Lack of motivation. All offices managed from MTV.
- Low wages relative to competitors - Dublin operation is mostly call centre - Low travel budgets, rarely able to fly business class long haul
Can be very long hours depending on the project
Random and often incompeten management by people caring about their careers more than about anything else
middle management is awful and dangerous
Work load is more than u can handle
Politics, egos, visibility obsession, processes, too much data analysis
Slow and conservative in some areas
Sometimes didn't have a great time working here
Not much to say about cons
Lot of work and pressure, also a lot of annoying projects, it is about working, working and working
I can't find anything Cons because Google is a storehouse of Pros.
Less pay, lesser than the average salary in the city
No issues.Flexible and Reliable solution
It's a huge company, there's little freedom to move around and work around what you want to work on.
Nothing. The best company i ever seen
Sucky working hours, no freedom
The Cloud team does not have the same culture as the rest of the company. Very top down, no focus on employee happiness and well being, lack of respect from management for other employees
I don't like muesli, and the less I see of Mars the better. Its not all its cracked up to be, a bit cold and dry and no atmosphere.
Way to much travel, lots of HR overhead, 20% time is really 120%
Turning into a very big company. Not really bottom-up anymore.
There is a relentless push for promotion, and while I appreciate the upward mobility in the company, I found it frustrating that ultimately I'd be pushed towards people management roles, when this was not my strength.
More rewards for visibility and politics than results
- working across different time zones
None that i can think of.
Very repetitive, not very challenging work, small room for promotion. Usually take 1.5 years to get a promotion but you are still doing the same job. No real change and very difficult to move to other teams.
Routine work, monotonous and boring
no special comments for cons
- Far from home - Homesick
The reward system is strongly biased toward "launches." There's a lot of peer pressure to spend a lot of time at the office because everyone else is spending time at the office. It's becoming harder to move up at Google. Supervision is minimal—but that cuts both ways. Google's remote-office experience is pretty lame. Pay is good—for engineers. Software engineers make more than $100,000 on average.  But startups are trying to steal engineers away from Google, and while they can't always match pay, they can offer more upside in their stock packages.  And if you're not an engineer, chances are your pay package won't be nearly as competitive
Salary, travel,can't think of
A lot to do there
underlooked every contract employeeeeeeeeeeeeee. as 2nd class traveller in the organization.
Too much unneccessary legal process that slows down work and orders. getting in too many Politicial Managers.... less real work done.
Highly distributed company, majority of decisions and conversations cross several timezone boundaries, although APAC can feel quite lonely.
Nothing really that I can think of.
Could do with more tech savvy leaders in Finance department
Company size is becoming very large, and it is becoming more corporate and less innovative on the ground.
Nothing bad, all is positive.
Temp role with an end date
As many consulting companies I would say that it could be difficult to work if the individual is used to work with processes-type corporations.
* Snake pit in terms of internal politics and promotions * Business is growing so fast organic, individual impact unclear (=unsatisfying) * Almost nobody actually cares about the job they were hired for, mostly focused on getting promotions, visibility project, impressing management
there are none except complex work and OT.
Not enough challenges, very strong hierarchy
Workload can be tough, need a very good time management
This is a story of a Kashmiri Muslim who worked at a Google India Site and was victimized, tortured, discriminated and forced to resign from his work on the basis of just being who he is, a ‘Kashmiri Muslim’.  The story gets more haunting and terrifying after his forced resignation, when he approached different Indian National Media to bring this case under limelight so that it may not happen again with anybody else. Not only did the national media turn him down, the alternate media also didn’t pay any heed to his suffering even when he had all the proof of what he had gone through.  Below is the email, untouched and unedited, that he has sent to numerous media organizations but to no benefit. Read on:  This is to bring to your attention a ‘matter’ that has victimized me as a vendor employee of Google India hired by Google’s valued Ad-words partners in India (Serco Global Services) to provide services to Google Ad-words customers at Google’s data centre in Gurgaon, Haryana, India.i
- Fast-paced environments actually means organizational changes every 6 months, and results in uncertainty and anxiety for personel  - Lot of internal pressure for promotion : each next level unlocks better salary and more interesting jobs within the company + people judge you based on a "level" you achieved. Yet, promotion process is not transparent, and visibility and politics plays a bigger role than performance itself.  - You might find yourself "locked" in a position you don't like, doing jobs that are below your expertise. Yet you wouldn't be able to move higher if you didn't got a promotion. This leads to burnout and loss of interest to the job.  - Don't be fooled, Google is a corporation now. All cons of corporation, including omnipresent politics, non-payed extra working hours, internal bureaucracy, management prefer to look at numbers and not to speak with people, and the Google Bubble, where one is loosing the connection with a rest of the world...
absurd idea, difficult for apply, competition for the whole world,
Google has become a large corporation, climbing the hierarchic ladder can now be perceived as a rather long process
Everyone is territorial. They’re not interested in the opinion of others, unless those people are important.
You need to say 'no', work/life balance can be challenging
Such a large organisation it is often hard to see a real impact in the work that you do or to make changes
Excellent reputation job offer for both part time and full time job for freshers making income and benefits bonus fee
Forgotten how to cook. Too much good food on campus!
Could be given more challenging tasks sometimes
Perks grown on to you. It could be difficult to find other jobs that match the Google culture. It is easy to get lost in such a huge setup.
Salary is less Needs better people Its good but there is always room for improvement
Pay is not competitive, very difficult to ascend.
lot of work but good job
High pressure, long hours, competitive environment.
Please be aware that you personal skill set gets not further developed and that you will never make a real career @ Google. Managers are usually hired externally.
Large corporation - difficult to distinguish yourself
Quality of medium management varies greatly from awful to awesome Paris office's culture is very "French Parisian" in the negative sense of it
The company is steering in a very dangerous direction in the sales dep. 100% focus on short term success, leaving customers frustrated and employees stressed. Work-Life-Balance is horrendous (even with all the benefits).
Too demanding and always a lot of things to do and not enough recognition
- Limited advancement or lateral movement available in Canada - Management seems to favor external hires for more senior roles rather than promoting within
Sometimes we need to work overtime.
accountant related job in google
Till now there are no negative points
- They work you hard - Have to be strict with yourself
Hard working hours and a lot of discrimination.  Jokes all day long
As the organization is growing bigger, everything slows down and decisions are more bureaucratic.
* Increasingly a passive/aggressive culture. As company size increases, number of 'bad apples' has increased. * Teams differ greatly in terms of quality & culture. Do your research. * Mid-life careers can die here. Little opportunity for growth when you become more senior so know when to get out. Too many people clinging on for dear life and too scared to explore things outside of Google because of the 'golden handcuffs'. * Work/life balance can be atrocious in some senior positions. A lot of lip-service paid to making this better. High compensation essentially becomes hazard pay. * Junior people are often too overqualified for their entry-level roles. It's a great place for them to start but know that you should consider leaving after 3-4 years if new opportunities are not opening up for you. Too many don't do this and become miserable.
Too much stress, believe me
None. An excellent organisation to work and grow
Well I don't see any downside working at Google .
Having grown so much bureaucracy has started to creep in. Google is no longer a start-up and while it tries hard, it's gotten slower over the years.
So tough to find anything like this company once you leave
Difficult work that has hard work to life balance
No cons so far.Still there are some places where they can improve
work-life-balance can be an issue
There are no cons about google
Performance evaluation system is not robust!
Sometimes I get bored. It's difficult to really innovate and stand out
quite difficult to promote among such an excellent company
1. Very high expectations 2. Less personal life
In my opinion,there is no cons.
Promotion cycle is very competitive. Constantly restructioning.
non applica ble but could be better
It is really hard to find any.
there wasnt enough free food
No Cons as such. The atmosphere is good as well.
almost nothing negative i can find.
The cons was non payment of my dues of Rupees 3.69 crore, bad management and cheating of customers.
Third party payroll employees are not eligible for benifits which is kind of weird decision by google, coz they are working for them then why not equality..
Google is supposed to be of the best place in the world to work. Its a career heaven .Googlers have some of the best perks and they are among the highest paid in the industry.
working environment too stressful and long working hour
Too few to meet the market demands
Fail to live up to the expectation of the Smart People. Employing too many former Oracle, AWS staff... employment judgement base on Talk Only.. making the environment political...
Google is already too big company and it sounds like some or most employees do not have venture spirits anymore.
As the company grows bigger, it's becoming more and more political. If you're not an engineer then getting good performance ratings and promotion takes a bit of skills.
none at all it is great working with friends
hectic, frantic transitioning from an Ads business to 'something else'
Hard work, long hours, limited travel
It's a big company and things can change fast at a high-level.
nothing to write about google
Company growing at fast pace and it has too many layers Can be a bit political
Most of the projects are uninteresting. The choice of languages and technology is often uninspired.
- Very dynamic atmosphere: no time to 'get comfortable' in your role because change happens very often: sometimes positive, sometimes negative change - High competition due to very qualified and skilled colleagues, long promotion process
i am join google company
I heard company politics are a bit of a pain, but then all big companies have that. If you want to get promoted quickly you have to work on new and cool things instead of maintaining old products and maintaining old products. It's very normal cons for a big company.
Relatively slow development cycle (Necessary to ensure quality)
No cons that I can think of.
I didn't like the atmosphere or the way people treated each other. It was extremely competitive and socially I felt like I was back in school (in a bad way!).  The 9 - 6 day is too long (9 - 5.30 would be fair) and after hours work is frequently expected of you.
Director/VP level sales management within Google Cloud is somewhat weak based on region. Due to a recent reorg, it's become more of a top-down culture. My hope is that this is temporary.
no cons no cons no cons no cons no cons no cons
- sometimes you have short time to socialise with a big group
Too much politics and hard to make any significant impact.
nothing much to talk about the company
Bad work life balance. The flexibilty of working hours is there but still the after job mail handling and other stuff are a drag.
Salary is the biggest advantage
A lot of smart people concentrated in one place. Someone's got to do the dirty work even though everyone is probably massively over qualified
Conversion interviews - being interviewed by people who don't know you for a job in a team yoi areally currently in
Quite far from my house but that doesn't matter
bay area is too expensive to live.
Analytical roles within Sales are badly managed - data analysts managed by non-technical stakeholders Very competitive calibration and performance review process, with too much focus on "big" projects regardless of the actual value delivered Overly bureaucratic systems and organisations, very difficult to find the correct person or team that can action what you need, constant requirement to fill out various shared collaborative spreadsheets that serve no long-term function Constant rotation of staff (average role turnover time: 1 - 1.5 years) means clients aren't really getting the best quality account and sales management
no work place, stressfull environment
- none I can think of
Company has excellent infrastructure , can't see any negative aspect. However , some roles are more challenging and demanding , but it gives you chance to be more creative
google do not have cons
Very fast paced and you don't always get chance to take advantage of all the benefits provided. As with all companies there are some characters to work with (and around). It's not supposed to be hierarchical but it has become that way and red-tape is ever-increasing at is grows.
Can become overwhelming at times
Getting bigger and bigger now.
No pay. Very vachious. Make promises they know will not be filled. Hard to understand who's in charge. Cancelled all of my orders after I worked for them. Also not a dollar from anyone yet.
No cons really, all is well.
One does not get benefits from Google
It's a big company, so naturally there will be red tape to deal with. I sometimes wish I could be nimble.
Very competitive environment with all its advantages and inconvenients.
over time work work / life balance
Nothing as such to mention, great place and great experience to work so there are no cons at all to mention here.
inadiuate tasks, no advice, late responce
irritating sometimes and less hourly rates for overtime work but friendly and supportive enviorment always being maintained throughout the training periods.
Reliance on brand strenghts to solve many challenges
As the company got bigger and bigger, it became harder to do things of sufficient size - it takes so much effort and coordination to do anything. Despite being a very non- bureaucratic company, Google's overhead and complexity grew to a point that it feels very corporate.
working at google can expose yourself in great danger
Lack of work-life balance in new business for Ads. Aggressive numbers-oriented sales environment. EMEA New business for ads is churn and burn environment. Sales policies that stop you from selling. Saturated market.
- Increasing pressure on a daily basis - Too many Old useless employees just sitting and doing nothing - Highest level of internal Office politics
Very hard workload, you don't really have an impact on the company or even a service with your contribution unless you're a VP, middle management is politically talented, a few of my colleagues think they are the cream of the crop since they work at Google
Moving internally is near impossible unless you specifically fit the bill. Travel is very tightly managed. Pay is no longer competitive with other companies in the industry. Work life balance near non-existent. Politics run high.
promotions take too long to happen
Huge competition Almost everyone is overqualified for ther work Google is far from a StartUp, everything is political, not the best people get promoted but the best in politics Living costs in Dublin are extremly high compared, the salary is low especially after the taxes Work/Life Balance is a myth  In the end you are a small part in a huge machinery where no noe really cares. At the beginning you think it is great, but in the end, you are way better of at other companies
There is nothings bad in this awesome company
i whing there is no any cons.
Tired after long hours
No growth in the company
- Fewer opportunities internally now that the company has matured
No cons at present :P
Heirarchy, infrastructure, working in niche markets the professionals get invisible. Employees need to go the extra mile to connect and network.
Opportunities limited in India offices
no cons. reallyno cons. reallyno cons. reallyno cons. reallyno cons. reallyno cons. reallyno cons. reallyno cons. reallyno cons. reallyno cons. reallyno cons. reallyno cons. really
The company can do a better job at disclosing all the great things they do
Corporate baggage (review processes, layers of management, etc.)
No cons as such, in love with this place.No intention to leave it.
Slow progression Limited transitions into other departments Hard to move vertically or horizontally Managers are poorly trained Limited exit options
Large organization now making it harder to maintain culture. The impact of organizational politics is also growing.
Can be a highly political environment.
Becoming bureaucracy when team is growing
Too big to feel you have an impact sometimes
The golden days are over - the company has grown too much and has become way too political. It is a huge ad selling machine though employees are constantly brainwashed about it being the saver of the world. Google is more a sect than a grown up company and expect to be always online and connected mentally to work as this is what all the "perks" are really about even though your manager might sell you a different story. There is this continuous chase for excelling at everything and coming up with new projects and initiatives all the time so that your manager gets promoted quickly as new projects are sexiest. So be ready to work your bums if 12+ hrs a day if you're hired into L5+.
Not much cons here at Google
- gTech has small travel budget (e.g. I've never travelled to Mountain View in over 2 years to meet my teammates in person) - Your job performance is measured with hard 'call-center-like' KPIs (# Customer Contacts, Time for resolution, etc.) - Big Org where everybody wants to get promoted ASAP to move to other teams, thus very difficult to get promoted within 2 years. - Decision making process is very slow (expect to take months and months to get approvals for the simplest projects) - Project time has to be done in addition to your core work & metrics - They hire people who are too smart & talented for their role. E.g. you are a full-stack Engineer, but do technical support. - Mid-Management and VPs in gTech do not show leadership and do not follow through on their words (e.g. preach 'take ownership' but force everybody to follow processes and meet certain support metrics) - The core compensation (Base + Bonus) is relative low, but Google's high stock price is balancing the total comp.
The company is getting very big and becoming heretical so good for people who like structure and layers.
Difficult to move up in the company as there are so many talented individuals who work alongside you. Many talented people at one level and senior people brought in externally to do less senior roles.
Sometimes tricky to find a great role in a particular country. Mountain View is a dump.
Politics (as to be expected), unorganised at times, culture of complacency
None found during my tenure
None that i have seen so far
Since the last years more policy and red tapping is happening as it became harder for the company to retain its open and free culture.
Frequent org changes, projects close often
Cant think of anything
Mountain View is really dull. There are few social interactions outside of work as everything is so far away
Nothing that i can think of
It's getting too big - scope of work is getting too processy and minute. You're a small cog in a massive machine. Tough to get promoted.
increase the leave for employeers
The office is sometimes noisy
Everything is managed by process, which makes the movements fair, but processes are more valued than people.
In the last year Google has lost a lot in its culture and priorities. Nowadays Google depends a lot on wall-street. It keeps on cutting projects, costs, benefits. It's hard to dream big and to risk, difficult to innovate when you have no budget. The salaries have never been big in Google, people were choosing it for benefits and a special culture. And the last two are demolishing on our eyes.
Too comfortable sometimes. Probably not challenging enough to keep you active all the time.
In Google Cloud, many times enterprise requirements did not get high priority compared with free consumer user requirements.
Limited projects for intern in the office
Often stressful at some times.
Too free, sometime you may lost yourself Colleagues are too smart, may feel pressure implicitly.
No cons as it is a good place to work.
You will not be the smartest person there. Imposter syndrome is hard to overcome.
Difficult to enhance your skills if you are not into Software Engg.
- With a lot of type A high achievers it gets very competitive as everyone wants to climb up. - Many functions work globally which means meetings at all hours of the day.
You to be in the right team to move up.
Big corporation, slow to change or create new stuff, general sense of disillusionment
A couple of things but not that many
Coding and the time because there is so much stuff to play with you just can't let them go. Time with family may be less so yeah.
Overworked, occasionally feel very underappreciated
Given the scale of the company it's harder to make an impact as it would be in smaller companies.
cost cutting is going on. Not much benefits provided for employers. Salary hikes and rating vary according to bonding with manager.
- After a certain level it is difficult to get promoted - Aggressive sales quotas (but doable)
Good. I suggest to everyone who wants to develop a career
Occasionally frustrating getting consensus from so many stakeholders
google is a good for technology learner not for money earner
Too much work, it's very competitive and unfair how they give promotions. They say they really care about employees but i had a manager who harrassed people, had awful management skills and wasn't even good at her job. She's based in Mexico in the marketing team. Even though she has several cases opened against he in Human Resources Google didn't do a thing to move her. She was openly discriminatory towards women, people who where not Mexican . The company is very cool but management is awful. She is just one of many really bad managers
I didn't find any cons as such.
TIme of work Coding Pantry
Lots of pressure to hit targets
strict rules about advertising,and chaging all the time
Sometimes work life balance is a struggle, since it feels like you are expected to spend a lot of your day at the office
Work-life balance can be a bit challenging. The company is also moving very fast, which means re-organizations impacting divers teams are kind of constantly expected.
The job becomes monotonous. Especially if you are in a small market you will find yourself never to be a 'priority'
-A LOT of politics going on between vendor contracters who do the same job for less salary compared to full time googlers. They treat the contractors like a ugly duckling. -low salary for contractors. - contractors become googles experimental rabbits. They hire great people to do great job and when they see that the project is going well they fire all of the contractors. They then advertise that google is looking for new staff. Instead of hire the hard working contractors to full time who already knows the products well they look for brand new people with no experience. -Lies to teams about re org saying that everyone will have a job when truly the whole team gets fired. - The google bubble of their own little world can be blinding
I have not experienced anything bad. All works very well. If something goes bad, there is always a way to make such things better in a short time.
Nothing is bad i think in this jobs.
Not always the most organized / efficient, thought that also adds to the creative/startup culture.
- Call centre was run down and neglected - Shifts were unstable and constantly changing - Underpaid for the sector / company - Large number of senior staff had no technological background - 0 company benefits. Literally nothing - Almost 0 chance of progression.
Bad on employees mobility​, less innovative culture. Outside MTV lack of growth oppertuinties. Sallery is not high very much the same as in other companies.
It's an entry level job. Look to learn as much as you can and then move to a better role, but no cons as such
None to list actually here
No quality of food Finding Place is difficult
Depends on your priorities really
Little opportunity for career growth, experience is definitely dependent on team, manager and org. Growth is king, if you're not in a growth org it's hard to stay motivated.
Long hours, size, teams, large, diverse
As a Temp, you have limitation, even to do your own job (silly sometimes)
Politics and upper level should know at ground level employee.
Management is not valuing the contribution from single sales representative if he/she 1st is not "loud" enough, 2nd had luck to get one of the customers with the highest visibility. In case of gender equality now it's a clear disadvantage if you are a male when it comes to performance ratings and promotions
Becoming a big company, even culture wise
Long working hours sometimes, otherwise its perfect.
getting more political, seems like you need to be a certain type of person to progress your career
Becoming a corporate company Greater leeway for promotion
no cons i can mention of. overall a really good company to work for. just need to write some words here to complete the minimum word limit.
Your Google experience depends completely on your Manager(atleast for Non-Eng roles)
work life balance, career opportunities, company centric, competition doesn't exist (?)
the salary is quite limiting and if you want higher salaries it takes a long time. You are always over qualified for the post you currently hold.
not specific workload, sometimes hard to get through to head office because so many people working there.
the work is of insignificant impact to the company
There are no such cons. Its the best company to work with
company is large, so sometimes difficult to navigate
Working in smaller google offices and on projects that are not tied to the core of google's product portfolio can come with a lot of uncertainty because of the possibility that projects can be shut downor absorbed into other companies. Nonetheless the huge appeal of those projects is the ability to work on transformative and emerging products and technologies
Teams often form a clique
no CONS as such. everything about google is awesome
No cons No cons No cons
Hours expected far too long No allowance for settling in time What they sell externally is not what happens internally Popularity Contest in some of the roles not based on your experience Unprofessional approach to internal correspondence
The salary is a little. But I guess that's okay. It is what it is. This is what Dalinar would say wouldn't he? I suppose he would.
There are no cons while working with Google. Especially for anyone open to change.
Getting bigger in terms of company size which lose start-up atmosphere
for senior managers, hard to progress, work in silot non efficient for creativity
no cons no cons no cons no cons no cons
Too busy at times and lack of clear leadership from above.
Not really much to say.
Google is now a big company. Even though they try to remain a start up, the spirit can't be the same after so many years and hires. There are some long processes to get access to data or tools, and what you work on may not have a very big impact. Being surrounded by smart people every where makes it not that easy to highlight your skills.
- At senior levels, number of opportunities for progression can be limited in regional offices. - Culture of a startup is a challenge to maintain as the company grows and matures.
terrible salaries, much less than a market average
The company is too big.
not much of impact making role, so you wonder Google is great, we all know that. But what am I contributing to its greatness
nothing to share any words to down side
No cons as of now
Difficult to move cross division / internally
The work life balance is not to great, expect to do a lot of over time which can be the major pitfall
Cant think of any. There isn't anything wrong with google other than the fact they need to consider people from other backgrounds
Free lunch and snack and other benefits
The glass ceiling hit after 9 years, 2 promotions and 1 international transfer. As an entry level female it was very easy to progress up to a certain point. Then as you enter middle management there is major politics at play. I refused to believe the sort of behaviour existed in Google until it happened to me.
Very large and us centric
All is fine...nothing is wrong
Language barrier and culture shock
- Few junior opportunities in Marketing department
Cog in a large machine feeling
There is no cons in google
too many organisation and go to market strategy changes short vs long term cloud strategy high pressure on sales teams
Needs more structure and competitive pay
Pursues efficeincy and effectiveness always. Can be choking to some people.
Timing too long little work pressure limited training
Is difficult to be hired
Some projects are terminated too soon, since the company changes its focus a lot. Most of the times, it is interesting to move away from money sinks, but sometimes it is frustrating to see projects that seemed to have great potential be terminated.
The reality is Google is an ultra-political place where everyone is overqualified so they try to tear others down as their are limited places for advancement. The other problem is you eat breathe and die Google 24/7 and lose touch with reality. Those in leadership positions exploit middle management and force others to slave away while they do little Bosses in Asia get by by outright bullying and favouritism, Plus everything that could be done is already done so the work is far from creative and inspiring Contractors are officially second class citizens and have less privilege and respect
None..long hours and thought I lived there
it's a big company requires process- and people-oriented skills, more than just results-oriented enthusiasm to succeed. As an SRE, you use mostly home grown tools and technologies: it's easy to loose touch with the rest of the world. Working at Google is a tradeoff between tactical skills and strategic experience.
none - everything was good to be honest
Can get a little stale or boring after 2 years, however you can of course change within the company. The company is very middle management heavy, and in Dublin managers key role is people managing and driving processes. they lose touch with the outside world and the products.
The management can be vague at times regarding their requirements. It is not clear what is asked for, especially from project managers. There could be more collaborative efforts early on before evaluations.
Really good opinion in employees
no cons. best company ever
There are no cons here.
The hours can stretch if you don't watch out.
Highly stressful environment which always brings undefined situations.
you can only go down after this
workforce can be very young and entrepreneurial, which sometimes makes things feel like they are not structured and there is no clear leadership. this can be experienced as a good thing as well
ASP.net, mvc, jquery, Javascript, Ajax, Entity frame work, MVC 5,HTML 5,sql, c#
The projects for intern are not challenging as expected.
none really good place to work
Some of the downsides are that it can just because really boring
Overwhelming environment, hard to keep up at times, you can't stop learning and studying and suggest you to not. Not easy to advance
no cons here come and stay
Managers can make or break ones career at Google. You can't get ahead without senior sponsorship and if your manager is terrible, there is really not much you can do. It's also a very biased place and a place where one can experience discrimination (perhaps very specific to the office and team I was in). Finally, although you would think the opposite, job security is low as they are big fans of reorgs which can often leave you without a position for a while or in need of finding a new one internally. There is very limited HR support in these instances. I returned from maternity leave and with my new manager who had severe issues with women and maternity I suffered badly and decided to leave.
Disorganized transitions and re-orgs, tough targets, since it gets bigger, becomes more burocratic. Meeting expectations is not enough to get promotions or a salary increase.
Some smart people might disagree with you. Some might take things aways from you. Sometimes huge projects could fail.
Too much pressure, especially if you work in a remote office.
Not anything that comes to my mind.
No work searching for job
- Becoming too big - Life in a bubble mentality - Mid management needs more experience
Some managers lack people skills.
- Hard to switch companies - Relative US-centric (Mountain View, California) company - Not a very fast company, people tend to slow down - More and more structure and process focused (Big Corporate)
Becoming corporate, and process driven in parts of the company
Salary, some managers lack of managerial skills.
As the company grows it becomes hard to maintain the start-up culture and mentality in some parts of the business
Google has become a huge company and it is becoming harder to maintain the Googley spirit. But it still there and the company is still the best I have worked at. I don't want to be anywhere else.
Nothing no comments to make
Quite tedious work, I would say even pretty boring, Although its Google, its still similiat to customer service job
Nothing I can think so. Just a little improvement to have open areas in officers like they have in USA
Not many growth opportunities if not in HQ (Dublin or California)
Warsaw had pretty bad salary, but that's because the cost of living is
i was just been fired
alot of people doing who knows what
nothing really. Maybe just being a remote office has its own issues.
Becoming too big, some degree of politics emerging at middle management level and hierarchical structure
Very few - but if you like a small scrappy start up vibe, you might struggle with driving large change at scale at the pace you are used to.
Just another number amongst hundreads. Long hours required
Google is getting too big
Promotions hard to get and few, over qualified people sometimes hired at junior levels (lower pay), so negotiate well when joining!
nothing really. It would be hard to move to other company because its too great!
- really competitive and extremely political - the best people don't necessarily get ahead and some people get ahead doing things outside of their jobs, without doing their actual jobs - work life balance is hard
There were no cons for me
Nothing much everything good
Fast paced company that requires complex set of skills. Not suit for everybody
being a small actor of a very big system can make a person feel unimportant.
Will never forget about that experience
Pay may use some adjusting :)
- Easy to work long hours. Everyone likes to achieve, which is good and bad - As company gets bigger, can definitely feel more bureaucracy, loss of "Googleyness"
Very flat structure to the minimum
Sort of an identity crisis due to size and success - what to do now? Lots of people there who have never worked anywhere else, a bit insular at times.
as the size increases so does complexities.typical issues of a big oranisation
* It is a corporation, so while it’s better than many, don’t expect rainbows without some rain. * If you don’t watch out, you can get sucked in and sacrifice work/life balance. You typically won’t be asked to do that though.
Sometimes it feels like it is a bit too transparent. But one has to learn and unlearn a lot from their previous companies.
Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing
Way too much focus on checking boxes that will make management happy even if it is not providing your clients with any additional value. If you're an Account Manager you'll quickly learn that you need to certain not so valuable things just go keep your manager happy, and then once that's done you can do the things that actually matters for your clients.
Very political. No 360 feedback for managers.
-Working in a high performing and fast paced environment is not everyone's cup of tea -It can be stressful at times
Despite its image as a company of innovation, the size and establishment of Google means that employees have a hard time innovating. As such, any entrepreneurial thoughts are squashed.
In the sales team the company culture is always suffering because of the quota. Every time our Director is behind quota we "lose" a lit bit of Google's way of doing things.
Constant shifting priorities, projects, organization structure -- but this is also an opportunity and the company isn't afraid to kill good ideas that have gone badly.
Reorganizations happen very often, and are disruptive for career management.
Too hard to influence decision making, endless meetings culture, unclear career opportunities (especially for Russia as a quickly developing market)
Lots of work tension,few people(higher authorities) are generally envious of your achievements and success of your career. That doesnt matter as long as your are consolidated..
Didn't feel anything bad until now
It is difficult to find your way up like any other huge corporation
Decision making too centralized in the US and limited autonomy in EMEA for certain functions
You feel like a tiny cog.
not the best salary, management
I am not sure whether this is the best place for professional development and learning new things. Many of the technologies used are inside-only and will not help you outside.
Google ends up hiring highly motivated candidates and doesn't give them as much responsibility as they can handle. Because of this, the role becomes unchallenging and boring
Google has customized all the infra which means less open source code is used. If you move out you will have to relearn the syntax though concepts will be same. Work life balance Difficult promotions
- Promotions solely based on something they like to call VISIBILITY. Useless projects get started all the time just to be cc'd on emails to Director-level and above. Those projects in most cases lead to nothing and don't produce ANY results at all, it is solely done for the purpose of being able to mention one's "great" initiative in the next performance review cycle. Another factor they promote on are several "soft attributes" which is a way for management to promote on subjectivity. - You are always told the company is a meritocracy eventho it is clearly not. This incongruent messaging compared to reality is extremely frustrating. It does not matter at all if you reach 100% of your target or 200%, what matters in the end is the above mentioned visibility. Another proof is that I heard managers say "Oh, he has been here already for 2.5 years, we have to promote him now" which is a joke and demotivating for high performing folks. - The metrics you are measured on in an Account Management role are only indirectly linked to revenue and are manipulated by the vast majority of reps once they have been on the job for a quarter and know the drill. Management knows this but does not care since they look good in front of their own bosses if the numbers look good. The best of the manipulators do not have to work at all to reach their targets. - Many of the middle managers are incompetent and have been stuck in their role for sometimes nearly a decade. There is no real willingness to achieve something great and make progress, but those people are just happy where they are in their career and spend their whole day wasting everyone's time in meetings or sending out useless emails. Very limited learning opportunity if you have a manager like this and very demotivating because no one wants to end up like them. However, there is the rare exception of a great manager. - Leadership cult, people of levels of director and above are worshipped through the entire organization and are treated like god's gift to everything. Some of them are admittedly great, some of them aren't. - Learning curve will be non-existent at the latest after 6 months and you will be doing the same day in day out. You can learn by yourself some new stuff with the great online training database, but the main thing you are doing gets old quite soon. - A lot of people drink the kool aid. There are quite a few critical people like myself in the organization, but a majority of people think they are on top of the world because they work in one of the least respected role of a prestigious company. People are not "super smart" everywhere, they hire basically everyone and it is just luck getting through the interview process. 90%+ of hires come from personal referrals since their CVs wouldn't go through the official channel. Level of entitled and incompetent people can be extremely high in certain teams.
a lot of work, very structured,
Limited career growth at remote site
It can be like a bubble
hard to get promoted because of the hierarchies that are emerging in the past years pay is only ok, but great benefits people spend a lot of time with each other outside of work, can get exhausting
very large corporation, tedious processes
Competitive environment with many hard working (friendly) colleagues
Google shouldn't be your first job as the benefits can be taken for granted. The longer you work, the more difficult to leave the comfort zone. Long term growth opportunities are limited but the overall benefits keep you attached.
Could've been better in terms of Salary wise
The Tel Aviv office is still quite small so there are not a lot of options. Managers are engineers that were tested for their engineering abilities, not pepole management, sometimes they are laking management skills.
Most people put on weight over there, this is the only down side I can think of.
It can be overwhelming for some. You are often thrown directly in the water and need to figure out how to swim.
the expect the highest result from you
Lots of politics. Overhires and underchallenges people.
No cons, its Google the best in the universe
Step up in career progression may take a while and everybody is very ambitious so can be frustrating sometimes
- Pay versus responsability, expected to perform at a higher level as a norm - Work / life balance
There are no cons in working at google
Google shouldn't be your first job as the benefits can be taken for granted.
It is very difficult to find work as an intern in google because the selection and interviews are really complex
- risk of earthquakes & volcano eruptions
One drawback is there are no inventory level guarantees. This is true of any network, but with Google it can get even more difficult as you can’t reserve inventory (expensive home page buyouts aside).Another drawback is your campaigns can’t run creative off your banner servers, so you must run multiple tracking platforms or use click tracking with your preinstalled banner-serving platform, then manually bring the reports together.
- current management isn't great and they're very ops focused though you're supposed to be sales focused - Work life balance isn't great as you have to take late night calls weekly - hiring from the top b-schools for a role that any undergraduate with basic common sense can figure out with the training imparted
Long Hours, Changeable Strategy, Competitive to get promoted
No investment in contracted staff Long Hours Poor Pay No real Structure Poor Management
Might be tooo fast paced for some
Google is a really big company with lots of employees, which makes it more difficult to feel like you are making an impact.
stress,´technical. a lot of new information
Not sure I have any at this point...
Difficulies in the financial side
Not too many cons. Some of the free cafeteria food they give out is not the best. They should improve the quality of the food they serve
Some of my subordinates felt I was trying to one - up them when I was in fact sending in my reports 2 days late (?!) . However, the antidote to this was my awesome manager!  The basketball/ football tournaments are taken far too seriously by some!  The HR was just not ready to take my exit interview as I had some clear words to say about my team! He ended up just rejecting my calls while I was waiting for him for hours together on my last day!
The competities are really intensive and everybody are hardworking and don't have too much time to relax.
Couldn't come with fair cons, don't want make up them to fill this field.
Politics overshadow work and managers and co-workers are empowered to cut each other down to compete for projects and promotions. There is an unfair treatment of technical women with families, where co-workers and managers are empowered to question your abilities based on family obligations even though it's unrelated to work. You will be expected to walk in the door a technical expert and you won't be given adequate time to complete work. You will spend the majority of your time playing politics to management on down to entry level staff. Senior managers and human resources don't have any empathy for building teams, rather their focus is on maintaining a facade of efficiencies.
- Super competitive environment, meritocracy - Can be hard to have a good work life balance, not speaking in terms of hours but your brains never really disconnects
I dont find any cons Every thing is good
i think it has not any problem
takes time to make products, since everything needs to be perfectly synchronized
Google is already a large company: more processes, more hierarchy. Which isn't bad but you need to acknowledge it.
I don't think there are any cons. Google is a great place to work and grow and the team's I have came across have a great sentiment of taking care of each other and their clients.
None than I can think of.
Becoming really big and hence unavoidable bureaucracy, limited career growth opportunity (hard and slow to get promoted), jobs are mostly mundane grinding work.
No cons to say about the management
On vendor management, payscale is less and growth options are less
nothing to say about cons
too much salary is given no time to spend this much money
I would be have some challenges at work, like growth job part which i work in, and make friendly groups between employers
Don't really have a lot of cons to add here. Company vision of "making the world a better place" can be a bit corny at times but perhaps that is because I watch too much Silicon Valley :)
Work-life balance is bad, mediocre management
It is difficult to see cons in this company, only maybe that if you are not careful enough your work/life balance can quickly became off balance.
Its a routine job, you basically have to do the same tasks every single day which is kinda boring and not challenging enough
I didn't like the fact that Google didn't help me at all in finding an accommodation as I went to work for BigG from abroad
The only downside about the culture is that most people at Google are "type A" personalities which makes internal competition extremely high.
Career development is virtually impossible if you come into the company at senior level. Far too Mountain View centric in recent years - need a more global perspective. Difficult to grow careers after middle management unless you are prepared to move to HQ in the US
Hard to convert to full time status
Very expensive housing in the mountain view area
-It's too easy to be online 24.7 - they don't do enough to help people detach from work in evenings. -There are small pockets of "bad" people in the company who don't seem to fit the company values. -Hard to get promoted with many people becoming "stuck" in current roles.
work / life balance difficult to manage
There's no time for your personal life, have to adjust your work schedule based on manager.
A lot of work projects no time no chill outs every time studying what not full boring
Very busy schedule. lot's of work to do.
Large company. Some politics and middle management problems.
Management behavior is not well.
- Work-life balance is not good
Work life balance hard to achieve
Limited challenging problems to tackle.
Most of the technologies are built on top of Google's own infrastructure, so the learning curve is steep for a new joiner.
* It *is* becoming larger, and with it comes growing pains: bureaucracy, slow to respond to market threats, bloated teams, cross-divisional tension (though nothing remotely approaching that of Microsoft's internal tension).
the work there may stressful for some people as there is much work
Good environment to work and learn a lot of things.
I don't have a negative comment
The office is always low on coffee (makes sense). Communication between management outside of the office is rarely a challenge.* More lunch on Friday's.
no cons in general just the communication between mentor and student is less.
Some extra thing such as "foreigner teacher's language class" is not available to Intern, but it is totally reasonably.
Too much inhouse facilities and food that keep employees in the office. Can be stressful if you are unwilling to work hard because colleagues are bright and highly engaged.
No cons but to get a job here is too hard.
Nothing. Just awesome it is
The offices are really spread out over London Compensation not as great in UK compared to other locations
Poor work life balance. Late meetings with US. Unclear promotion process
None that I can see
huge organisation may feel part of a too big
It's Google:   - The company is big, so there is bureaucracy   - Things may move slowly   - May be difficult to find an interesting project to work on after a while especially in satellite offices
salary compensation is not upto the mark
Career path relatively slow. Min 2 years before any promotion. Management is inexperienced and interview process very tiring and mainly handled by inexperienced non management employees.
- Hire always the same profile on the sell side (Consulting firms) - No possible evolution. If you don't start as a manager, you have 95% chance of not being one at Google in the futures - Company got too big. We do not understand anymore the aded value of our job . - Process and reorgs kills the spirit and the atmosphere of Google - Internal moves are getting really difficult to obtain
Not major cons for working at Google
no freedom, hard to be promoted
The big corporate environment might create some pressure
cannot improve personal skills fast.
The expectation is to high. They hire over-qualified people for the roles.
Too large and lots of big company problems
For me, there aren't any cons. I guess if my waistline was writing this review it would have to say the snack drawers are an evil temptation with the winter months just around the corner!
None, base pay that you take home is not that great.
Career progression is difficult and slow More and more politics and bureaucracy Limited space for innovation Difficult to move from sales to engineer Technical skills in sales won't get you far Make sure you are in a role that is critical for the organisation you work for
difficult work,lot of creativity required and hardwork. no promotions and no fun.
Lots of over time work. Expected to delivery projects on short time lines. Lots of ideas going on at one time. Management focused on results at times vs. Process or accuracy.
- not many opportunities for development
Not really sure. I guess it's a fairly small building compared to other google facilities.
nothing much to say except.the transport
-Office politics (internal mail threads longer than the orient express) -Promotions often based on ''visibility'' projects (with no real outcomes) -Many outside managers coming in, hard to progress to team lead positions
Lot of work to do.
Hiring managers can't hire who they want or need, but have to rely on a quality focussed, but somewhat removed process.
The project is really boring and non-impressive.
Sometimes people might get too relaxed there.
A little over pressuring
None that I have encountered.
Products are saturated. Difficult to bring around change in processes. Re-orgs are the worst. Frequent change of leadership. Training/On-boarding programs not very structured.
bored of work  as of nothing else
Slow development cycle might affect your internship project's pace.
Long commute for those who live in the GTA and cannot/will not relocate to KW area.
While the office is definitely nice, the environment is definitely Jessa l less interesting and work less diverse than in the big centers in mountain view or even Zurich
Salary is way less than what we work and have no transparency
The company culture is different from that of other countries. They are less relaxed and less centralized and some teams are very toxic.
Work pressure is a bit high ...
Tough to get in,become a bit linient
Try to gain some challenge's. But trust me I don't have faced any challenges yet. Just moving on to go forward to get some challenge's.
Should concentrate more on employees for their benefits
none,great place to work at
Nothing everything is so good there
Nothing to mention. No cons to think of
too much work pressure. deadlines are hard. not as good as they portray on media
lack of process due to rapid growth
Sometimes the hiring process is too long
bad payment,bad management, to much of stress, fully one man management
We're now a big organization - not the nimble cute start up that people often think we are. Expect a level of politics and chaos that comes with being big.
Perks are always way higher than Pay. Hiring process can be extra complicated! Growth is completely dependent on merit.
It's a very large company - in most cases your impact will be invisible. Working in any other location than Mountain View means you're likely not going to be involved in any exciting/high-impact projects (despite the hype).
Practically nothing worth to mention.
Work Life Balance, US Centralized
Google is a large company and occasionally the bureaucracy that comes with this seeps through to my work.
" Thought is energy that is organized into a specific frequency. That frequency is then organized by the brain into chemicals and signals which tell the body how to interact with the rest of the physical world. The brain is organizing the thought into physical "perception". It is a translator rather than the originator of thoughts. Thought does not originate. Let's pretend it is like clay with no beginning. The clay is not created by the sculptor, but the sculptor organizes the clay into meaning. The thought is thinking. Thought and thinker are one in the same. I agree with I think therefore I am. Because the only point at which one knows that one "is", is the point at which they think that they are.... and so , they are! PS - Thought is non matter and also matter. Physical matter is a thought that has been thought enough that it begins to take on "static properties". "
pay is not as good
I never heard downstairs of the company
work hard, long hour, intense, too much colaboration
Large company, on occasion it can be hard to navigate / find your way to getting things done: takes time to learn the processes / teams / stakeholders.
I have no any cons about companny
I could not find any cons as yet
There is no Cons in Google
You're part of something way bigger than yourself. Don't really feel like you're making a huge change.
- Slowly getting a bit bureaucratic - Politics
Decisions are made very quickly sometimes
- Can be more work-life balance
I can only speak for the team I'm with though (Customer Experience): the biggest cons is probably that they over hire while tasking people with very specific job so that at the end of day, you are not learning anything, and yet because of the great perks and depreciation of your skills (since you're not learning much compared to the similar young guys/gals at more nimble firms), you are reluctant to or cannot move anywhere. Think of the frog in the boiling pot tale.  Politics is big big as well (more than the company wiling to acknowledge)
Politics! Politic! politics! and er Smart people. Free food. Lots of interesting work.
structure, size, repetitive work, information, rigidity
TVC's don't have as many privileges as Googlers do.
Depending on your role, you might (frequently) miss out on all the various perks. Depending on your team's size you might be limited in your professional development, ie. not getting the chance to actually sign up for/attend technical/soft skill trainings when the team is small or missing out on career development feedback when the team is too large.
You're expected to work hard and much. The "20% time for your own projects" is a myth, more like 120% time. If you're outside the US, count on there being late night and early morning Hangout meetings with US/India several times during the weekdays.  If you're working in engineering but not as a software engineer, you will have a hard time getting good performance reviews, as all teams will value their own higher than outsiders.  Compared to other companies in more forward-thinking countries, Google is about par for the course compared to individual freedom, but you still have have the US-styled meddling micro-managing bosses.  There is great inertia in making things happen at foreign offices, things that were implemented in the US took 1-3 years to happen in Europe. If there was a tax deductable benefit that was available in your country but not in the US, it could take even longer to get it set up. The really good benefits never make it outside Mountain View.  The workplace in most offices is really crappy, the norm is small desks (hope you're not sitting opposite someone with long legs), crappy chairs, people bunched up together.  Unless you work in ads, you should be expecting your project could be shut down at any minute. If you work in ads, you'll be under pressure to make more money to the company. Even if you implement a change that increases company revenue by millions of dollars, don't expect that it will affect your bonus or salary more than an extra $10k or so - you've proven your worth, but if they pay you too much, you might leave to pursue other interests.
There is no marketing there, they have people looking for opportunities of companies to sell advertising to, and they arrange meetings to tell people what Google do, but that's it, at least in South America there is no marketing and that is what I like and I'm good at.
nothing to specify about cons..
- Politics - Some projects are done just for visibility - Micromanagement - Lots of metrics - Big company approach - what is working on big market should also work on small
huge discrepancy in how different departments are treated. work life balance is poor to medium (depending on department). there's no such thing as a free lunch.
Can be very high targets!
Repetitive work delivering water, trash bags
tough to make your way up
Very little Guidance, Impression to work for the positioning of the Director instead of the benefits of Google
Service Delivery Senior Management are an absolute joke, bullying, nepotism, lying & chaos. The most un Googley department in the whole company.
hierarchy too much autonomy really
getting used to such great experiences that working in any other company (unless of course it's a startup) will feel like a downgrade. Most opportunities are in the larger countries like UK, FR, DE or EMEA HQ in Dublin or USA. Other than that, in smaller markets there aren't many career opportunities as the offices are small
nothing everything is amazing at google even its name.
The biggest battle for Google is to remain Google and continue growing. Finding self motivation and top level mandate for middle managers to go beyond the incremental, to break new grounds in a company as large and successful as Google.
NO growth. same money no increment
- work can feel too monotonous after some time
The position does not match my education background.
There are hardly any cons. The company is amazing and it is well known to everyone.
no cons with them
As a giant, Google is growing rapidly. However, currently most of Google's revenues are coming from Ads. There are many small projects which makes no money and is actually a little boring. So you may have to consider the team carefully.
A bit boring after a while Too promotion focused
I didn't found any of con's.. Coz there is no such con's for Google. Its just that the increments are not easy.
Pace of execution is slow
Management was more concerned about their next move up the ladder, than taking care of their team and provide good results.
Work might seem not so challenging. Many roles have glorified names with not so great work Be sure about what you are signing up for
If you are not used to being pushed to the brink of hard work then this is not the role for you, google is looking for the best and that is going to require you to work the hardest.
Low workload. People didn't move fast.
Same tasks over and over, high expectations
Everything is ok but some time managments are very strict
Google is the place where we can have food for free and we can eat anything that we want
People are over qualified for their positions
nothing all i sawsome, noo need to worry
- Promotions not very fair, specially in BR
Unsocial environment where it is difficult to get promoted due to company politics
Big company structure. Lots of documentation required for everything
Mediocre middle level managers, with no experience. Impossible to move files internally as the majority of roles are already taken before they are even advertised.
They only hire the best but the job itself is just like a job in any other company so sometimes you feel like your smarts / skillset are being wasted.
No employee growth for contract employees
Not connected to City Salary hike is below average Not enough onsite oppportunities
* Overly focused on internal structures and not with scalable solutions that will lead to processes or product improvements * Performance evaluation structure is very dependent on direct manager and how they can perform on calibration sessions * Over time compensation stops becoming attractive with equity grants no longer having a dramatic impact in total compensation
there is really nothing to complain about. Good company. If you put in extra work you get promoted faster and get bonuses.
At times the company felt slow moving and very corporate with lots of top-down decision making that feels detached from the engineers on the group.  You never feel like you are working on the coolest Google product, there are so many.  Although culture is friendly it doesn't feel like a family.
Don't expect you will climb up the ladder! No evolution (besides money obviously, which is the only way they will try to keep you and make you happy). Before starting working there you should set your own personal objectives in terms of what you want to achieve, learn, experience etc. The sky is the limit! But don't expect you will become a VP. Also highly political and the only way to climb the ladder is to play well. Careful: money can be dangerous and you can end up feeling like in a golden jail. It's hard to quit Google and recruiters will laugh at your face when they will hear your salary expectations once you have Google on your resume.
Grungy work. No work at times. Too much legacy code. Review cycles take too long. Code check in happens seldom.
Sometimes it feels like it can be a competition to be the best, since there's a lot of clever people. Also sometimes it feels like you're under-utilized.
too busy a lot of work
Workload can be high so hours can extend on longer than intended. Not as bad as it seems because the work is enjoyable.
Too much politics especially in the Dublin office. The management is so bad that people leave out of desperation, frustration, and so so much disappointment. Stress and anxiety are very common among Googlers, where everyone wants to excel. It is you against them and you are pushed to work harder and harder and harder every day.  Google knew no competition till a few years ago, but things are changing and management need to understand that it is not through pushing their employees to the extreme that they are going to bring more revenue in, eventually people will leave and talents will go to the competition.. is it really worth it?
Nothing major that stands out
Despite their efforts, they run into the classical hierarchical challenge: keeping their talents when the "top" gets cramped. Also they began hiring x-mckinsey which means that business processes have been streamlined without taking cultural differences into account. This could damage the motivation that drives a-players.
Sales performance is tracked in the micro way by internal system. Take time to be accountable.
There is no getting around the fact that Google is a big company now.
Not well organized that we call 'ambiguity'. The local offices should follow the global strategy based on centralized decision structure.
A lot of internal infrastructure, Frustrating intern conversion process
I couldn't find any cons at google
Late night meetings with headquarters in California
I really didn't have much to complain about working at Google. If you want the best perks (food, gym, other goodies), you might want to join MTV headquarters.
As you grow inside the company, you get exposed to more and more politics. Also, you need to get lucky in terms of the team/project you end up on if you want to ve going anywhere.
Promotion is slow, and as a consequence, salary increase is slow. The org is too large and bureaucratic esp on business side
No work/life balance Less impact Pasta code
The atmosphere is soemtimes competitive, and you might feel intimidated by the talent that you are workign amongst
too much pressure and unfair bonus process
Politics - particularly between departments can be extremely high. And can negatively impact products and progress. Appears to be on the up too.
You need to brand yourself. Sometimes people will over brand themselves. Lots of fossils which may demotivate you. However, some experienced people are the smartest ones around.
balance between family and work, weekends work
you need to a person who can deal with change
Large company, becoming very hierarchical.
Boring work (>90% of the employees). Many people complain of bad/inexperienced direct managers.
Should send at least two t-shirts and more google goodies
It is very hard to make a difference. Also it is really hard to follow the pace at first.
Don't really have much to complain about here
Nothing. But writing five words.
There is nothing bad about google. Great company for starting career
Large company and things move quickly
Very little downside in joining Google!
No cons guys here, try it.
Company culture : a copy of Standford college culture, very open yet a few childish and selfish ppl still exist (not office politics, but just a few backstabbers whom like to point out your mistakes to your manager while acting nice in front of you).
The salary is not good enough
no roadmap for conversion. restriction to some systems. complex hierarchical navigation. the london office is not the most diverse office, comparing for instance with the dublin office. the environment is a bit more formal and dominated by locals than i would expect, making it harder to build relationships outside of work.
Not so nice to vendors. Very strict when it comes to vendors rules and privilege, looks like they don't want to take responsibility, nor want to admit vendors are one of them.
Might be a little hard for some people working with the computers and stuff like that but eventually with the great workers there you will get the hang of things.
Lack of mentors for someone who is experienced in the company.
Could get tired. Have to obey some rules set by the company.
Pay disparity, dependant on your team
All are good either management or onsite management
Working with the best of the best can make it difficult to advance quickly.
poor management workaholics no balance no bonuses or comission
Depending on your role it is hard to try o achieve other jobs positions.
Life/work balance is a challenge, bubble environment, long promotion cycles.
Promotion and internal mobility are extremely difficult. It's very restrictive system attempts to preserve the integrity of a honest performance reviews but ends up ranking employees in what sometimes could end up in an unfair evaluation. Think of it like a curved grading system in high school or college.
It's not fair to give any substantial criticism to an amazing company like Google.
Benefits of Contractor is not good. Not easy to convert to Full Time.
it's a huge company but well organised. the only cons i can speak of are that managing such company is hard and it could be felt
nothing as such.Everything is fine
Its Google so no cons
Nothing that come to my mind
Unfortunately, the management style has degraded over the last 2-4 years. New managers (mostly coming from consultancy companies) think too small and worry about short term achievements, failing and not interested in the mid-long term consequences of their decisions. Although they say and behave as they cared about employees, many of them are only looking after promoting themselves. Working long hours used to be an exception, but it is now the norm. There are massive disparities on how different teams treat their employees. Some areas are amazing, they help employees thrive and grow, while others just suck as much as they can until the employee is burned out and inevitably leaves the team or the company. Top-down management used to be reserved for big and very strategic decisions, lately is has become the norm for small changes.  It is really a pity to see what used to be such a great environment (5+ years ago), were people used to be motivated by values, become a mediocre company, were people are motivated by fear.
It's a big workplace. You'll meet many employees you won't like. It's a very safe job, which makes some employees get a bit too comfortable in my opinion.
- No balance with private life and working hours
Overqualified people, boring jobs, too big, easy to get stuck
Middle management can be mediocre. Immature competition - especially during promotion cycles. Core Revenue Stream is AdWords - Sales roles are mainly around AdWords.
Too many colleagues were there for the perks and so a lot of them became complacent at work, which did not make for a motivating work environment.
The brand lustre has faded a little. People now associate it as much with Tax issues as with solving the world's problems. Its getting really big, which inevitably makes getting things done fast a challenge.
Top down decision making driven in real situation than imagine from the out side of Google. Rapid growth require hard work but sometimes very autonomy.
Will update on this later.
It works as a media bureau - shallow analysis needed to get as many pitches out as possible. Work tends to get repetitive and boring.
I must enter six words for cons.
long hours and not very flexible
The company brings best minds together, challenging environment.
People aren't that motivated, lots of politics, too many internal tools and languages that are nothing like the real world ie your experience there isn't that useful outside.
There is so much possibilities that you just need to choose the right ones, other way, you'll burn out.
no cons as for now
- Not as innovative as it used to be - Bureaucratic
The managers micromanage more than they should and this causes the people to just keep their mouths shut, their head down and just work. Sometimes moral is low and the managers do not realize it
Hard to get to work on good projects.
You have to dedicate your life to the job. Work life balance totally unbalanced. You are expected to work about 10 hours per day. Some managers bully on employees.
political, too little coordination, location not your choice
Low salaries Middle Managers too young
Compared with start-ups, I think that the flexibility is not as good. For most of the time, you can only do a small piece of work for many time and sometimes it gets bored.
No cons as such Should provide more incentive
Way too much focus on building presence and personal brand management
Surrounded by people who are just leagues above you in terms of intelligence. This can be intimidating sometimes.
There are those, however, that believe Google Instant can waste much time as it saves.
Long Hours , Pay rate could be better
No negative comments to make
The workload was very intense
Your growth in the company directly depends on the efforts you put in and results you produce. So always need to be on your toes and continue to work towards challenging goals.
Feel huge delta between general recognition and personal
Company is already a corporate behemoth and management structures mean it's hard to get anything done.
Not everyone's cup of tea
Very easy to get too comfortable in any position with the company. Progression within the company can be an extremely long process and my discourage from attempting.
Lots of people in there stuck at L4 and below roles. Core work very boring, repetitive and unchallenging. Expected to create projects for no reason that are often ignored and not implemented unless you go through many internal stakeholders and they all like you! Lots of brown-nosing required to get promoted. Google forces a competitive environment in terms of its bell curve performance review practices which means even if you work extremely hard, if it's regarded as a smidgen less than a colleague you could end up at the bottom of the pile and on a written warning. Having a work laptop is a major con as its implicit you should almost always be working, thinking, breathing Google at all times. Since going to a smaller company I can see how demanding and stressful Google were for many years and how I should have left sooner.
Have to work very hard, otherwise you´re left unnoticed
Too many cooks, no clear decision structure, can be bureaucratic sometimes
it makes me write something so I'll say fast growth makes finding great people difficult
Can't think of any now
None. I really enjoy working there
- can be always on - reward the best people, can be exhausting to always over perform - out of reality job experience for people for whom it's their first job
really stressful work more time hours
- Looooooooooots of bureaucracy appeared as the company grew - Promotions are becoming extremely political and limited
Jobs can be done by every average high school graduate and do not require a Master's degree
Long hours, dont get to spend too much time enjoying the perks as working so hard, free snacks are diet only mainly
Not enough slides. Maybe the career opportunities....at a push
Some projects are really interesting, but others are pretty boring. Would try to lean towards android etc and stay away from ads.
good company it is better otherthan
Large Company, need to work hard to be seen
there were no cons, I just got bored easy
Working with words, type, illustrations and images.
No till now Some amount of pressure
Nothing big, really small things to do.
I would say the fast pace environment can be stressful sometimes.
Life is quite flat in a small town like Kitchener. Promotion is slower than in HQ.
no review there is no cons
Nobody takes responsibility for anything. Difficult to get things done. Quality of code differs strongly with teams. Doing the right thing is not easy when all your features get punted because nobody takes responsibility to get things done.
Google is not a start up anymore, you can experience huge process
only very talented people, strong competition, pressure, quantitative results
Workload/compensation, job progression, internal organization, politics
Yes Becouse Of now I am work in Plastic Industry & here's Working style is Diffrent Between Google But I am a Sales Officer after Few Days my Mind is set in there Working Style
Long hours, stressful at times.
Hard work should be a must
The rapid growth means that the company feels more and more like a corporation. The fact that there are plenty of young ambitious people means a lot of folks work crazy hours and it makes it hard for those who want a good work-life balance.
Some time work is with other offices which requires much more time
Not the place for entrepreneurs today Difficult to buy into fiscal policy of not paying taxes locally
It is easy to get too comfortable given the friendly culture and the many side projects (although these side projects can be a very good thing)
I was unfortunate in what Management changes were in progress and what the state of the team was when I joined. In the end it did not work out for me.
Enough time and lots of works
Work is very tedious as a graduate engineer as you are not giving a very taxing level of work to do.
Feels like a huge company, can see 150+ devs in my open plan area. Feels like if you keeled over at the keyboard another would take your place without blinking. Find the large open plan office inhibiting and less likely to spawn conversation than you're own office or group area.  Working hard without trying to appear to be doing so is the norm. Quite a few 20% projects conducted on personal time and only revealed if they have some promise. Internally people say 20% time is dead anyway.  No whiteboards in work area. What? After that whiteboard based interview?  Sit-stand desks held out during recruiting, but not actually available. External assessor report "you need one with that injury, but they've become too stingy about buying them". So now stuck on a list of 80+ others. All of whom lose their desk with every seating re-shuffle.  Your first year is supposed to be your best. Personally I work with a team in a different continent who are very tight and the interactions are pretty challenging. Have no professional connection beyond the two people next to me. Feels incredibly isolated.  You lose a lot of involvement coming to google, you won't interview in your first year or have build sheriff responsibilities.  You can change jobs in select windows and not without manager permission.
sometimes projects are done just to get visble in the company without concrete goal
The size of the office
Google has so many intelligent people, it's hard to prove your skills And so intelligent that not many people want to listen other opinion, except for those who are in higher position than them Google took us a lots of time
I haven't come across any major cons yet.
Not for long term career
It's huge, so on some projects you can be a small cog in a big machine. Nearly everyone is an over-achiever so there can be pressure to work long hours. The biggest office is in Mountain View, where you either have to spend a fortune on rent and/or commute for over an hour. Most of the high impact projects are centralized in Mountain View.
Does not offer free housing in Europe.
- People come late to the office in UK
Too much opportunities making hard to focus
You cannot survive elsewhere, so don't make that mistake.
Nothing in particular, sometimes not really strategical task are asked to be performed
Too many smart people in the team
You are not informed about changes in the product or tools. That could affect your productivity and your numbers.
Somewhat few responsibility because of the size of the company.
The food is too nice to help me gain weight
* It *is* becoming larger, and with it comes growing pains: bureaucracy, slow to respond to market threats, bloated teams, cross-divisional tension (though nothing remotely approaching that of Microsoft's internal tension).
Nothing the Cons in whole company all seniors are very intelligence and very helpful
None. None. None. None. None.
inflexible, at times limiting career development structrue
In the commercial teams you are a 'free' consultant, who's really standing at the side line with advertisers. In the end I missed the action advertiser side.
less life-work balance less health care
it can get a bit monotonous
Lack of new challenges in digital world like if you want to experience more about digital and social marketing, Google couldn't help you too much.
Its too hard to work here you should be very strong for working here
Slow decision making, too many policies and people trying to slow down work due to "guidelines" and "policies" - too Microsoft-like in that aspect
-none! ,) -none! ,) -none! ,) -none! ,) -none! ,)
slow promotion, promotion is often visibility rather than result driven, growing bureaucracy, slow decision making throughout the company, promotion to management level based on seniority rather than on "people skills".
none that I can think of. its a great place to work
Hierarchy, Big company these days, slow progression
Getting hierarchical - more and more ppl managers nowadays.
Although new ideas are expected, it's really hard to get them through at times
Flat structure, can get lost in the corporatism.
It feels like there is a trend of weak leadership in many areas of the business. The company is now a bit of a retirement home for ex-Mckinsey consultants, all of whom are exceptional problem solvers, very nice and collaborate well, but are not used to driving implementation or coaching and leading others. Given the global nature of the company, senior managers are often geographically separated from their mid-level reports, which contributes to a lack of strong mentorship and development of individuals. Corporate culture is now firmly entrenched. This is not a cool, funky start-up. Competition is fierce at the higher levels and there is the usual smattering of office politics and promotion hungry execs pushing their teams to meet their targets and protecting their empires. People seem to be hired at a level lower than they would probably occupy in another company and salaries are not that competitive - they will offer you as little as they can get away with so do not be afraid to negotiate - it does work.
Contractor are excluded from certain activities. At first it doesn't bother you but it really creates a wedge in the teams. People in permanent positions often get promoted to early and have too much power too soon.
The fulltime job (50%) was not challenging and repetitive. The projects (50%) on contrary were amazing! Another con is the location Dublin. Don't go to Dublin for the weather.
Needs more people to execute at times
No cons. But food could be a little bit better.
It is not the best place to get promoted fast
less career opportunities, less hikes,less package
Expat non-understanding of local situation
You don't have a huge impact.
Work-life balance can often be a struggle given the pressure to over perform and over deliver on a regular basis.
Largely a search company with a new focus on cloud-computing (this will be a good thing in the long run)
Best company so there's no cons
- Dublin is a small city that might not be suitable for everyone - High turnover of people
I felt Der is no down sides
too far from residential cities
none so far, (still pretty new)
- most of the people grew within the company, so it's hard to learn anything new - for the same reason senior management is not 100% knowledgeable and the company sometimes lacks strategy and vision that it's good to get from the outside
extremely competitive, harder to advance given the size of the company
System could be done easier and less complicated, sometimes management is hard, but always thanked, repeat all and also hacking to be cleared
none everything is great at the place
Hahah nothing common it google
Reasly can see any down sides
Problems with work-life balance. Very competitive environment.
Lots of pressure to deliver, little sleep,
nothing i could find, but the timings changed very frequently, sometimes morning and sometimes afternoon. but, not much difficulty faced overall a very good company.
Some parts are not well structurized
Yet, for all the pros, I was relatively unproductive and dissatisfied.   One of the positive aspects of being a contractor is you can usually isolate yourself from office politics. But, one of the things I learnt about being a contractor at Google was that office politics takes up a big part of your day.  From the perspective of a contractor at Google, a lot of contractors seem to spend a lot of their time trying to outdo, sabotage and stab fellow contractors in the back, in the hope of wining the coveted prize of becoming a full time Goggler. This seems to run counter intuitively to the Google culture. It seems you need to do a lot of “ungoogliness" to get anywhere - sometimes to even complete your work.  The contractors who get ahead at Google these days, at least outside of Core Engineering, are those who are the best politicians. I left when I realised that these were skills that I didn't particularly want to develop, they just detracted me from the real work.  Saying that, I feel proud that I was given the opportunity to work there. Maybe my expectations were too high.
Cons is lack of management interference
A bit of a cliquey culture in PR. The Comms Team in particular promoted favorites and women employees faster than men. Often a ceiling for long-term PR folks who were not favorites - most men in particular had to be content with remaining a step-behind regardless of results. Growth opportunities in PR limited.
Hard to rise up the ranks Time consuming
lots of stress, cannot change teams easily, hard interviews.
- Your work becomes very functional once the company has grown so fast - Politics and networking are very important. Working hard and results may not help you to get promote or moving up in your careers - If this is your first job, you can get spoiled from all the perks. You may find it harder to leave the company - More and more competitions within the industry
Not any one that comes to my mind
to always being a straight forward and easily trust someone. i do not like to much talk
Depends on your department, but can be a demanding pace and high expectations from internal and external partners. Smaller local team means not always as energized and bigger offices like London, San Fran etc.
the pressure to perform is very high and thus one can crumble under such pressure
Most decisions get made in Mountain View. Senior folks (outside the sales team) in the regional offices are amazing but usually are very frustrated as the real decisions are made by medium level management in the US which is super US centric. Most experienced folks are overqualified for what they are hired to do.
Hard Work and long hours
I won't specify the cons
You have no time left for yourself and forget about any lifestyle. Useless travels all the time.
flat organization with somewhat limited promotion opportunities
Not always a door opener for FTE
there are no cons really. its great working here
So far, can not say about any cons
Became hierarchical and rather McKinsey-like.
Time consuming hard work stressing long hours hard very very very very very very hard
systems sometimes not caught up with the execute and deliver fast mentality
No innovation, bureaucracy, internal politics.
chance to make a major career move
Too large, bureaucratic at times, large cashflow makes people focus on the wrong things sometimes. It used to hire just the best of the best, but given its size, this is not always the case anymore.
Pay was weak compared to other offers
Poorly trained management team, seriously, they promoted in the past sales people to management, and they aren't good with people skills.
Not much cons. Many interns.
Strict hours Better benefits have been offered by other companies Salary was unreasonable for the amount of work expected You are expected to work in a tiny cubicle, lack of promotions throughout the company.
In negar future i going to create a good web site
Google is constantly growing and restructuring. It started as a start-up and now a massive multi-billion dollar business. This transition has raised concerns on preserving the culture and Googleyness amidst the need to grow.
Nothing really. Everybody employed is very nice and polite, its a great change from the average office cubicle job.
Big egos, lots of brilliant technical guys who happen to be sucky managers, little regard for accomplishments outside the company (i.e. industry certifications), good people management in Engineering is still taboo (managers not interested in good people mgmt practices). Such a dynamic environment that feels like walking on quicksand, change fatigue quite common.
long hours, not for everybody
Google has grown a lot and in the business side, it is not the scrappy risk averse start up it used to be. With growth strict processes have obviously been put in place, which means that it's harder now to try out new things.
very flat hierarchy, harder to grow inside the company. not many option for non swe other than that is perfect
Google does not consider the people from third world
Most of the cons i think was very specific for me and I don't think that they are general cases. - Once I started there was no project for me, and I choose my project with my mentor when we were taking a walk after a fake fire alarm in the building :) - I was working alone in my project with my mentor. So I missed working a team there! - I didn't take any training at the beginning and I started in the project my mentor and I chose.
Completely inflexible approach put a lot of stress on me and my family. Terrible communications from HR department.
Work load - Professional No friends culture
The only con that I can think of is that I'm only an intern-- can't wait for the opportunity to become a full timer!
- Multiplication of "Middle manager" - People's development politics tend to decline
a bit stifled as far as involvement for lower level employees, would like to have more opportunities to contribute strategically and on different projects
Good place to develop your self.
-it's a corporate, so quite some top-down management -less career opportunities in small office
none .
At the mid level there can be lots of politics and some less competent people seem to be able to hang around mid-level positions forever. Can feel quite corporate there.
Can't think of many to be honest
Nothing really to think of
You need to review porn pictures and words for 8 hours every day. You can only develop super domain specific knowledge.
nothing I can think of.
long project to finish sometimes
Lack of focus in core business area Way too many reorgs at senior level Employee benefits starting to diminish in quality
Massive amounts of entitlement, lack of diversity, ambiguous objectives, highly political & competitive, long hours. Working in a distributed offices offers less career development until you move to MTV, NYC or LON. Quality of managers varies greatly.
Career prospect depends on mid-management which at times can be a bottle neck
nothing much technical.Anyone good with using their API tools can do it.
Google company is a good company and you will on you huge diversity of work managing from defining independent journalism worldwide. Best machine learning experts project. And as you can see it like in maps. Try it. Thank you
* Remote office as Bangalore is only cone
Indian employees are not treated the same as USemployees
Difficult to adjust to other company's culture
Poor Performance Review System (and I am doing well within it so not bitter)
1. Long work hours (though flexible) 2. Few career paths in India 3. Every few years work-model is repeated
- Large organization - makes it hard to see the impact of what you do on a daily basis.
If you start junior it's very hard to get significant steps up in salary without getting counter offers from competitors. It was one of these counter offers that caused me to leave Google. As Google has matured there's been too much emphasis on sales operations to lead the charge.
Have nothing special to say, really. Maybe the difference between badges...
It's a lot of hard work for clients
need a proper guidance for work with
Care about good ideas, but didn't pay much attention to the delivery. Local branch is not as open as headquarter.
Not that great work profiles. Non-transferable skill sets. Adwords focused jobs. Really hectic work.
career growth is limited if not an engineer.
All are good no cons
The people are smarter than you
Google will let you balance your life, but unless you're really good, expectations are high and a lot of overtime will be needed to reach up the ladder. Google won't force you, but it is still a meritocracy.
The work as an intern is not the greatest.
Difficult to expedite your growth trajectory as you are working with smartest people
Not always your work is recognized and as a consequense you have a chance to lost your further opportunities after the internship.
The tacos give you gas.
Salary low compared to other global offices but still competetive for Ireland
For me the location was not ideal anymore.
You can become a little spoilt at a place like this. I imagine it's hard to work anywhere else once you've become accustomed to the culture.
I can't think of any
maybe some boring work? just maybe
If I ever lost my job I would not be able to find anything else as good in Montreal.
The interviews are quite tough, and most of the time, employees are working their minds off. But yes, obviously to achieve something great! Not too many cons to offer!
It is becoming too big and too much on the process rather than the results. Too much politics in the MENA office this is why they are loosing great people.
- Most people are super smart, but many of them lack even basic social skills and they WILL drive you up the wall. - Google is a really good large company, but it is a large company. Creeping bureaucracy and attempts at making everything more corporate are a daily theme and, if left unchecked, will eventually destroy the culture. - People retention measured in decades has its downsides. Because Google has been so successful, the old-timers see little reason to adopt engineering practices of the 21st century, and Google is slowly but surely slipping further and further behind the industry in tools and programming practices. - GOD DAMNED OPEN OFFICE PLANS. The scourge of tech companies. Google is one of the worst offenders.
Might be too big for fast career development.
Not a whole lot of downsides though I suppose people who have been there a while might feel greater pressure to pull longer hours etc. Work can become your life a bit, often just because you let it.
Sometimes the shifts used to have crazy times. And the shift rotations are very abrupt. Workload can be a little more efficiently managed though.
Competing with so many talented people.
work from home it is not always easy
Getting selected post intern also involves interviews
Very large and complex business so it can be hard to identify the right stakeholders and to communicate effectively.
Yes, there are a lot of fish in the tank and you will maybe start a level below where you would start in another company and yes you may do jobs that you feel overqualified for, but ultimately, if you are good, you will succeed.
ruthless corporate culture, unrealistic growth targets, arrogance
too much politics which is frustrating
Growing larger and larger and quickly losing its start up feel, family culture and time to work on other projects.
You need to always ready to accepting new 10X challenge every quarter in Sales and BD.
I think you need to work too long to have a high salary
Salary not in relation to level of work expected. Nearly too much equal opportunity
You have your work cut out for you, but not overwhelmingly The responsibility might be too much for some people
None that I see working here
- None so far, the company has been a great place to work and I cannot complain about any aspect of my work at the moment.
Much smaller engineering team compared to the headquarter. The range of projects is narrow and most of the team meetings involve Hangout meetings with engineers in Mountain View.
dont ever work till now.
Simple work, not much exciting career opportunity, your experience varies based on the office/ position you take
Some lower level managers are not as good.
So many projects you can be involved in.
Everything is Goooooood with this company..
You have to work over time a lot, plus you have really extensive projects. Your life overall can decrease and will spend most time at work.
sometimes to much work to do
difficult to get out of the dream
- It's getting quite bureaucratic in some teams
not good for professional experience
HR is a pain to work with and even after two years the internal "level system" is still a black box to most people who work at the company. Recruiters are some of the worst as they lie and try to screw you out of compensation when you're initially hired. Even as a full-time Googler who interviews ~2/3 candidates a month, recruiters are still difficult to work with as they oftentimes don't understand the role you're trying to fill.
Entry-levels are uninteresting with little learning opportunities,
- know exactly what role you are changing. If you think you will be designing/marketing Google glass 2.0 or the driver-less car, think again
Definitely becoming much more big and "corporate" than it used to be.
nothing bed about this for it worker
Sometimes slow to take decisions, convincing upper management on tech development can be challenging.
None ! Only Pros for any job you do here.
The hours are long ...
beauracracy in terms of filling all these forms and documents, plenty of meetings eat a lot of workday time
Easy to lose track of work life balance.
I felt that interns should be given projects with a little bit more direction. To be honest, as a second year computer science student, I did not know too much about Google's internal architectures, so expecting me to clarify my assignments was a tall order, I would have been able to contribute more with a little bit more direction.
Lower level leadership si weak, not working to develop business but more on creating redundant process, to stuck with their own metrics to moving things for the good.
lack of transferable skills
none i could think of
Sometimes too many people work on the same, small feature
Low salaries, pay determined by bonus scheme
boring job sometime, not very creative and bit traditional way of business handling
Sometimes it gets really competitive and since you have highly qualified and ambitious people all around you it can be a bit tough to stand out.
No cons as if till now. Sometime you will feel inferior in front of others
Cut throat competition making it difficult to grow vertically
no cons except it is very competitive and the hiring bar is very high but i am someone who loves a competitive environment since I believe it pushes you to do better!  Maintain the awesome culture of thriving intelligence and efficiency
google getting bigger and bigger, and individuals having less and less sense of impact. Some people (esp. from consulting) believe google culture does not teach juniors in a structured manner
Teams are quite small, and sometimes you dont really work as a team due to he fact thta functions are divided
Too many changes at some point, lack of career discussions
Very political, very competitive Messy org, every team is doing their own thing, lots of redundancy. Lack of work life balance. Some managers pretend to be supportive, others dont even try to pretend
competition. Strong sales targets not focusing on clients.
The system is big and it is hard to change things. Also, you feel your impact small.
People find it hard to leave as the salary and other benefits are relatively better than elsewhere. There's also a highly competitive streak amongst some leaders.
Very hard working conditions! Making us sort arrays all day!
Mountain View focused and difficult to get opportunities in SYD
Big corporate so you may not get proper attention
High pressure, lack of organization
Google values are gone, this has become a giant money making machine which still attracts interesting people, but for how long? Bureaucracy and politics are growing strong like in any big corp, and much people think about their career first, innovation second (if at all). Hard to feel productive and useful.
No Cons I found yet.
Very difficult to move out of a sales role. Not alot of lateral movement under 3 year mark. Very political.
Free food keeps adding weight.
being attached to work and hard to have good work life balance
- the review process seems to be quite slow to me and it takes time to submit code - intern don't have that many permission and usually there are many problems with that
Everyone is overqualified. Projects you work on are not suited with your experiences
One of the biggest cons is the recruitment process. I didn't feel that I was being taken care of there. I didn't feel like some of the recruiters even cared who I was. There's also a big distinction in treatment between FTE's and contractors/temps/vendors.
This mentality that Google is the place to "end up." The sales floor is full of unmotivated, uninspiring, untalented people who are perfectly happy coasting by as they can never get fired. As a young grad who wants to learn and make an impact, it was disappointing. Also lots of people get ahead by "playing the game" and SO MUCH POLITICS. It was truly sad to see untalented (some even downright stupid) people get ahead.
None that I can think of!
not bold, not aggressive, not bold, not aggressive,
Very time consuming and demanding
Large company, less personal more team focussed
There are certain rules for developement and other things that have to be followed. Due to the size there is more corporate restrictive behaviour and due to the massive hiring the mindset of new hires does not always align to the company.
Not exactly the best pay for the calibre of developers whom they employ, most of their employees could earn a higher salary elsewhere.
Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing................ Nothing.....................Nothing
no cons as such. google is perfect.
Not much to learn unless you get promoted, management (Google staff that run the project) is a bit condescending at times, repetitive nature of the job, contracts are never renewed and getting hired is impossible, software is slow which is a problem when you are trying to hit a target
- Big company = not as transparent as it used to be - Getting things done sometimes takes forever because of legal / privacy - Politics in middle management, as everywhere
A bit slow on the product release and decision making!
As for cons, nothing comes to mind now!
Too much work, to less free time, too many clients, too many statistics, too many team events, too much woring time
Slow promotions cycle Large company Maturing Easy to get lost
- Poor promotion prospects at higher levels outside Mountain View
contract could not be extended
nothing can be said in cons
nothing that I can think of right now
Sub-standard boring manual work. Zero work satisfaction.  Do not join Google India if you are being hired as a campaign manager or Strategist. The work in these roles is absolutely rubbish which would be suicidal to your career.  Many people have fallen victim to the brand and money they offer only to end up doing manual mundane and boring work which a 10th Std passout can do.
They terminated my contract because of my pregnancy.
- The size of the company can be overwhelming for some people - The overall experience depends on how committed your host engineer is to you  Can't really think of anything else.
Middle management was variable in terms of effectiveness
None if you're willing to work hard.
work life balance life work balance
Should increase staffing within the organization.
Scrappy company Bad PR on occasion Advertising world based on experience, not skills, at times
It has become a huge company and if you are working in smaller offices and in non-product related teams, you feel almost dispensable. Sad but true.
Information overload can lead to distraction, ongoing struggle to scale.
It's not organized and at some points dishonesty and hierarchy can be noticed.
Work/Life balance may suffer at times.
everything revolves around Mountain View. hard to get career opportunities if you are working outside of mountain view.  Promotions are a touchy subject.
Lack of parking spots and not so cheap
no cons at all mate, not even a single con, literally not even a single one
Upward mobility for talented individuals can be a problem - some people enter the company at the wrong level and get stuck.
The only downside was that as a contractor, I had to leave when my contract expired without finishing the project.
small scope: Regardless of where you are coming from your scope will significantly shrink at Google and this is a result of a company that is gigantic.
work-life balance (it is possible if you want to be stuck all the time on the same level, without any promotion, however, to get other opportunities within the company or to get finally some decent pay raise, you need the promo, which also your over-ambitious colleagues without any social life or family commitments go for, and thus a competition from hell unleashes of who can manage to sleep the least time possible) promotion very, very hard because of promotion quota a big mess with processes - they want you to excel at something that was launched a week ago and does not work properly yet at all, and your personal rating depends on that contradictory requests on every step of the way
* Niche job roles (Non-transferable skill sets). No industry standard processes or tools are used. A proprietary tool for every need is already in place * Your fate in the organization is completely decided by 1 person - your immediate boss * Poor performance evaluation methods - Name sake panel and committee (No transparency)
Nothing much, every one know about it..
can't thing about real cons!
far away employees not well-known Translation Tools Need to be impoved Ranking too more pics
it is a numbers driven company anything that can't be measured has no place there. that sometimes makes it frustrating to plan and execute projects with an undetermineable outcome.
Google is becoming an adult - here's to hoping it never loser its inner creative child.
There are actually no cons
Google is run as a business. When the interests of employees and the company diverge the outcome is not always deemed satisfactory by some. Sometimes this results in good people leaving the company despite them liking their existing role / location.
A lot of employees so creativity is not easily achieved
None in particular as witnessed in my personal opinion/tenure. Maybe a bit pay raise would be good in my opinion.
Job diversity, differing internal initiatives
They don't pay interns as much as one would expect compared to their standards. I've got to fill in this stuff.
Large organization, high workload with picks, could tend to become not very personal given the large amount of employees worldwide
Very big, a hole chain of manegmant
The requirements for entry positions are too high which results in people being overqualified for their jobs.
too much bureaucracy, politics, lack of career options, poor mid management
There are a lot of people who wants to work for Google. It can be very though to get a job in this company.
Nothing really , all is perfect
Work/life balance. What balance? All those perks and benefits are an illusion. They keep you at work and they help you to be more productive. I've never met anybody at Google who actually time off on weekends or on vacations. You may not hear management say, "You have to work on weekends/vacations" but, they set the culture by doing so - and it inevitably trickles down.
Bureaucracy steadily increasing, roles becoming increasingly specialized which limit the amount of possible growth for individuals.
Difficult workload, unsupportive management, along with technical equipment that malfunctioned and wasn't replaced as there wasn't any funds
sometimes can get a bit much
It is a big company. Probably the best one in history, but still a big company.
for every company cons are normal.
Everything you do has to be under strict scrutiny of your superviser and has to gain his approval. Not much space for your self to call the shot and learn from failure. Bad motivation mechanism.
You can feel like a small cog in a huge wheel, and Google is known to hire overly qualified people for most tasks and positions
boring job, repetitive trends, not intersting
You'll find it difficult to move to other companies after getting these perks
bureaucracy in different processes and sometimes the products which are launched have some faults
Very challenging and could be intimidating or difficult to handle
- Intense and sometimes stressful to work at
bureaucracy, politics, scale. Diminishing returns to role and content knowledge unless you can really push aside a lot of the operational/executional work and find the right project positioning
less flexibility no work from home
Because there are so many talented people working at Google, it is possible that you will not get the kind of work you were initially looking for.
-Harder and harder to get promoted -('bottom heaviness' will make many smart people seem normal performers) -Internal visibility is main focus of many employees (rather than business impact) -Same goes for many mid-managers (some very, some absolutely not, yet seems not to matter) -General 'positive' attitude can be contagious & expected - stifling questioning & actual thinking -20% 'own project' time more often and often dedicated by being a cod mid-manager projects (flavours of the month) - (more and more 'yes man' behaviour) as trying & failing might get you negative attention
There were lots of conflicting projects
Slower growth makes new opportunities harder to find Lots of very senior, smart people you need to convince to let you try new stuff
Like many other tech companies growing larger, Google is now a big corporation and from time to time it may seem more hierarchal than it should be.
- too much everything - never better anywhere after google (you feel disapoointed)
Work is difficult sometimes. Codebase will take time to understand.
Management hardly has people management skills, they don't treat their reportees as humans but as tools to reach their own goals. Very stressful environment, too much pressure, no work life balance.
working hours are some how unmanagable, easy to be overloaded
- Being a remote site has its disadvantages, which is reflected in late night meetings - Less option on the site. New projects get taken away. Hard to convince management for an idea. - Work life balance in hyderabad is not too great.
still not enough money still to much work not enough benefits pay me more pls
Revenue is quite low as compared to the pressure
Bureaucracy creeping in Some parts particularly on Business side more top down Compensation less compared to other companies
So far i have not found anything to comment on.
The role itself is extremely repetitive. It's a factory process that Google are refining down to a fine art. Adwords, Adwords, Adwords. Maybe if I was in another department things would have been different but let's not forget where the majority of Googles roles are, Adwords is their cash cow. So that's business.
Not a lot I can think of
Be prepared for a bumpy ride with lots of opportunities.
Haven't found any yet fairly new to the company when I find something I'm not happy with then I will come back and right some cons but haven't been with google long enough to make a comment
There is lots of ambiguity. Even despite the fact that I love challenging situations and trying to figure out ways on my own, at Google you have to do almost everything by yourself.
there are no cons
There is no clear definition of how bonus is distributed Management were not very clear about policies. Salary hike was not done in appropriate way. Delay in giving answers for query asked.
No useful feedback from middle management Middle-management often of very limited cognitive abilities Targets are everything, feels very mechanic and absolutely repetitive
Google in my five years of experience became very big for me
Roller skates at work weren't necessarily encouraged.
- often poor product discipline outside of the cash cows sometimes leading to whimsical shut-downs - harder and harder to get promoted - more and more scrutiny on expenses
systems not built for client's greatest interest, unrealistic target, etc
It s hard to focus on a
Compensation is not the best while Google aspires to hire the best talent in the market. The hr team tries to reason but sitting outside country does not help
cant' complain much about the place
1. Bad management : managers change almost every 2 quarters 2. Politics
It´s becoming very big and slow
Got to be a big company now. Hierarchical org structure.
-middle management does only execution, no strategy at all
None at all. It's google
Management not invested in employee career development. Favoritism
Middle Management here is horrible, petty, and not at the same level of many of the people they manage. If you get a manager that likes you you can get promoted and be granted an actual chance at transferring within the company- if not, well, good luck to you
i want to work from home because full time employment is not an option at home front.
highly competitive atmosphere sometimes creates stress
Im happy to work them as a perfect worker
shining yourself is very hard as surrounded by talents. 24/7 work would be necessary to be shined from others
With time it becomes more like a large company with inertia and all the stuff that is associated with it.
for being such a big corporation with so many strenghts, sometimes career growth can be slow
Huge company, lots of politics.
Hierarchy and politics in sales, risk adverse local management, project vs impact focus
Too dependent on US so many evening video calls. As a large company, there are many teams and the quality of work and management varies between the teams.
nothing as such, just that they didn't ask us to chose team in my year, now they ask, so problem resolved.
No cons to working with Google. There is a valuable culture that all companies could learn from, not just internet companies.
too many staffs, the location
the benefit package is not very attractive
- Marching towards big corporate culture. - Very centralized, hard to show impact from a remote office. - Management is becoming deeper and deeper.
Pace can sometimes be frenetic
Getting more corporate and political, a lot more red tape. Getting better though, I feel. Tends to employ overqualified people, quite often have to work overtime although work/life balance is important for them.
The HR team needs to work on communication. There should be clarity in their talks. Not helpful for ex Googlers who want to join back.
Usually important projects are concentrated in Mountain View.
Long hours, tight deadline. Interview process is ununnecessarily drawn out and painful, was rejected after interview twice before being called back a third time and offered position!
can become a bit too specialised
Their are no cons to specify in google
Some challenging work like more than enmities and I like my job
Tends to employ overqualified people, quite often have to work overtime although work/life balance is important for them.  Lets you change jobs within company after a year but it's difficult to move up the ladder.
No cons specificaly. Just one is that It's contact.
Hard to get a full time position also if you are very good its a matter of headcounts
Workload: With the culture of ambition and innovation comes high workloads. Complexity: Organisations and internal processes can be highly complex and difficult to navigate. Promotion: the organisation is still very flat and promotion is very competitive.
Many work hours dilettante management (especially Operation Leads) who is constantly demotivating employees - non-transparent system of promotion (better jobs are for ''very close friends'' of TeamLeaders/Operations Lead only)
Work/life balance is not addressed, some "hero culture" is still damaging to teams.
I didn't find anything that I don't like except you have to work a lot.
- No cons as such.
I don't have many cons about Google but software engineering i do. For one, deadlines they are very stressful to meet. secondly the amount of hours is huge.
Like most of the big companies it is very easy to get stuck in a job function and a role for a long time.
Difficult to have a good work/life balance, and have to be very willing to play internal political games in order to succeed at the company
Highly political, leadership positions static
messy process, some messy employees and experience
No matter how hard you work, if you're a contractor they give you the feeling.. And no matter how great you are, if you're applying for a permanent job within the company, for which a family member of Google employee is applying too, there's no chance for you. Been there.. Experienced it.. Totally nepotistic, yet will lie in your face, stutter and blush when you tell them you know why the other person was hired instead of you.
- Actually ther's no downsides at working in Google
Tight Schedule transport food culture colleagues
lot of competition,lack of personal projects
Getting too big, too slow to execute.. Very US centric limited opportunities in Europe with lots of re-orgs
Nothing much. Some teams arent as efficient as others.
Its very overwhelming at first, people have to prepare their self very good, so they can keep up the fast paced people in google.
complacency can creep in if you don't keep yourself updated.
Jobs can be mudane, ensure you enter at the right level. Google is like the care bears on the outside - the game of thrones on the inside.
With size comes a lot of bureacracy, and many things are too centralised in Mountain View
too many tasks per day
lack of work life balance
- Strong Performance Pressure with quarterly reviews, ratings that measure performance numerically and meticulously, and the need to over-perform for three consecutive quarters to even be considered for a promotion. Can lead to very slow career progression. - Lots of leg work and operations, often you manage chaos and company politics rather than make things happen - Lots of launches means a lot of overtime - Very ambitious and very competitive colleagues and shift culture towards having to put in a lot of extra hours and extra effort - Lack of diversity (everyone is an over-achiever coming from similar personal and professional backgrounds, both in business and on the engineering side)
gTech basically a help-desk, smart people doing menial jobs.
Excessive resources and created dependencies.
lots of pressure and too much politics
Very HQ-centric, hard to develop a career in a distributed office.
Competitive environment No professional growth Hard to get promoted Senior management can be different throughout regions Silos sometimes
- By now very large, - Hence more bureaucratic, - Moves slowly.
Too much work - not caused by top down pressure, just by the fact that everyone is super strong & motivated to have an impact, so puts in a lot of hours
Expected to work in a scrappy way and can be difficult to assimilate information at times
The grading system is very strange, my contribution during my internship did not count as much as after-internship interview results.
Bad management decisions and increasing bureaucracy.
sometimes you just dont know where to go to get things done interview process was extremely long and drawn out
Free Food, Amazing Culture, Work from home
Very competitive and you compete with the best
market competition limited career growth opportunities
It will conquer the market in the next few years
Base pay is a little low, but that is due to the compensation package, such as free food (breakfast, lunch, dinner Monday through Friday), and many more perks.
extensive traveling causes a difficult work life balance
very motivated, in the middle of the city
Job can get repetitive sometimes and the promotion is quite difficult to get as everybody is very ambitious.
As the company matures and acquires it's difficult to maintain a culture, new people from outside dilute the original work force
A lot of growth means a lot of growing pains. Lots of rough patches with employee dissatisfaction about one thing or another. A regression towards the mean, as you hire 50,000+ people, it will start to feel like a big company with big company problems.
there is Nothing bad as such
sensitive to your words of religion and culture
No real downsides at working at this company, everyone is great and the culture is great. Not able to think of anything not great about the company.
work/life balance, large company. It's difficult to find where resources are sometimes. The company is so large it's hard to get a synoptic view and understand where you are.
.... if you are in the wrong org, one that is not growing or has poor leadership or mid-management, get out fast! You are on a dead end track and nothing you can do will change that.  The company has grown so large so quickly and you can really see it is wrestling with all the problems of adolescence, with bureaucracy and politics exploding in the years I was there.  Performance management is broken and the best people do not always get the rewards they deserve. Adept upward management rather than doing the best job has become the surest way to rapid career advanceent. This is a real shame and needs to be nipped in the bud asap. It is not clear that the senior management are really aware of this or have the means or desire to get to grips with it.
as of now, long hours, complex technologies
Difficult to find a job there, somehow impossible, you may need someone works there to get in.
I really have no much cons while i worked in the organisation other than we need to struggle to make other employees understand our ideas. and the house keeping was horrible.
everything is good here !
You need to be prepared to work hard - your bonus, standing, salary etc are all predicated on you working hard and continuing to improve. You need to show you are a team player as well as an individual, so be prepared to take on extra work to make the grade. It's a large company, so you have to find ways to stand out. Don't expect much of a home life at times - when you're up against it, it's expected you'll stay there all hours.
Extra competition, people are very smart and may use their brains to get ahead of you. Pay is too low for junior levels, impossible to live well with that salary in London.
NA, Personal Growth, More openness
Change is always good for growth.
Long hiring process. This can also cause issues further down the track. ie if a team is understaffed, filling the headcount can take quite some time
Can't think of any cons atm.
lots of work to do at all the time
- you have several people who can manage you and set your tasks - your manager, your team leader, engineering managers who you are collaborating with - too much bureaucracy - if you like problems to be solved immediately you should not start working at Google because sometimes it takes ages to get what you want - management overloads staff - it's hard to be promoted - you are assessed against other people in your team, even if you do 120% of your plan you are looser because there's always someone who does 121%
It may be more difficult to communicate with senior managers and other teams managers sometimes. I don't see a lot of cons in working in this company. If you're an entrepreneurs then maybe you won't be that attracted to it,
- Sometimes you may have to do projects that are not necessarily innovative or make the best use of your skills - Access to data that is needed for your job is hard to come by. It is always a constant struggle to convince the right folks to grant you access
Too much focus on some individuals
Red Tape, Bureaucracy, Giant Corporation, meaningless perks, cut throat working environment, no work-life balance, no life outside Google
Red tape, aggressively competitive, giant corporation, lacks interest in individuals, no work life balance
* Sometimes your job is just to shuffle data from one format to another * Sydney is an idiotically expensive city to live in. Despite the amazing compensation, I'd be more wealthy working for some small dev shop in another city. * People in remote offices sometimes live in fear of that office closing. Sydney seems pretty safe, though. * Your workplace is endlessly discussed on the internet
None that I would consider cons, if you are interested in progressing your career and enjoyed a fast paced working environment then I would encourage you to try Google
sometimes hard to tackle with maintenance/new stuff challenges
Not much to say about it
no cons here as it is very good
Not many -Some Good People -Avoid Cafeteria discussions
- not all teams/dept/locations are treated the same  - experience dependent on manager and their ability
Can be very demanding if you are not up to it.
zero growth and hence zero challenges. breeds mediocrity
Career opportunities and promotions are very tough. Company is build for growth not sure how things will change if growth stalls
Far from big officies where the most interesting things happening
Cult of growth. Everything is measured, quantified and evaluated in terms of growth and impact. Exponential growth is expected in every single metric: number of projects, number of users, lines of code, impact, whatever. If something stops growing, it usually gets killed. Do you remember Google Reader? It stopped growing. Look out for your own stats, and get transferred quickly if you stop growing at your current place.  Lack of focus. Hyperactive and very disruptive development in most areas, with user experience neglected. It is starting to hit back (as of 2014-2015). Unfortunately, I can't go into details on the consequences of this one, due to confidentiality.  Chaos. There is no stable point, everything changes all the time. All documentation is unfinished and/or outdated. Very few people have the 'big picture' and they don't have time to share it, because they have to chase their own growth. Reorganization is continually happening. People come and go, teams come and go, products come and go. Usually we move 3-4 times a year. Noogler onboarding is often forgotten. There's a story about a noogler haunting the buildings for 2 months before finding out whom he reported to. I'm not sure if that ever happened, but I've seen people wandering around for several days. (Now I have the routine to spot them and help finding their team.)  Long working hours and stress. This is most prevalent in SRE, but many development teams experience it, too.  Cult vocabulary. There are hundreds of words for common things. On top of that, all projects have their internal codenames, and sometimes 3-4 different names refer to the same thing. You can speak whole sentences with words that only googlers understand. Willpower, Ikea, magnet, batman, etc.: those words do not mean what you think they mean.  Location-specific issues. The company is centered around Mountain View, and you are almost certainly required to move there if you become important. Other sites (especially non-US sites) provide significantly less perks and choices. Mountain View is extremely crowded, and facilities can't keep up with the growth. Property prices are crazily inflated by googlers, and traffic is bad for the same reason. London still has some office space, but it pays much less than other sites, while living costs are the same or higher. The company sets the salaries based purely on industry average, not on living costs. The London benchmark seems to be flawed. You can't afford to rent any decent flat near the office, and commute is awful during peak times. Offices are open plan everywhere. Waiting for male toilets is very common at most sites. With regards to quality of life, the Zurich site is the most livable in Europe, and maybe New York in the US (until Eric Schmidt applies his stupid crowdedness-makes-you-creative theory).
has become too large & bureaucratic now
Engineer driving company, other functions are relatively in the low area.
super demanding, competitive, highly political, many roles could be seen as 'cog in a wheel' - hard to understand impact. work life balance.
Its a good place for to job. The company offer diferents position. But the distance between my home and the factory is far.
No Cons at all really
NA...the company is doing great
very big company strong competition internally
Compensation for sales roles can be low vs. industry and some client-facing jobs can be dumb (SMB sales or services).
big companies with the defaults it has
Not much. Some problems that big companies always have.
Much more challenging to be the outperformer if everyone around you is just as smart and competent. Highly competitive environment at times.
The company only operates in the domestic market ( Brazil ) , she was a multinational could provide me more knowledge and opportunities.
Long hours, difficult jobs and demanding management
Still small company Need more strategic planning visibility to all the company Marketing in a very early stage Dependence on Mobile Carrier but going to open internet
A big corporate, many projects are not that interesting, little or no research
Being pulled in a million different directions at once and being at the mercy of every-changing corporate initiatives. Also, after some time, the tidal wave of corporate reporting has a tendency to get in the way of actually getting your job done.
I can't think of any.
time deadlines are tough leads to increased pressure on employees
Getting too big and complex to manage, from 0 to 100 on locks and unthought procedures
Not much but hiring bar is high and you need to keep performing
Low pay in India. The work-life balance is challenging if you are at the middle management level
Not many... A bit too hierarchical
No cons at all for this company
- pay is lesser than the market for non-eng roles. -it is getting little hierarchial
there is nothing that goes against the google.
Limited to grow, few opportunities, low salaries and benefits
A lot of stress and responsibility
Mediocre senior managers, uncompetitive base salaries compared to companies with which Google competes for talent, extremely vague/frustrating promotion process compared to other companies,
Though it is one of the best places to work, management of some of the teams in India is not to the level of rest of the teams at Google. Some corporate politics happen in these teams. But even then, working in these teams is better than working in most other companies.
It is no longer a start-up. You are one of many stars, all competing to outshine each other. Recognition is hard to obtain, unless you work on one of the very few shiny projects. It is very Calfornia-centric, with the commensurate decrease in life quality doing late evening meetings a lot. Stack ranking is a big demotivator.
Issues common to big companies, communication cost very high.
Too much legacy code, the internal codebase is unhealthy. Salary could be better.
nepotism too many working hours you have to carry the weight of many genius slackers company doesn't really help to keep up with current techologies
Hierarchical level of management. Managers can be a bit biased.
Nothing in particular. The experience was awesome. Sometimes collaboration with so many teams was challenging especially across time zones, but on the whole great experience
Work culture is good with balanced work life
Nothing to be honest Really nothing at all Everything is great Nothing
The business org/subdivision that I worked for - had a lot of politics, hiring practices were not fair to employees, extremely smart people doing dumb things and getting paid at that low level too.
Stack takes time to get used to.
Need to explore other verticals in media capacity
I was bullied ut it was funny
nothing to tell all is perfect
maybe too many distractions,but it depends
- Poor people management with unclear performance review and promotion process. - Lots of reorgs with unclear communication and transition plans. - Internal mobility is unclear and hard.
Monotony after a while, ability to not grow beyond a level.
The cons depend on one's style. Compared to the "average" reference in the market: - Very aggressive objetives and targets, sometimes unrealistic. - Frequent re-orgs (if you think this is a bad thing) - Usually long hours (if you demand a clear separation between "work" and "personal" life, this is not the place for you) - No career plan whatsoever (you own your career path and have to pursue your 'next thing' yourself)
My role can be repetitive and targets can be disheartening. Promotions involve a lot of internal politics.
far from HQ, low salary, but not much cons overall.
Google has overqualified people for the role they are in. It fells huge and your impact is very small within Google.
Poor HR team which plays a big role in deciding your first posting and hence, in a way decides what you'll do initially at Google.
Could do with more perks
very good team work, smooth work and manage
Very strict privacy and document sharing policy, that can be clearly explained by specifics of the business. Very little time remains to go home due to great facilities offered by Google.
I don't know really, i should be a little thing
extreme competition can hinder the growth
big company, need to prove yourself to succeed, too much ownership so it's bad if you are used to being told what to do, how to do things rather than finding your way on your own.
No President's club - doesn't offer high incentives for over 100% achievement
Way too complicated systems, small impact on the whole project.
Google prides itself on a startup culture that has long since gone. It is extremely corporate in the American style, which can be tiresome. There's a very big visibility culture where being loud and 'present' is very beneficial.
not much money and compensation
Very little hand holding provided There should be more structured bootcamp provided
- Intense work culture - Work hours can get long (but our mostly fun) - The company is much bigger now
Too few people and not borring XD
Every 8 months a reorg will happen and you will have to rush to find another role. Hr will be absolutely useless and will not help in any way. If you like not having a job every six months, then you are in for a threat.
Hard to develop your career further if you're hired into an entry level role, very difficult to move across job functions and ladders.  Competitive and hard to get promoted.
Being a largish company, individual contributions can get a little bit washed away. The criteria on which career advancement is based may be a little bit unfair for people who are not working on user facing or critical internal services. Internal communication and information is good but could be improved. The "geeky" and "cool" aspects of the company culture can be cheesy and annoying if you are not a kid.
Not enough on the job training. Also they don't give many flexible hours to work so you had to make 7am to 6pm regardless and you couldn't argue this point with them at all.
long hours poor mangement attitude slow carrer management
Tasks could be very stressful sometimes
highly competitive environment , work life balance is a challenge
hard to feel like you make an impact
SMB is a joke, the managers don't even know how to use an excel spreadsheet or do a power point. Some of them might not even know the difference from CPA or CPM. Why they are managers? Simple as that, there are two heads that control everything and they promote people who praises them. One is ex photographer assistant who practices nepotism all the time and the other is a socialist. And why Google keep them there? Because you Dont need good people to do the work asked. Even monkeys could work in SMB Brazil. Google hiring bar has decreased a lot in the last few years, HR is doing a terrible job lately, skilled people Dont wanna work there. Why? Its not a good place to be anymore, the money is terrible and they try to sell you a glamour thing. Who lives on Glamour nowadays? Google Brazil and SMB are totally overrated. If you are a kid that wanna show off as the coolest hipster person in a fratty party, that's the place for you. If you aren't, its a trap.
At present the company in business, work six days a week.
Compensation needs to be more aligned
large company , we may loose the sense of understanding what we want to achieve may not feel the ability to create impact. I used to call it the golden jail as many employees stayed there because it's comfy.
None that I can think of
Overqualified for the job Terrible mid managers
I think many of these cons are location specific, but for a remote office like India - Work-life balance goes down the drain - Most work is Mountain View centered, so offices with a big time zone difference feel cut-off, don't get the best projects. - Very speedy delivery expected. You can't move ahead if you can't work fast.
a little too performance orientated, counter intuitive to trying to achieve great things.
start up on your own
it is geographically limited to italy
Mobility within department is hard. People usually struggle to survive but live their life somehow. so, not for all people.
- its getting to big - things are slower
Middle Management might not be the best and there is a virtual ceiling on the kind of jobs available in India
Nothing that I can think of.
Bureaucracy creeping in big corp incapable middle management
Job becomes repetitive at some point
In Brazil there is not so many growth opportunities, takes a long time to get promoted.
The working in google is a big big challenge. Every day is smth new and challenging.
I would say the main downside is that people work such long hours. Perhaps this is because the environment is so competitive. I also don't think the salary in London is competitive with the main alternative employers - investment banks.
It can be hard to fit in such a chaos organization. Also it sometimes leads to duplicates in the projects that people are working on.
Not a great place for business students
work pressure,good place to work , career growth , good people
* Loosing focus over the years * Lots of politics creeping in
no training, gotta grow the channel yourself.
You have to learn a lot, fast paced and need to be 100% committed all the time
Growth in finance is tough...company is getting top heavy
- Salary isnt upto the market stds. - It has now become a very big company, hence there are chances you might get lost.
Didn't feel driven Cross functional opportunities
- bad mid management - even worse team-leads. Either they are super good or super bad. - trainings are all internal and with G-products, so conveying certain skills to other non-Google related are difficult
I didn't find any cons personally.
sometimes you have to deal with difficult stuff
Really crapy managers, all is management by numbers and win win philosophy is not applicable here.
Very different from the early start up or even mid sized company days (understandably). Corporate, crowded- there is constant pressure and competition to stand out from the crowd. All employees are intelligent and motivated and striving to impress so it's easy to become a 'mediocre performer' if you aren't constantly upping your game. Can be challenging if you have significant responsibilities outside work but is the best place to work if you are young, energetic and relatively 'free' to dedicate most of your life to it.
Becoming bigger and more unwieldy and the layer of consultant management just below or at executive level and reducing the scope for innovation
Bad managers can ruin your experience (as it's the case everywhere). People management initial layer is often chosen by wrong reasons. Thus these folks can't effective lead, and teams end up avoiding taking risks and innovating.
You tend to get complacent with all the luxury around you. Most roles have skills which are not transferable.
The company towards the last part of my tenure has been way too political for my taste. The other issue is that the company was sometimes too slow to react to certain threats (eg social) which was disappointing
Management sucks. Lots of medicore managers waiting to get their stock options. Lack of direction. Lots office politics. Salary is average
Sine the environment is so fast paced and everyone there are so talented that people there with low skills feel little backward and sometimes do not show up properly.
- Sometime there is the "big company syndrome" that everyone is trying to overcome at Google
Lots of people with great potential, all looking for promotion. You might not get the opportinities to grow as soon as you think you deserve them
Job Description and Actual Work can be diametrically opposite :) Significant number of Googlers are kind of pretentious. Google hires over-qualified candidates. ( because they can :P ) Moving out of a role / office is very difficult. (You need to excel in your current role i.e. atleast get promoted once) Primary an Engg company. Anyone other than Engg. is an expendable resource.
long hours, pay is okay and could be higher
Too much competition Lack of variety in terms of work Started to act like a big organization
As a contractor you're completely ignored
Everyone is amazing, so it's difficult to stand out, can be competitive
Quality of more recent hires not as good as it used to be
lack of transferable skills. Many tools and technologies are Google-only, and I feel that my skills from the real world have atrophied significantly.
You are in a competitive environment and suddenly you're not one of the smartest of your peers anymore (like you were in college) but are really challenged to go above and beyond to stand out. And some teams are really competitive, especially those who get performance bonus. There is a LOT to learn and it is quite overwhelming and seems a little fuzzy in the beginning, but pretty soon there is this point where the puzzle suddenly starts to make sense!
Highly specialised for each job role, there isn't much you can do outside your job description Low mobility, caused by said high specialisation, if you want to slightly change the type of area you work on, it's going to take you maybe years
There is no much use of open source.
Google is struggling with big company problems. Lots of layers slow things down and can disenfranchise one a bit.
no cons as such good place
I joined this role thinking that the job can lead me to Engineer position. The managers in this position are not really smart. They cannot understand your career plan. - They just make you feel worthless - Will be stuck in the position unless you impress your current manager - One will learn nothing in these type of positions. - This position is for people who just want to relax and not bothered about what they are learning.
Difficult to get into the company... Promotion will take a lot of hard work, more than what is required in other average companies...
Work life balance Work life balance
Very rigid recruitment process which makes it difficult to manage candidates. Expectations are super high so expect long hours and to be overloaded. Most recruiters do not get extended after the 11 month contract.
-Horrible managment -repeating work -long hours -stupid rules
Night calls all the time
Moving up is hard, sometimes politics play a role in promotions etc... Moving to another office as not as easy as they make it seem.
too big and corporate these days
have not come across cons yet !
Always changing, fast paced, performance focused environment. Might prove testing for people who don't manage their work/life balance well.
-Over the past few years became a huge corporation, slowing down promotions and internal movements, reducing time for extracurricular projects and skyrocketing targets. -Average management is often very average -New hires with extensive experience in the field are often too overqualified for the basic work they are doing in sales or support
-Job profile is not challenging especially for people looking to work up the ladder. -The work tends to get monotonous and after a period of time 'burnout' becomes inevitable.
- Middle management - Too large
For people outside the US, increasingly becoming too US (well Valley) centric - aside from regional roles most of the interesting senior roles are based there, beware if you are in Europe or elsewhere globally. Drain of people moving there as the only means to further their careers. Also politics (as with any big company) is rife and silo's strong. Finally don't expect to have much of a life outside of the company
Salaries are not that satisfying, getting promotion does not only depend on how well you do your job but you need some show off to be visible at management level.
Working with lots of experienced professionals is a challenge itself. Be sure to be ready to work with competitive(in good way) people that challenge the status quo.
It is not as relax as other's like Oracle, but I think for early new grad, it totally worth it to work hard and learn the experience.
At times can be overhead working on a large code base. Need to ensure your changes do not break anything.
dificult to do the job Some diferent of my others jobs Low Cost of region is espensive Personal growth
payroll was not satisfactory need to improve it
Sometimes working with people that pretend to be all geniuses has its drawbavks
Commute sucks if you are in SF Compensation not competitive if you are outside of MTV Internal transfer is way too hard Difficult to navigate career path Internal politic can get a bit much Performance management are difficult for people outside of SWE ladder
Very High expectations. But they vary from the roles you take up.
Internal mobility is quite hard. Sometimes, even good people struggle to survive in the company due to very high expectations. Here, you are either continuously moving forward or you get out of the way - you cannot remain at the same level of performance for a long time.
No cons can be found
Job is not satisfying, but that is the same in all other companies. There are little possibilites to grow in the company, at least before a two year tenure
Te actual day to day job is not rocket science. It gets very operational and it will probably not be your calling in life.
I can't imagine working somewhere else even for much more money.
I don't see there are any obvious drawbacks. This company has a good work/life balance and provides learning opportunities internally. Maybe a pity is that time is too short to consume what the company provides you with every day.
Middle management from Very good to Very Bad Way too political Core Job very boring below L5 Salary lower than many places in the Industry HR Department in Dublin purely clueless Good for entry level work
I found some of the most hypocrite and unauthentic people I ever met in my life. Very manipulative environment.
perks are low, but consistent
In cases, the person is overqualified for the job. Google has enough influence and attractiveness to bring on people that are too qualified for their jobs. Google rightly prides itself in having an amazing workforce, but it sometimes comes at the underutilization of people's abilities.
always need to be innovative
It never feels like you're doing work worth doing, Google always hires smarter people than necessary to get work done and they know that they're Google and hence pay less than what you will get at other companies.
Pay Zero process Crappy interview process Cowboy projects Repetitive projects
mechanic work, no challenges, no transparency
Never a dull moment!
Smart people everywhere. Getting overcrowded. Perks, kitchens are worse than in other Googles. Office essentially segregates the engineers from the non-engineers (different floors), gives it a weird feeling. Harder to get promoted higher than senior in a non-MTV office.
It's easy to lose track of what time it is. Make a point to leave earlier than you'd want, it'll help you in the long run.
Google is a large multinational company with all the bureaucracy and inertia that implies. If you get a decent manager and an interesting job it's alright. If you get a bad manager that could make your life very hard.
nothing as far i have seen.
Targets way too high, stressful, account management in local countries not on line with inside sales (juniors) which creates a mess in communication
Salary not too attractive. That said, benefits are great
The company puts you in a comfort zone and makes it difficult to get out of it.
Interesting projects are hard to come by outside the US hub. There is a hierarchy even if they claim there isn't. Decisions take forever - everyone's opinion is valid, yet there are too many decision makers and no decisions. Promotion is more about who you know that what you did. You will work long hours - usually till 7pm.
- Highly competitive - So big now that progress is hard no matter how good you are - Innovation from the ground up can be hard - Performance management curves
very competitive - Salaries are not as competitive as other competitors
The Sydney office has become increasingly corporate and there's plenty of office politics. It's great place for someone who is early in their career, however unless you love media sales it's a challenge to find the right role for those who are more advanced in their career.
too big to make an impact, little scope for promotion and growth, the work is not that great for a newbie
Nothing as such , Unless until you dont work .
Nothing as such as we see here.
It's hard to move up the ladder.
Promotions, career opportunities may take a while, but worth it.
Organization is big and lots of organization
Contractors are not being treated well in the outsourced places (Google maps Dublin). That's probably the agencies fault, but still, I left after 6 months because of it.
immature environment, sometimes lack of professionalism. kids in diapers that thing they know it all.
High competition for the same job
Internal mobility can be hard but the options out there are fantastic. Much will hinge on how well Google handles growing pains in the coming few years.
Peer pressure. You need to prove yourself all the time.
just 23 months contract not extendable.
Boring work is done in it
Work life balance could be surely improved.
The buildings that they are located in have funny furniture. too cool for school
Difficult to stand out in an environment of over-achievers
Work/life balance simply does not exist at all. I believe the company cares and wants to fix this, but they have so far failed. Working in an open-plan office can be hard and stressful.
For folks for whom this company is the first job, there's very little genuine understanding of the value that this company provides. Everyone focuses on the perks but it takes them a while to understand the ethos / culture truly. No matter what the review say, at the end of the day to succeed one has to work smartly and put in their 110% to see results.
Growth is extremely fast and we are beginning to see large-company issues and difficulty in moving roles internally due to changed expectations of experience which long time employees are often not exposed to. Also, poor performers are not dealt with correctly. There's a lot of leniency and sometimes, this can affect the entire team.
It is better than being at home. Sometimes I'd consider it too good.
Working with Google Maps ,is not atall a gud fetching oppurtunity when to want to change your job.
Not many that I can think of so far ......
fast work & big man its my dreams
Have to balance both college and events equally. Creating a proper impact .targeting correct set of audience.
The company is a bit overwhelming
Management is generally appalling, I literally have never encountered people with less ability to lead and motivate people and just understand the basic dynamics of people. Contractors are treated as second class citizens. Even though they are participating highly both in terms of operations and projects. Managers make false underhanded promises about being kept on to many contractors in the hope that this will motivate people to work even harder. But people talk and such strategies become transparent. It is embarrassing spending so much money on parties/off-sites etc. while the contractors slave away and then are told there is no budget to keep them on. (Many of them are far more intelligent than the FTEs and working much harder, and it feels like they know that and are just using them for as much as they can) Googlers have a tendency to become entitled and egotistical. Yes, the physical workplace is great, but it is too much of a bubble and actually the environment is stressful and not really all that friendly. Even the Kitchen staff seem miserable. The expectation of excellence is fraught in the air, which often results in an underhanded competitiveness between team members and long, long working hours. Ya those pool tables are nice, but I never really had time to play them. Googlers are too mono, there is no diversity in thought, age, race etc. Which is a huge criticism really when you think of the values they hide behind and the people they should be considering. If you strip away the benefits and the incredible value of having Google on your CV, this would have been one of the worst employment experiences in my life. I think the difficulty is getting to grips with the frustration of how they are perceived, and how they actually operate. Many of the FTEs have worked nowhere but Google and think they are uber fantastic for having landed a job there and what they are doing is the most important thing in the world but there lack of life experience shows massively in how they handle their work and many of them feel like they are part of a cult.
Chaotic environment, not for the faint of heart.
Had to try hard for Onsite....
long work hours & constant goals
After a while, you get too much pigeon-holed in to a specific role, Only x% of the people still do get to work on awesome open source stuff - everyone else works on a gaint, pretty much closed ecosystem, platform and tech stack wise. Also, the company is getting too big, a little outside of everyone's comfort zone, almost 0% work-life balance,
Progression can be arbitrary.
No room for career development, many people work on weekends in order to manage the workload
Not a lot of interesting project outside (and even in) Moutain View
you will become really fat & lazy
Middle management is full with people who were recruited very early and not up to current Google standards.
nothing as of now. lets see in the future.
A bit of annoying arguments between the employees of different vendors. But healthy comversations
sometime the work life balance is hard to maintain
Some of the senior management could be non googley
Bureaucratic, at times not transparent enough.
work-life balance, too much work, not limited
Not everybody is smart enough
very hard to get noticed or promoted
Salaries are relatively low, though I would say that the benefits more than make up for it. Not sure how many opportunities for promotion there are.
Too few teams in remote locations
Almost no place for growth within the same role, and you become overqualified for the role fairly quickly
Expectations are very high and people can be very competitive depending on your field. It can be stressful. In addition, it seems most people work round the clock and I found myself on email nights/weekends, not because I had to be, but I felt that it was the norm. It can take over your life a bit.
The benefits entitlement can be chaffing. How many times I have heard people complain about the lines to get free stuff or the lack of "offsites" (fun days when you get paid but don't do any work) in the past 3 months.  Internal politics can be difficult as some are incredibly good operators and some are allergic to politics and pander, so it often feels like an uneven playing feel. In engineering particularly, there are as many allergic managers so the effect is less, but in other functions, you often have to fight your corner.
Work pressure is high, especially during project deadlines. Very few opportunities for recreation like games.
For working in Google the main criteria is that you need to have good communication skills to interact with business delegates. When we handle our responsibilities and total effort then we are also been rewarded with incentives.You find a growing career in the organisation.
no any cons, i like it
Sales in some specific markets became harder and harder.
- the size of the company and the ability to make an impact - junior managers with very little experience
Company business is not complicated enough to give challenging work to most of the employees.
Slowly growing into a massive, more bureaucratic company
If you are not a self-starter, you may get complacent easily, and stop the learning process completely. Only the people who are very motivated can make the best use of Google culture.
It's hard to have a life separate from work — the entire ecosystem is designed to make it more comfortable and compelling than home! Everyone I know who left tries to reinvent various versions of the internal tech they have.
For working in Google the main criteria is that you need to have good communication skills to interact with business delegates. When we handle our responsibilities and total effort then we are also been rewarded with incentives.You find a growing career in the organisation.
it is too big for one to make a difference
Political decisions based on visibility
Process Management can be improved better
The problem is that it became a litle bit boring after a couple of years.
Can't think of working else where :(
not much, except it's competitive
No great cons - Large company now
Lack of transparency...sometimes I was shocked how little people knew about other departments / products / worklfows, considering how essential it is to be aware of the bigger picture.
High growth challenges as the fast agile historic environment tries to deal with a growing workforce. Internal systems need attention and investment.
- It feels like a big company, with all disadvantages of that. - A small remote office does not have as much flexibility or options as the headquarters. - 20% projects? They are most likely 100% + 20%. - Infrastructure sometimes slow you down (infrastructure is the cause and the solution of all engineering problems).
Base salary not competitive. It seems like a large chunk of that is funneled into providing the great perks.
You get to work with the best and smartest people in the world who can always find a fault with anything and everything.
Getting bureaucratic but that is to be expected due to the size of the company
As with all large corporations, there's a growing layer of middle management. This means bureaucracy, politics and the need to promote the so called "personal brand". Some managers need more education on how to motivate people. Proposals may go through a lengthy approval process. Recruitment is rather slow as I remember it.
Low salary (Latam), curve evaluation for promotion, Long hours. BA program (a sort of young professionals program) makes you unable to transfer for 2 years.
work gets mundane after a point of time.
One of the Google's uniqueness is "flat" organization. However, by growing the company and having more people, organization became kind of bureaucratic and have more hierarchies.
Nothing as such as the brand name is too good
- Very long hours 9-10 hour days not uncommon. (very short break). This is partly due to the fact that many languages are understaffed and overworked. Google is making billions but somehow justifies that hiring more people is too costly and difficult. - Stressful work, with loads of bureaucracy and processes that needs to be followed. - People tend to work weekends as well. On my team people often work while on vacation. - No clear career path, most people leave the Dublin office, after 2 years because they either burn-out or can't progress anywhere in the organization. - Too much middle-management.
You can get addicted to work. You might gain weight because of all the food. You might get used to a great environment and spoiled for life.
None. There are no cons. Google is the best employer in the world. Can't get any better. Google is the dream employer.
Not a typical corporate set up so you will face trouble dealing with work culture at other places if you ever decide to move out. This also leads to stagnation at some point in cases where direction is a little unclear
good enough to work in
Google cannot have anything less than the best
No job satisfaction. Any one would maximum work for 1 year
Not invented here for pretty much all technology.
As Google has grown out of being a startup in the last 5 years, the bureaucracy followed. It gets harder and harder to just Get Things Done, since now there are endless reviews and committees that need to sign off. Promotions are less data-driven and more horse-trading, since there are caps on numbers and justification ends up needing alliances between managers. Salary is below market, the justification being that all the (mostly intangible) benefits make up for the shortfall, and increases have been barely inflation-beating over the past few years (I'm not a low performer). Your job progression is rather limited, since you won't make a lot of impact unless you are the rockstar amongst all the rest of the 1%, and you definitely need to have a lot of ambition to fight to move upwards.
- hard to be promoted - work-life balance
One drawback is there are no inventory level guarantees. This is true of any network, but with Google it can get even more difficult as you can't reserve inventory (expensive home page buyouts aside). A bidder can bump you out of certain placements by bidding higher and raising his maximum CPM.
- Overqualified people for almost every position - Difficult to keep separation between work and life.
None.The brand name hides if are any.
Middle Management below expectations Core job quite boring Constant brainwashing
- long hours in sales
no as such cons i discovered yet in my experience
Nothing as such, Google has the best working culture
nothing to say about it yaar
It's now quite a bit company and with that comes more structure and less of an entrepreneurial feel.
There isn't anything that has been bothering me.
There were very few women in senior management. Lack of mentoring for those in more junior roles.
Increasing bureaucracy, work/life balance is bad
Long days, working for global company means multiple timezone meeting times.
Working on Contract Based whi
Falling into the pattern of any other large company
stuck-up people, think they are the best and brightest but they are just ivy league students with no idea about the real world
Google is growing as a company so it's loosing that start up, you can do anything feel. It's becoming more and more corporate and bureaucratic.
nothing that i can think of
Not as agile as before in terms of decision making and getting through with your ideas
Located in Dublin, race for promotions is detrimental for performance especially at more junior levels.
None that I can think of
Too big an organisation so no room to be creative - you have to follow a set defined process and only have room to move within defined guidelines.
very fast paced, becoming more corporate (bureaucratic)
Not as much impact at an individual level as one would like
no negative points about the company
Useless management , too many policies changes
Seeing a down turn...over innovative
Despite the work culture, Google still is a corporation and does act like one of them in pactice. Meaning that when it comes to, e.g., internal re-Orgs or cuts on people, they don't consider the actual impact on employees, who, like myself, can be shifted from the role they were hired for to another role they would have never considered. During the reorg back in 2012 I didn't have any chance but to accept a new role which I never felt motivated for. Also, because of the huge competition, gaining visibility was more important than actual quality of work, in order to pursue career development.
Definitely not a startup anymore and you can start to feel the bureaucracy creeping in. Also, opportunities to really move up quickly are tougher to come by.
- Everything changes at a crazy pace (if your fine with that you will enjoy it)
Too many smart people around to push you to your boundary.
1, For this position, there is no (or very little) time to really enjoy the perks, and also very little flexibility with time/place (meaning, you have to be logged to your phone exactly on time, can't be a minute late even, and you can't work away from your desk). 2. Working extra hours becomes a must if you wish to just stay on your targets, and if you want to exceed them and get promoted - you either have to wait a long time (there is a queue..) or work even harder, or cheat (usually its a combination of all 3). 3. As the way that performance is being measured is far from being accurate, people do anything to get ahead, and that includes "playing" with the numbers to serve their needs. A Shame that this hasn't changed in the recent years and seems like it wont change in the future. 4. As targets and revenue goals are getting higher and harder - its easy to forget that there are actual people behind those numbers. But this is a hard task for Google, at least in this role. 5. sometimes the role changes as time goes by, and if that change is not something you like or enjoy doing, if you wont adopt - it will affect your career/promotion (meaning, you are forced to do things you did not sign up for initially, and then being criticized for not doing well at them).  All those things contribute to the demoralization of employees, and Google does that very well.
career progression is hard because no one leaves, most people are over qualified for their role. There is also a certain amount of intellectual arrogance
You always want to grow old with the same company
you need to be active to do things
Stressful: everything is about metrics, how much you do, how well you do it. You are compared to your teammates when it comes to performance review and you are told if you performed better than your team, average or below the rest of your team. The core job is repetitive and if you want to work on other roles you mostly have to do it extra hours, the teams are often stretched and you'll be on the phone 6-7 hours a day.
Opaque performance appraisal and wrongly skilled people-roles
Increasing hierarchy and structure limit freedom.
Everyone here is smart and talented!
org hierarchy goes through a lot re-structuring. promotions can be very political.
If you're not in Mountain View, career progression can be limited.
A LOT OF WORK AND PRESSURE
People management can be pretty brutal, especially in the way performance is managed. It leaves too much space for favouritism and can be hugely demoralising.
In certain areas, Google is getting slower and slower, political, process-heavy and quite hierarchical. Nothing compared to most companies, but not as fast as you'd wish. As a result, career progression can be slow.
There are pretty much no cons.
For the UK, it is only possible to work in London and while that makes sense for the business, I wouldn't be able to work for them again now I have moved away :-(
haven't came across yet... :)
It should give much better facilities to developer, and give full access to its upcoming technology.
little creativity allowed micro-management, tight control over processes hard to get promoted bureaucracy and general slowness the whole system of performance reviews promotes mediocrity and following procedures rather than innovation lots of talk, little action is a popular approach to work among employees (=lots of low performers that never get noticed)
Career progression slow Can be very invasive if you socialise extensively with your colleagues Dublin office opportunities lesser than local office opportunities
Some part of the management
Metrics are increasing quarterly, sometimes quite beyond the team capabilities, but because the team is stromd they are usually met.
I can say there are not lot many downsides for the company but, as there is very close competition between employee to employee the growth opportunities may be very few not reaching most of the employees which inturn reflecting the hikes.
Senior management. Too much politics.
Free food made me slightly fat and I am too lazy to use the free gym. Many great things happen in US, this make it difficult to get involved in them when working outside US. I am still working on great stuff, but have less choice.
No attention given to emerging markets
bigger and bigger, the benefit and composition is not so attractive than before.
so far, none worthy to be considered a con.
Nothing Nothing Nothing and Nothing
Could allow offices outside MtView to adapt strategy to local needs
Lack of pre placement information.
Little opportunity to gain management experience early on if you have no prior experience as a manager.
People, ability to influence the business, career path
lack of challenges, no career opportunities, bad management
company is getting bigger and more bureacratic 100% focus on product and making product the king
You have to reach $100 to receive a payment. Your job is not stable, no regularization. So it really depends on your website
For some teams, the structure is too flat so that the efficiency is not very good. Risk management is still very new to all the teams and still need lots of education efforts
... as long as productivity is there. Work life balance is possible, but you won't get promoted if you work "only" 40 hours a week.
No Work Life balance. Work on weekends. Salary is not up to the mark.
Lack of communication between management and employees
Long hours with many long tasks that may not release your creativity but overall good
- Could get slightly bureaucratic
Very smart team/people makes it hard to really stand out. Ever increasing company size leading to more middle management.
- work may not be that great (India operations ) - like any other organization a great deal depends on the kind of manager you get
very fast paced, constant change, too many opportunities sometimes confuse the employees, usually need to work in virtual teams which might be difficult for someone who is not used to video conferences
No cons really, the challenge is to keep the culture intact
hard work, huge workload and sometimes too challenge, maybe be overlooked
I do not think there are any cons compared to other medium-big companies.
While everyone is allowed to question the company's decisions, senior management are getting better at dodging them. Making a career for yourself can be very difficult unless you are exceedingly brilliant. There are a lot of very, very smart people here.
No retention at Google. Google is a performance driven company and if you don't perform or cannot catch up with others, you'll likely to be kept in the icebox.
Nothing as of now as I haven't completed atleast a year
- You acquire a lot of non-transferable skills
It's getting into "big corporation" mode. Although company wants to fight it, there is some red-tape. Also, on lower levels of organization, one can get lost in insignificant little things - working for manager who works for manager who works for manager ... etc, has it's toll.
poor career development, pulled to too many directions, poor middle management, very competitive if you want to get promoted, forget about work life balance.
None, as it's all relative and really depends on how you decide to take things.
- remote offices (ie. in Europe) are only sources for MTV to get Engineers from, they never get somewhat interesting or promising projects - remote offices live their own life and are not Google as it should be - so many cultural issues! - all workers are being discriminated by the colour of their badges - if you have a red one you will not be allowed to a Friday meeting and dishes and will never get any benefits as new year presents, massage, trips to Disneyland and even bonuses and kudos - very political organization - if you are not playing rude political games and just working hard forget about career at Google - if you've accomplished 120% of your targets you are a loser because the guy from other office did 121% - there's no work/life balance as you are tied to the office. You even do not have an opportunity to have your lunch outside because there are cafes and food points in the office. No personal life, only ambitious plans of your managers!
No organized approach to problems. No standardization in writing code. There is nothing as writing code as a team. Too much dependability on person for a tool. No collaboration among team members.
High competition and takes alot of time for you to get recognized.
There's still a glass ceiling for user experience and there may always be at Google. Data rules all decisions, no matter how auspicious it's origin. Also, like in distributed offices still feels remote and looks to be only be consolidating towards Mountain View. And work / life balance? No such thing.
- very high volume of work - very political, - talended people are not rewarded, - no careers opportunities - no life/balance (you need to go out every week to be promoted)
Sometimes working long hours can be a bit of a hassle
I am unable to recall any cons with this firm
Career growth is dicey, not too sure about the long-term. I've not been here long enough to comment on office politics though.
I have not found any cons
living in Ireland and that's it
You feel like a small cog in a big machine
there are no cons at Google
Is there Work Life balance?
Everybody wants to know what you're working on (secret). People ask personal google favors of you.
Hectic Schedule and maximum work load
Not very structured for growth
A lot of segregation amongst teams - maybe it's just me but it feels a bit too 'college-y' at times but I suppose that's a pro/con based on your individual tastes. Promotion routes can be a bit vague. Hard to maintain 'Work/Life Balance' but that's sales, right...
long term stay is a question due to office politics
can be very busy sometimes
No place for faint hearted
Payscale, regional movement, horizontal movement
Internally competitive as most of the employees are smart
No permanent contract, vendors do have the leadership on site
Sometimes management decisions and their motivations are not optimally clear. This could also be due to the rapid growth of the company and the number of projects.
Very discrete & hypothetical questions
- Office is too small. It is like working for a family-owned business, so include all the cons of that. - Many people quit or are laid-off in their first or second year. So think about that before moving your life to that city. There is no other relevant software company there. - Many extra hours. - Micro management. It was the only job I ever had that my manager came to my desk and complained that I was not typing. - Not much going on. Since the office is small, you don't have many projects to choose, if you could choose. - No mobility. It is the only Google office in Brazil to have software engineer positions. - Forget about 20% projects, unless you use your "free" time for that.
I don't really know of a con of working at Google. The only thing I can think of is that it is interesting to see how it is really run as an American company in a sense that there are some strict policy rules to uphold.
Nothing Can Say about Google...
Some people tend to get lost in work.
Balancing work life is a challenge. Looking for a cushy job this is not the place to be
it does not have any defects
Sometimes a bit political and can be a lot of travelling. Working long hours and work/life balance can be sometimes tricky
Big big place.. you may get ignored
Very competitive environment Slow promotion cycles Information overload
None that comes to the mind
If you don't have a phd, you would be writing naive code (its true)
Sometimes you might not get recognised for your efforts mainly if the management in charge doesn't understand very well the mechanics of the workflow
I'm very satisfied with Career Opportunities, Compensation & Benefits, Work/Life Balance, Culture & Values
worst idea to leave the place
Compensation for the non-engineering staff is below market standard.
Difficult to move internally, harder than expected Promotional cycles are more political than expected and tricky to navigate More politics in general than expected In the Sales Org side, too many managers are 'old-school' ad/media types which makes them very much an 'old boys club' and this doesn't mesh well with the Google culture itself.
well, working in a big and good company, it is very stressed to work on challenging problems. And since it is also hard to be promoted since a single person is not very important to a big company.
Serious dead bodies at certain offices. Some managers kind to older timers and allow harracement as long as you perform.
The problem is that most people in Dublin are far from home since this is the european HQ. The weather in Dublin doesn't help at all :)
Weak management Difficult to maintain work-life balance Too US-centric
work-life balance not existent if you don't watch out due to few hierarchy levels career development is tough
No cons. You need to google it to know cons :)
lobotomizing work (why hie ivy league graduates for monkey jobs ????). extremely heavy hierarchy, hidden under a country club coating. low pay.
not so good team members
None at the time I was there. Very positive organizational culture.
Nothing in particular. I have been working here for more than 5 years.
Work-life balance could be better. Sometimes extreme competition takes a toll on you.
Competitive Sometimes difficult to get promoted
No career path Lack of opportunities outside Mountain View Lower salary compared to SWE and SWET
- Slow career progression: it is more and more difficult to progress the career within the company as it becomes bigger. - Repetitive job: job may become repetitive after a short time.
The Google Maps project cannot be compared to the actual Google company. Employees are hired through agencies and there is no contract extension after 2 years (no exceptions). The food provided is limited though better than in other companies. I feel like the company uses your talents (leadership/attention to detail etc), gives you additional projects (=hope to get an extension, a lot of attention) and than lets you go without even blinking, replacing you with anybody else. This can be frustrating. Another con is the lack of flexibility reg. time management-you can never work back even 15 minutes.
Confined career ladder makes it difficult to think ahead.
Company is starting to loose it's start up roots. Starting to feel very corporate.
Work life balance Promotion takes a long time
- Getting harder to be in remote office with less oppurtunities
Difficult interview process, competitive environment.
1. Technologies used not applicable outside company
NO Cons to say,it is awesome
Very limited career opportunity in satellite offices, which however is not acknowledged by management.
Most intelligent coworkers you could ever imagine can lead to impostor syndrome. You need to be careful to balance your work and personal life, but the drive to sometimes work too hard comes from within when you work at Google, it's not something that's pushed on you by the company or colleagues.
Not much I can think of.
Becoming more bureaucratic as it grows larger. Cost cutting really seems to be targeted at the "little people", rather than execs who still seem to do what they want.
Google is honestly such a wonderful company, it will be hard to ever consider leaving. I'd advise Graduates who want to see more of the industry to learn their trade somewhere else, then work for the best!
Humility goes a long way at Google but there are still those that use traditional methods of advancement by trying to be the loudest voice or most long-winded in a room. I think this probably goes for most large companies no matter where you are.
It's a mess sometimes ... lack of
Monotonous work initially. Very little learning from the initial work. You need to get a new role before you can start learning more.
Questionable compensation strategy, poor individual org management
None, I had a great time at Google
As at any big company, there are political battles. Sometimes grungy engineering work gets ignored in the face of shinier/sexier stuff (but I would say that is well-known, hard to fix, and actively being worked on).
Very corporate. Work is often unfulfilling
You get lots of questions about working at Google.
Process oriented Little scope to experiment
long hours may affect work life balance
There are not many opportunities for technical roles in this office, but this depends on specific offices. The base salary is not exciting, compared to other offers you can get from competitors.
They've become puppets of the corporate culture of the bottom line mentality at cost to their clients. All they do now is fight legal battles and gouge clients budgets. Sad. Lots of turnover there. If you don't do what they want-they let you go-even if it's unethical.
Need to put a lot of hours if you want to get promoted fast
Very difficult to get job
- Company is getting big and this is stifling innovation. - Too many metrics in place to measure success
Unclear career progression, huge firm so little chance of rising through the ranks, employees pitted against each other, questionable hiring decisions (especially at management level), unclear policies, competitive atmosphere, middle management brought in (usually) from outside Google and don't always understand/fit the culture
Promotion process quite unfair Bureaucracy Politics Lack of design spirit
- None, I am absolutely satisfied!
* Not many projects to choose from * Hard to grow after reaching a certain level
Environment was great when I joined in early 2007, although everything changed with time. Management stop listening. Coworkers started backstabbing. I felt like I was producing fried air.
I wish the salary was slightly higher, but overall, I very much enjoy working at Google.
It can sometimes get very busy and there is not enough resources to work on everything that needs to be done.
work-life balance, hierarchy, inconsistent leadership
innovation jungle which is good and bad
Too short of an internship to comment.
Slow growth in terms of roles, It's hard to fill in this space with 20 words as there are not many cons. career development is the only area where I feel they should make some changes.
Very competitive - can be hard for career progression Engineering outside the US can be challenging
Career management is non-existent. Expect to have reviews where - despite having surpassed all set targets - you get told that you didn't do enough to best the best guy in the team, and therefore you can wait a bit before you can receive promotions.
some functions can be bureaucratic, but overall still a very nimble co given its size
Once people enter Google, after entering straight out of undergraduate college, they believe that they have achieved a big feat and get high on attitude and relax too much and messes up the culture a bit, but that's okay.
Not for those who aren't willing to give it 110% and work hard for it. Work-life balance isn't impossible, but you have to be extremely efficient and effective in order to achieve some degree of balance.
Can not think of many cons. Location maybe as I prefered other city. I find less scope for research oriented work
Very hard to get promoted.
Google doesn't really seem to understand UX. Design decisions are often made by committee and based on technology or what the VP likes. The UX designer then gets the job of painting the pixels. There's also little understanding of the different roles within UX (visual designer, interaction designer, researcher). I find the work very simple and repetitive do miss the more interesting bits of UX design (conceptual, strategical work)
Bureaucracy Government Like Innovation Shrinking
Bureaucracy creeping in with the big size you have to be really good to really stand out coz everyone is good
Beyond a point in time there is stagnation in career as vertical movement is less.
Can be chaotic, but often in a generative way. Its superb internal expertise can make it slightly arrogent in its views to the outside world.
No Cons :) Its been absolutely amazing!!
Death by Powerpoint, somewhat slow moving. As the company has been on a crest of a wave it feels sometimes that there is not really much point to the work. The best things about the company are also the worst things about it, in that there is a lot of waste of time and money.
nothing... do well with simple coding skills
If you work in a remote location and end up in a project that is not a fit for you, there is not many oportunities to move to another project.
No proper salary hikes and promotions there is no growthy in career
Work & Life balance, office locations
No career track, slow career advancement, wrong person for the wrong job
- Sales is cock-up - Management is appalling, with few exceptions - They manage to make every job in Sales unnecessarily boring and stressful - Career and promotion feel like gambling - Professional growth is very difficult, since your manager is usually not very clever
Pro + Con: sometimes levels needed for Career, sometimes not. Big company has always the challenge to make you just a one of many.
Too much red tape and political games
An excessive email culture - so many emails!
some manager don't fit for the role. Weak Management style.
people work inefficient, since the company is too big, you will find you are very small. And there is some office politics there. make you feel depressed.
With all the smart people around it's not that easy to get promoted.
You're never really off the clock - I get emails past midnight and can't get away with not checking email at night or on the weekends.  It's also becoming more hierarchical and top down. There is far less of that start-up spirit than when the company was younger.  Size - with so many employees, it's easy to feel like one of the many minions.
Not many opportunities except in headquarter offices.
Hard to juggle work with a family
- When you work at the topmost company that is already successful, you miss the chance to work in a start-up environment
It actually has none as far as I could find. You name anything and Google had already thought of it and worked upon it.
I did not feel there were any
Difficult to get a promotion (you may get frustrated after a while), often have to work late, working from home is rarely an option, not so many career opportunities outside Mountain View, the most interesting projects are focused there.
Cant think of any right now
- the warm and friendly corporate culture has dwindled to resemble the more typical corporate culture with underhanded politics and favoritism being the keys to success - work / life balance could be better. a lot of times there is peer pressure to be constantly working or give off the perception that one is always on the clock. the company does provide a laptop, cell phone and pay for your home internet (which is obviously great) but it is also to enable this sort of mentality
- Like any large company, there's some degree of bureaucracy - It can be a bit more difficult to impact the organization when working outside of Mountain View
Changes too fast. culture fading away. Dublin no longer the hub for the sales team
Most of the Workforce is very young
the process of performance review might be more transparent. It is also highly dependent on your manager, which can be a positive and negative aspect at the same time. Role of an AdWords associate is prone to routine after certain period of time.
I am not sure, because this company strong
Misuse and Manipulation of search results, Privacy, Copyright, and Censorship.
Not too many really to Say
I thought the culture was a little alpha-male dominant and could edge out the quieter types. Depending on your manager there could be very little interest in your promotions, etc.
Monotonous work process. The process in itself is not very dynamic.
Too many freebies, one get too used to it :)
Easy to get caught up in bureaucracy. Not being based in California can be an issue.
People tend to stay here for many hours of the week, since there are so many reasons to stay
Getting too big, lots of politics, and limited career paths for non-technical or non-engineering folks.
Honestly can't think of any..
In my experience, I haven't come across any cons as Google really do take care of their employees. The work can be hard sometimes but I like challenges!
You process over 10x as much email as you otherwise would with another company. I view this as a pretty fun challenge but I know it can bury some people. It isn't unheard of to have ~5-10K+ unread emails in a box...all somehow seeming urgent.  With 50K+ employees, it can be tough to navigate the structure when seeking an answer. People rotate through teams often and this means you have to be very resourceful and sharp to solve challenges in cross-product-team scenarios.  Thought it's fun and exciting to work here, you may find yourself looking at the clock to notice that you've been at work for 12 hours. I suppose this says something good about the desire to be there without counting the hours away, but takes its toll on your social & personal life schedule if you're not careful to balance it well.
only sales career unless you have engineering degree too much burocracy very poor middle management too much internal politics
Company is too successful, people get complacent, increasingly engineers that need to be told what to do.
Turning into a larger, more mature organisation, some less important or smaller projects are often cancelled, harder to start up new innovative projects.
differentiation between the full timers and part timers salary compensation breaking structure not so rewarding politics between the employers and favoritism towards certain employees needs to be minimised
I really can't think of anything. There may be times where you feel the work isn't right for you, but it's big enough that you're able to move to a project and location that suits you.
Too much of a stress on technology, non tech guys might feel dissapointed.. it is a tech company, so non tech jobs may feel a bit unvalued for at times.
Smart teammates can be intimidating, the company has grown quite large and it's difficult to communicate across the org, transferring teams is much more difficult than it used to be.
Peer pressure as promotion cycle is extremely regulated and you get quarterly ratings based on performance.
Frequent re-organizations Not much importance to remote offices
Overqualified for very basic jobs. They act fussy about recruitment but still don't provide anything challenging to entry level employees in the sales and adwords department at least in the Indian office. Also the perks don't make up for the poor take home salary.
A lot of great people around you. The company has grown quite big by now. So you have to work really hard for promotions. If it can be considered a con, the overwhelming variety of great food around you makes it very tough to control westline :)
Work can get stressful sometimes and you have to slog it out inorder to get a promotion/bonus.
Too many product closure. Less Visibility
Nothing that I can think off.
ppl have sometimes complained a bit abt the management, or about the salaries (AdWords salaries) or about
Change is constant at Google. We hire people who are flexible, but not all react well to change.
Small fish, big pond, maturing company.
Absolutely no work life balance. Deteriorating health conditions thereafter.
Always need to be on top of your game Can never slack
Overweening arrogance, pervasive not-invented-here syndrome, limited range of positions.
None that I can think of right now
Mostly natural consequences of being in a large company. There's lots of politics, processes and bureaucracy. Different groups manage in different ways - be sure you know and are comfortable with the metrics used in the group you're talking to. If you don't agree with them, you probably won't enjoy being here.
There are no cons in specific.
you really need to work hard to sustain.and you must be thorough with your engineering skills.very competitive enviornment.
No paid overtime work life balance can be difficult to maintain Advancement is very arbitrary depending on manager
Large company mars innovation, sales teams far from engineering teams
The job contents is very much routine driven and as such can get very boring after a while (as somebody else already stated, Dublin is a glorified call centre). Targets improve every quarter resulting in a constant sales pressure.  Given that Google is the absolute market leader by miles, they don't really care about their customers (except if you are a very big one like Coca Cola). For people in customer-facing roles this is very frustrating. If Google would treat its customers only half as good as their employees, it would already be a massive improvement.  You need to be very flexible since there are constant reorganisations. Changing desk locations, teams or team leaders multiple teams per quarter is no exception.  A lot of people are very career driven and only focused on achieving targets, resulting in a tense atmosphere (co-workers are often seen as competitors for promotion instead of colleagues).
not too good IT, high targets one must fullfill in order to get a decent salary
Job profile is not great
Not easy to develop one's career in remote offices. Remote offices are very restricted recently.
becoming too big and corporation like. there is not as much innovation as before.
little mobility between the different offices
Frustrating because everything must be created from scratch. Experience is often seen as a handicap, because everyone at Google is smarter than everyone else on Earth and therefore whatever was done before is inferior.
Basic compensation is poor.Compensation goes by Industry benchmarking, which isn't a great metric to judge simply because the online industry doesn't have a wider market yet
- Cult-like mentality - Regional offices get little recognition / respect - Overseas offices are disconnected from HQ which can create toxic, "clannish" environments - Calibre of overseas employees is generally weaker - Promotion is difficult to come by and relies on self-branding - Weak middle and upper management - more managers care about advancing themselves versus advancing their team members - Few career opportunities
Low chances of growth after a point
Stiff Competition, slow growth and flat hierarchy.
Challenging career development, challenging business goals.
Remote office, less opportunity to work on next big thing.
But then...if you're looking to grow beyond a point, and not be invlovled in crazy office politics or want salaries that are up to the mark according to industry standards...you shouldn't be here. Yes, they pamper you. So much so that you forget that professionally you're probably not doing much at all. But that only lasts, 2..3...or even 4 years. Before you realize what is really happening.
Getting bigger, and move slower
Sometimes a limited access to operations and no compatibility between teams I feel..which are interconnected in a project.
Extremely poor management structure. Years ago, managers would work with you to further your career, and encourage professional growth. Now, you can barely get a "meet expectations", when you don't even know what those expectations are, since they are constantly changing, often without the employee knowing. Absolutely no guidance, mentoring, or pro active advice ... almost feels like they want you to fail, and do what they can to facilitate it. Also, far, far too much nepotism in upper management...it's like they are in the "Cool kids Club", and those not in management are outcasts, especially those who have been there much longer than they have.
long hours urban jungle type feel can get overwhelming
constant reorganizations create high stress levels, also, there is a lot of red tape and double think going on so heightens the need to be politically aware.
An Indian management which believes in following diktats from California and does not have the guts to challenge them, an appraisal system which is opaque and biased towards yes men and women and based on everything else apart from performance. An HR system which gives more credence to brand than to talent and where only one talent rules - communication skills.
The potential of grow in Google is limited since the progress is tend to slow recently.
None Everything is good But still can work on vendor management
1. Everybody is very very career focused, they mostly dont have any other aspiration in life. So they spent a lot of hour in office. And it creates tremendous peer pressure. 2. 80% of the current employee are college hires in last 1/2/3 years. Also there are lots of food and facilities in office, so they spent days and nights in office, even weekends. 3. If you want a stable work pressure, with stable work life balance, and other interest than the job, this is not your place for sure. 4. If you have 5-10 years of experience, and want to join Google, as your career pick, it will be hard to sustain it, coz if you think you will spend stable work hours, and dont need promotion etc, you will be odd man out, and your feedbacks will be bad. 5. Middle management is not that efficient, they all hired/get promoted because they are all great developers, now managing different people, getting most out of them, etc are not their cup of tea.
They might neglect you sometimes because of work load.
My experience here is limited, but most of the people I know who started around the same time as me have identical complaints: Google doesn't want thinkers for the majority of their engineers, they want short-order cooks and yes-men. In all my career, the only place I've worked that was even comparable to Google was Wells Fargo (which was a ridiculously unfulfilling place to work as an engineer).  Additionally, the culture at Google is very snobby compared to other places I've worked. Managers love to reiterate lines like "we hire the smartest people in the world", and a lot of people seem to eat it up. One could argue that this is harmless placating, but the level of groupthink present all over the organization is appalling. Many even consider "not invented here" a legitimate reason to build something from scratch, even when there's more robust free software out there (I've been pressured into doing this several times, since the approval process for 3rd party code is so painstakingly bureaucratic).  Lastly, I don't feel valued, respected, or even acknowledged by managers. I end up working nights and weekends every week because of clear organizational mistakes being made by managers or other teams. I have been told personally by a manager that a reason for me being pigeonholed into a role I hated was because I didn't go to a top tier school (since another placation they often throw around is that Google is way harder to get into than an Ivy League school, this does once again seem irrelevant). The worst part is that most people don't listen about these things, the times I've told people that we are underorganized and it's going to cause problems later, the general response is to ignore it and/or not be proactive.
you have to work very hard.It is very hard to find out spare time for yourself.
1. Slowing moving towards bureaucracy 2. In India Indian managers are after all Indian so Google US/EU/AUS is much better than India.
Sometimes too much work pressure..
Hard to get promoted. Getting a bit more hierarchical and less of the great atmosphere it used to have.
slow growth is the only con
Compensation could be better at initial levels
Still need more transparency in the system
Not any that I know of.
Do not take action timely and corrective action against management.
very hard to earn some pennies
Working in Google for 80% of the time felt like working in a factory, churning out the same work day after day, being programmed in to what to say or do and not using always putting the long term thoughts of clients/relationship with clients at the heart. Short term targets do not always win (in my opinion).
The reward system is strongly biased toward 'launches', i.e. new features, new products. You can't get promoted by doing incremental improvements. But there is only so much new features/products really worth doing...So if you are the kind of person who likes to fix bugs, refactor bad code instead of inventing useless new features, this may not be the best place for you.
extremely competitive environment, not for the faint hearted
- The frills can spoil you! One should try to maintain a balance while availing them.
Google might not be the right place for you if you don't know how to navigate ambiguity and get things done with minimal oversight. Need to be able to influence across functions.
Lot of de-frag in remote sites
Hard to progress further within the company. Work is repetitive and biased ratings. Poor middle management. Too much pressure resulting in bad work/life balance.
Indian setup is looked as a BPO/KPO
the work is not very satisfying. No job satisfaction. The brain gets jammed from not working.
The interviews focus on algorithms so you need to spend a lot of time preparing for that.
Starting salary is low, but increases over time
The product that we were working on at our startup was shutdown. Assimilated to other parts of the firm where it definitely felt like a big corporation with little ownership and plenty of politics.
Google has a hard time delegating responsibility to remote offices. Projects started abroad would consistently be pulled into Mountain View as soon as they showed signs of success. This did not work well for remote employees who were left marginalised and unrewarded for their efforts.
timings are very ackword and irritating
- compensation - growth - evaluation - rewards
Sometimes a little TOO fun at work.
too much of unnecessary options..
very distributed teams, very high standards
sometimes monotonous makes you unfit for other organizations. lots of benefits
too much email, perhaps over competitiveness, invisible middle management (for me), too much hierarchy (in some areas), international offices not prioritised
Its run like a start up so it can be chaotic at times. Departments are spread way too thin as we had to cancel really nice projects because the workload would become unacceptably high (for Google norms).
Career progression can be tough to get Some cocky coworkers who think they are the best Work can be repetitive and not particularly challenging
I cannot think of any cons over the top of my head at the moment but there have been very few moments where something didn't go/happen as I expected. The cross all your expectations most of the time. Employee satisfation is very important to them
Eventhough they try very hard to allow for geographical movements for employees, it is not always easy to get a posting out of your country. It is more true for employees working in the Asia region, to move to Europe. Sometimes you need a strong manager to recommend you and enable you to take up a role you covet.
Some parts of the company have a frantic work pace to the extent of being permanently stressful Engineering driven company, which is a con in that other job roles need to define and figure out how they fit in the development process User experience especially research is not uniformly baked in the process. I feel I have spent a lot of time explaining to people what I can do for them
It's a large company, not a startup.
Sometimes a lot of work
Brand name company, learning opportunity from colleagues they are all very smart and talented, great working environment. good company in general.
No real cons that I can point out. Large projects mean you can feel like an insignificant cog in the machine.
Management, Salary Compensation, vendor contractors,
Politics are too much in some groups. Some people in the management form an opinion about some members of the team without knowing them.
Too big to be flexible
Since Larry became CEO, things have changed. Things have become more and more top-down and even the SVPs have assumed "dictatorial" role. Starting anything new requires approval, distributed offices are treated like filth.
1) Too huge a company.
time mainly shift timing starting
Progressing in the career may be a lengthy process. Sometimes you're better off leaving to another company to get work experience and try to return later to Google to get hired into a higher position.
I think there are so many layers of middle management that it's impossible to feel connected to the top. Especially if you aren't in the US, which is where most the exciting stuff happens. There is constant restructuring and it's not clear how the goals of management trickle down. They claim to be a flat company but I'm not convinced.
Lack or order Everything decided essentially by "committee vote" over email
high competitive environment Up to down decisions and organisation structure Expectation of success on these up to down decisions without localizing them.
sucky management. blundering planning processes fell apart. lots of finger pointing
Outdated propriety stack NIH syndrom No customer focus Lack of accountability
- No career prospects unless you're already at a very senior role or you want to follow the "managerial path" -- not all people are tailored (or want) to be people's managers (only 34% of my former managers were), hence the bad reputation around middle-management, - Increasing workload as you progress in the role... ... which makes it hard to keep a work-life balance, specially when you're working across different time zones, - Given the extra hours you need to put in to do all the work, not so competitive compensation package after all... - Not so glamorous work for most people (Dublin is mostly a glorified call center), - Insane workload every couple of quarters, around each review cycle, - Too many unhealthy snacks around...
Highly stressful environment, long hours
Interview process could be better
Lower growth potential, lack of work life balance
Long hours, not very structured
Unprofessional. Poor leadership. No career growth. Poor planning. Unstructured. No rewards or acknowledgment for doing good work.
Clicks!! A bunch of geeks who have no idea how to handle "Real Life" issues. Procedures are very monotonous. My day consist of filling out the same form 5 different ways which takes up about 3/4 of my 8 hour shift. Never have I seen such inexperienced management get paid for doing nothing.
very competitive, there are some free riders from early years
Some of the downsides to working at Google are that it's not as exciting as a job as one might think.
It is a 30K people company now. Hiring too fast.
Some managers are better than others
very brand conscious. They go only to the so called best schools/colleges thus missing out on some real geeks out there in the open
More political environment Additional bureaucratic processes, loss of start up mentality. Only focus on revenue Lack of career development High employee churn
long work hours and tough dead lines!
Well, we have some first world problems. I don't see mountains from my window. And sometimes there is no flavorless cottage cheese and I need to eat onion one, which I don't like.
Favouritism, politics, scale, not a startup anymore
In my case, lack of recognition of the results obtained
- career progression opportunities are close to zero - some people that started there many years ago just hold on to their roles and it's hard for the newcomers to prove they are potentially better
boring job impossible have a carrier treat as second level google employee
Too many smart people, so it's hard to get promoted, especially in remote offices. It's hard, really hard, and challenging.
Can be unappreciated at times. The lack of processes can be frustrating at times.
getting a bit bit which means more and more restrictions are in place for movement and growth, but still not as bad as other places.
Hearing from them takes forever.
The staffing organization does not feel like it's part of the rest of the campus. The company is too large to really feel like your contributions are noticed. Processes are already set in place so there isn't really much room for any creative approach to recruiting.
I have seen really bad examples of middle management… great contrast with the potential in younger people Politics are more important than work… you would not expect it in this company (only me?) Innovation? depending on what you do… Your progress depends on favoritism, that reflects in your ratings, that make it possible for you to progress… you can have great ratings if your manager likes you, even if your performance is not that good If you are not in the right project, you get no visibility Growing size leads to difficulty in taking quick decisions Performance ratings are not always fair. For example, if you get a promotion you definitely can't get a good rating next quarter There is not an impartial HR representative in case you have problems with your manager Very often over qualified people for basic positions, and lack of possibilities to change - make sure you know what you will do before joining! Work/life balance depending on your manager - was not able to play fussball in months (yes, I am motivated, but don't want to work on weekends to get a promotion) Managers find metrics that make no sense and measure the team on a curve they themselves could never meet. New learning for me: not only pro-motion but de-motion as well exists Referral system not clear: referred bright people that could not get hired
Slowly becoming a corporation like Microsoft.
Internal communication between teams can be challenging
long hours. can be draining at times
Bias towards quick and dirty solutions. Lack of understanding that the target user is not a software engineer at google.
you cannot focus on the actual work cos reorgs are happening all the time, everything is so disorganized and chaotic.
Things get done kind of slowly.
The management und processes sometimes seem to be a unstructured. The promotion process is usually very formal and inflexible.
There are frequent organizational and/or structural changes within the organization.
Work is myopic for the talent level they demand, very political environment. Not the company it was n 2005
Hard work if you are not based in MTV (this may not be the case if you are not in engineering)
huge workload and the boos sometimes overlook empolyee's feeling
The rate of change can upset people, nothing is constant. If you think you are making progress on your project, it's time to receive an email about deprecating an old database API or requiring every product to integrate the latest greatest security technology.  Because the company has shown it can completely change direction very quickly, many people desire such changes, even when they may not be needed.  Hiring relies on strongly on non-biased interviewing (the worst predictor of future performance). A desire to keep things 'fair' means people hoping to work in Google can often get a poor experience. I don't like referring people to work here - even though I know they'll kick ass at the job, my opinion is deemed too subjective to be useful.
Company is growing bigger and bigger and getting problems of a big company - complicated and segmented processes preventing fast movement.
If you care about your professional relationships more than computing then go work somewhere else because many people you'll meet there are brainwashed beyond recovery and in the long run it's hard to put up with. Career opportunities are a myth.
Difficult to get in as it is very competitive.
the promotion system is truncated as the metrics used are not performance based, this is a shame for a company that promotes performance
career stagnation is a possibility no growth vertically
company is big, communication sucks
the company is becoming too big, and middle management is not as good as top
many fresh-out-of-college kids who think they know more than they do. geeks without any edge. little room for growth.
none thqt i can think of
there are almost no downsides, except that it is now a big company so there are a lot of processes and procedures that need to be followed at time, although management try really hard to make these as efficient and painless as possible
work life balance. they work you very hard
there is nothing negative at google. Just everybody is pretty smart
If you really want to have some downsides, there are 1) large company, the system is mature, you rarely have chance to play an important role in rebuilding the system, 2) hard to be promoted after senior, like a rest point
There are if you think but it's best (not one of) company to work for need to be competitive & think ahead as there are best brains you are competing with.
lots of traffic to arrive
- Sometimes a bit chaotic.
everyday there is different problems to solve. need good skills on problem solving
Salary is sometimes not that competitive Promotion takes time as its a huge company now If you are in direct sales and you love interacting with clients on an every day basis then your job role will be quite interesting! In Online sales job responsibilities are not that exciting at times.
Some very pushy, self important individuals Getting more formal and corporate in outlook, particularly London office Very little informal game playing or fun etc, too competitive for people to take a break Will take up all your time if you let it Hires externally at the higher levels - a lot of unsatisfied people at the middle levels who will never rise any further Leaves you quite untrained / unqualified for roles outside the internet ads industry - unsupportive of recognized professional qualifications outside of MBAs
It isn't very organized or clean. There aren't very many bathrooms and the bathrooms they do have are always full or being used.
Large employee base Hard to standout and get promoted
-Middle management in the sales side of things needs a major revamp. Absolutely no regard for career development, work-life balance. Faulty and biased performance appraisal. Extremely non-Googley. The middle management lacks in people development skills and are too busy trying to push themselves up to bother about their reports. No recognition for rewards in the sales teams and as long as you are in the favored circle of the manager, your career is made.  -While senior leadership in MV is extremely supportive of feedback, speak out to your local leaderhsip and you ring the death knell of your career at Google.  -The sales side is turning into a nightmare with the sales HR in turn unable to turn things around or raise critical employee issues and thus resort to delivering lip service to employees. The senior leadership in MV needs to take a serious look into this.
Very difficult to work with all the geniuses around you...algorithms have to be on your fingertips...lots of competition
Management is sometimes a little disconnected and the bi-coastal structure sometimes makes it hard to collaborate effectively and move forwards with projects.
If you're not an engineer, there are much fewer career advancement opportunities. It is really easy to gain weight with all the delicious food.
none that are worth publicly complaining about
need to be more transparent
- Poor on boarding - In experienced work colleagues - Poor management - too many meetings
rudderless career management too many focus area constant re-org Can feel a little overwhelming at times. If you're someone that doesn't enjoy being a part of a large group or if you prefer working in very small, intimate teams, then Google may not be your best choice.
not many cons, they make it hard to leave work, huge place to work
too much time spent on work, sometimes too much time thinking of work even when you're out.
Work culture is very different from the US offices where you have a lot of flexibility in work. Bad work-life balance.
- Many engineers have little interest in or don't understand business issues. They'd rather work on tough technical issues than solve real problems. Senior leadership doesn't seem to mind. - Many product managers are totally incompetent (especially those fresh out of school) and often do more harm than good. - Unless you work in PM or Eng, you are basically invisible. - Non-Eng/PM Google is not a meritocracy: Unless you are really good at marketing yourself, you will get promoted on the same timeline as everyone else (about once every two years), regardless of how good or bad your work is. However, masters of self-promotion can advance fast w/o accomplishing anything meaningful.
-Lack of quality managers -Little recognition
Can feel a little overwhelming at times. If you're someone that doesn't enjoy being a part of a large group or if you prefer working in very small, intimate teams, then Google may not be your best choice.
Middle order managers, not enough scope to move teams
Hectic, Schedule, lucrative salary, but slow
Too little order at Google.
rudderless career management too many focus area constant re-org
Long hours: It depends on the individual, but it's easy to feel that you need to produce more and ending up selling yourself short. The work involves a lot of time wasting "archaeology" - sifting through wikis, code labs and other people's code figuring out what is the latest recommended way to do something that sounds boiler-plate and obvious, so it's easy to feel unproductive at times. Also, the availability of free food, gym, etc. on campus and the plenty of fun distractions on its corp network make it easy to spend more time there.  Hard to be visible and make an impact. Visibility and Impact are the economy by which software engineers are measured, and they are becoming harder to come by. I feel that most joining now are likely to end up being just a number: average (in Google standards) impact and zero visibility, irrespective of how much of a rock star they were in their previous jobs.  It's becoming more and more the target of lawsuits, which basically means that legal fees will continue to cut a larger share of its revenues. In general, operating margins have been decreasing, although they are still amazing. I'm not saying that legal fees are the reason for decreasing operating margins. Google is investing heavily (in new hires, acquisitions, etc) and any benefits from this spike in investment will take some time to catch up with the costs, and there is no guarantee that they ever will.  I am a relatively recent (post-recession) hire, and after way over a year on the job I still feel that I am evaluating Google and wondering whether I can have a career here, which is not a good sign. Compared to previous jobs, I feel less recognized, having to work more, less proud of my work, and being more conscious on the effect that specific projects will have on my career instead of just doing what is right for the users/company. It is not that I am less smart/capable/experienced than others, it's just that the opportunities are less compared to someone who joined earlier. The work is not the most interesting I ever done, but it is OK and gives me the opportunity to expand my technical breadth. If this is all Google needs from me, then I am likely to move on, more sooner than later, and if this is a common experience of the relatively recent hires then the smartest and the brightest will not be flocking to Google anymore. Nothing particularly wrong with Google, I assume that's part of a company's normal progression from start-up to behemoth, and I still recommend giving Google a try, especially for new grads as it can be a good place to jump-start an engineering career. Just keep an eye on what you're getting out of your work and don't let the perks distract you from the bigger picture.
I believe there are None
None found in my experience
Well Google is attracting all the A level people so be ready to cpmpete harshly in order to get a promotion and a decent job.
The process of recruitment goes through various stages and can be very tedious and frustrating at times. They need to make it more clear.
too many ppl now. some of the teams move slowly. many star engineers leave the company already compensation is just ok for strong swes.
Large corporation so sometimes feel like just a number
The mountian view didn't give enough support to Google Beijing. The policy and culture of Google limit its growth in China.
Working on outside fun projects outside Google can be difficult due to the fact that the company's research interests are all over the map, causing things you do in your own time to potentially be subject to the company's copyright even if you never relied upon resources from work to accomplish them.
evaluation process management HR all about covering Google, not supporting employee
There are two moderately negative aspects of working at Google, one being that the work tends to become your life! You will often find yourself working until long after you were to have been off the clock, however this is normally due to the love of the job. Another nitpick is that when they're done with a position or location, options become very limited at an unfavorable rate if you aren't in a California site.
Too many overachievers and "type A" personalities all fighting for the next big thing. The company has grown so much that competition is greater thus limiting advancement. Lots of very junior and inexperienced managers who were great individual contributors that got promoted to be managers. Also not much support from upper management to grow.
Salary is lesser than what i want it to be. Even with recent salary hikes, i feel that working in remote offices is not beneficial.
Becoming a "Big Corporation". Slow production speed.
entry level jobs lack responsibility but all in all a good place to work. Pay could be increased but great benefits make up.
location placement was not to my preference
- Middle Managament - A lot of smart people - It´s too big. - Few career advancement opportunities. - Too much stress full
Getting increasingly bureaucratic, regional teams are not empowered as much as the headquarters in terms of decision making, therefore roles at regional levels have limited in scope.
Lots of jobs on offer. Important to choose the right profile
Middle management is huge and intrusive.
I did not have many negative factors affect my work at Google. My pay was maybe as little lower than with other companies, but that's me maybe being greedy.
While at google I noticed that the company is becoming just like any other big company, it used to be ran like a university where people worked together and learned from each other.
Not much to say, very great environment
It is all about who is your manager, and as Google now loosing great people to facebook they are dont have as agreat people as they used to which creats so much politics that you cant believe.
very fast paced environment, loads of projects running simultaneously, product is develped very quickly, sometimes the field sales teams hear about a new feature in the field from a client.
tradeoffs with personal life, backstabbing for promotions
Employees are spoiled children, more concerned about whether they are getting cupcakes in the afternoon than with career development or receiving useful feedback. Middle managers in Sales are useless: no decision power, no direct business involvement. Promotions have ground to a halt at Google. Curve-based calibration of employees' performance assures nobody is ever rewarded for good performance. Most new employees can expect "Meet expectations' feedback for at least a year. Low-performers are never punished and outlast good performers. Company is losing talent fast.
You end up working on some internal projects which might be very challenging but do not let you satisfy the startup spark in you
You begin to feel like a big fish in a small pond because there are so many people that work at this company. It is hard to do your own thing and make a big impact.
Non-competitive salaries depending on the department
A degree of management naiveté, restrictive hiring practices
Company policy, not that fun when you working, pressure, dead line, pushing, sometime you have to give up some life for the work
The work is always not important enough.
lot of beracracy in this env
Too large to actually accomplish significant things depending on your role.
The company is not very agile and it takes a lot to get features rolled out as soon as possible.
easy to feel lost, no work life balance, people are too cocky because they work there, no room for advancement
Under paid, over worked, hard to move up on the business side without an MBA
It is a big company and therefore, everybody does very detailed work and the work is just a little piece of the whole project. Learning things is slow than in a small company.
Not much guidance in terms of professional development, so the incentive is upon the individual to seek out mentors and guidance on his or her own.
My job here is definitely an intense commitment. My average work week is probably around 60 hours, and is occasionally longer still. That being said, nobody here is pressuring me to work this hard. Results get respect around here, though, so be prepared to achieve them one way or another.
Expected to work very hard (poor work/life balance).
At times the hours are very stressful
The feeling that the company is working on too many things.
Give engineers more capability to influence product development and product marketing. Middle management is really redundant. It seems that a lot of directors ' main function is to serve as costly email routers. Hope that Google can be lean again!
Google is already a big company, mature. If you join at this moment. you may not get too many stock options.
- Too many promoted for how they promote themselves not for what they do or add. - A focus on cutting the bottom 5% "just because" - Hiring at a level above the actual job requirements which means people are working below their capabilities. - Lots of lazy people who can do so because they have been there long enough -
handful of our middle managers, not enough recognition, poor feedback, job can be repetitive.
There's a very strong focus on visibility on a team. Sometimes you could find yourself doing something for the sake of visibility - not it's usefulness.
too intellectual community, peer pressure
Horrible work-life balance. People inside the company tend to say its up to one person to have a balance. However true, there's lots of pressure and workload and its tough to handle.  After 3-4 years you don't learn anything new and the job is routine-like.  The company is getting bigger and promotions are very hard to obtain, specially as most people in the company are top performers.
While well run, Google is still an enormous company. While bureaucracy is kept at a minimum, Google is definitely no longer what it used to be in terms of a startup-like environment.
As the size grows, policities start to kick in. There are people (thankfully, only a few) who talk the talk but not walk the walk that are fast-track in the promotion.
heavy work pressure. A lot of expectations from manager, peer, and subordinates.
Limited freedom. 20% time is nonsense because it is not implemented. Middle management is inefficient. This is getting worse as the organization is growing in size.
too much pressure need to work over time benefit is not as good as before cancel some projects since they are not promising
Sometimes it can take too long to be promoted or get where you want to go. Company is also turning more corporate away from the start up mentality. Very centralized decision making makes it difficult to get things done locally.
The intern-ship programme could be a bit more organised. Also it takes ages for Google HR to react to anything esp. the recruiting process takes too long.
At the end of the day it is a corporation, even on smaller projects there is red tape.
Google is very set in it's ways about a few things making it hard to do certain things which can be frustrating.
Google has very high expectations and hours.
There's a ton of folks trying to climb up the corporate ladder and you tend to get frustrated if you dont get promoted during the promotion cycle.
- Promotion system - Jerks tolerated by management - Work/life balance
Long work hours, poor middle management
Lack of structure and direction can cause stress. The freedom can work to your disadvantage. Constantly need to reinvent yourself.
If you work very hard but are not among the top 10% then it is very difficult for you to get promoted. It is getting more and more bureaucratic.
Too many managers from Microsoft who brought their own culture to the company. Too many mid level managers who have now more or less made the top management inaccessible
decision making process, promotions, internal mobility and availability of job positions in the US headquarter in Mountain View
The main negative that I noticed, which probably just simply depends on your goals is that although it's a positive to be at such a giant company, that can also serve to be difficult for advancement.
It was hard to keep up with the over achieving personalities and keep up with the fast pace of the new hires.
not sure what I should do each day. Just guess what I need to do I have to consider market
Severe caste system: be an engineer or be nobody, and there are ranks within engineering. Quarterly semi-secret stack-ranking system, goal of getting rid of the bottom 5% every year. (Sound like Microsoft? Yup.) Bi-annual self- and peer evaluations. In short, the promotion and evaluation process is exhausting, neverending, and notoriously unfair. If you work in a "distributed office" (outside Mountain View) prepare to be seriously out of the loop and to have limited access to the cool projects and the ones that can build your career. The company used to be just as adorable as its publicity. Now it is so big that it can't be.  By this point (2010) Sergey and Larry are completely clueless about actual life at the company and the open-questions meetings consist of somebody asking a serious question, Sergey making a joke, and the question dangling unanswered. When you hear someone bring up a serious personnel problem, it's either too confidential to discuss or it couldn't really have happened.  The famous "20% project" where you get one day a week to work on projects you dream up yourself is openly admitted by senior executives to mean "work you do on the weekend", not "work you do on Friday".  Do NOT depend on the legendary day-care program. Last I heard there was at least a year's waiting list. There used to be a three-year waiting list, but they solved that problem by raising the fees so high that most Googlers couldn't afford it. (Seriously. It was out-and-out explained that the oversubscribed daycare was an economic problem, and higher prices would resolve it.)  Come to Google for technological challenge, come for brilliant co-workers. But don't come for a kinder, gentler software company, at this scale, there's no such thing.
The learning curve for a particular technology could be high since there are so many technologies are used here at Google.
Too many duplicate parallel products/efforts
High expectations of staff to self manage and self-motivate may be difficult for some. Feedback must be sought, rather than expected.
Google is the only company I've ever worked for where I've had to put up with an endless supply of childish and disrespectful behavior coming from coworkers. It's also the only workplace I've been to where my manager behaves like a 12 year old.  The amount of hypocrisy is appalling as well. You have people who have been brainwashed into the "Googley" way and then the hypocrites who piss on the company's core values while expecting the rest to be nice and googley all they long.  Google prides itself in having a peer review system which means hard work is recognized and high performers get promoted. Really far from the truth, if your manager doesn't like you, for whatever reason, you will be left there to rot while other get promoted in front of you, no matter how high your performance review scores are.
Has employees from different counties and aspects. Also casual and frendly atmosphere in the company. Great food keeps energy up.
There are too many people working so sometimes you get lost The timiings aren't that great you have to be working alot
No direct access to other teams. Feels like working in a vacuum. Quit after 4 months.
Uncertain career progression and development. Promotion processes can be opaque. In the end this is still an engineering company. Next comes sales...and everyone else is expendable. 20% time only applies to engineers. Culture progressively changing to be more corporate. Not easy to move or rotate internally.
I was only there for a few months, so I did not really find any cons. Probably if any would be commute between buildings.
- it's hard to leave because it's very comfortable. - people are settled into current roles. - does not feel like a start up.
not as exciting as an active job. Even though you spend alot of time sitting on the job there isnt much to do on the computer instead of working.
as the company is scaling in a very large way, getting promoted is now a very long process and can be quite frustrating
An expectation that you will work all hours of the day - breakfast, lunch and dinner is provided for a reason. Not the best salary in the world, but everything else that's great about the place makes up for that. There's a bit of "that's not out remit" discussion between departments, which can lead to things not being picked up.
The company has become large and slowed down. Once you have a nice side project, it's challenging to get it to grow.
salary is medium, but benefits (free food, healtyhcare, bike plan) will counter that seems the growth and the opportunities are a little bit stretched
Company is slowly getting bloated in terms of # of people and pace. No longer is as agile and fast paced as it used to be.
Smaller office can be rife with cronyism and local management more concerned about their relationship with their superiors rather than their reports.
Extremely bureaucratic. As part of a sales force I spend less than 10% of time talking to clients, about 60% of time reporting, the rest is meetings. Slow decision making processes due to bureaucracy. Very poor middle management - middle management is just people who happened to join Google early and stayed. Unclear career paths. Reportomania. Micromanagement. Poor salary, even when perks are taken into consideration. Environment with many initiatives that only serve to increase internal visibility towards managers but does not create any real value. If you work here, make sure you understand how your work is measured and do not spend any time on anything else, even if those metrics are clearly hilarious. Leadership by spreadsheets and not by people skills.
Working in a highly competitive field means that you have to be on your toes all the time to stay ahead.
Pay If you can't participate in the culture, it's not as fun
Hiring process sucks. It is an elitist organization who only values GPA and not actual experience. Plus the process for process sake and thousands of spreadsheets is cumbersome. You spend more time updating and submitting reports rather than doing your job, just to justify why you are there. Management by data and metrics, if that is your thing, you will excel here. Otherwise, run to the nearest exit.
engineering-driven project development, limited career growth for non-eng, doesn't provide career development assistance, doesn't value experience much from other industry
highly innovative high competition sometimes stressfull
Sometimes difficult to get to another position.
Poor management by team leads and next few layers. Received conflicting instructions. Supervisor's and management are not willing to stand up for their people or rock the boat for what is right. Easier to say they will take care of something and not do it than to do it.
Not happy with current boss. No free drink anymore. Less benefit
there are little opportunities for growth perks are nice, but it'd be better to be compensated as such work is not that interesting
the downside is that the work load at the google is very high and you should work hard to achieve the target.
Sometimes the management loses focus about the priorities and puts the wrong people forward for the wrong jobs. Having cool star trek names is not the only thing which makes a work place 'tick'
maybe try take on more permanent roles instead of temps
1. Nothing that you learn at google can be reused 2. Lot of sucking up. You get tired of it. 3. Peers are arrogant
Egos Fiefdom building Not flat Little to no headroom if you have neither a PhD nor an MBA from an ivy league school Salaries
- Organizations are slow to move. - Promotion policies are bizarre
It is becoming very corporate.
the company is going down the hill since 2008, and the compensation for the new employees is not impressive compared to competitors
- Controlled chaos is sometimes not controlled - No meaningful people management or development (looks like things are changing now) - Functions outside of eng and prod have considerably less influence
Unfortunately, the culture of the company has changed as the company has grown and it's obviously much harder for any given individual to make a significant impact. Furthermore, a lot of product decisions and strategies are still tightly controlled from the top, which is no longer scalable with an engineering force of more than 10,000. This leads to a large number of engineers working leisurely on products not essential to the core company strategy.
lots of work but limited upside as compared to starting a company
Google is a larger company now and it's a bit harder to make an impact than it was when Google was just a start up.
Large company comes with some politics and harder to make huge impact. Not much more in the cons area. Google is a great place to work.
Managers - Anyone who has worked at Google will agree that the managers are below par. I wouldn't admit is is true in all cases. However, the average manager at Google, just doesn't have the leadership skills required.  Lack of transparency from mid management - While the top management is quite clear/transparent with it communications/plans, it is totally absent from mid-management. Again, the issue is with managers. Most managers are busy driving their personal agenda, and they often neglect others' growth in the company. Promotion criteria is totally biased towards 'favourable employees' being more favoured.  Career prospects - Google isn't a place for long term career planning. After a point in time you are stuck, and your role leads you no where, and some of the operational-role based teams aren't sure about the direction of the team. Discussing this with your manager is of no help because the manger simply doesn't have the time for such career enhancement talks.  Overall, Google is headed towards being any other big organization with bureaucracy ranging from lunch table to promotions to reviews.
Things are moving slower. People are feeling the pressure of the economy. Bad balance between work and personal life.
-very low salary -low growth potential
Depending on what department you are in, your experience will vary a lot. In Online Sales and Operations, career paths are limited. Google tends to hire bright, young, over-qualified Ivy League grads into jobs that may not be the best use of their talent. Therefore, turnover is high, and many OSO positions are a good place to spend 2-3 years at most.
They only let you do this job for two years. Feedback was sometimes lacking or confusing.
- Immature or no leadership and middle management - subtly arrogant in some cases, very arrogant - extremely competitive so there's little trust among employees - non confrontational culture, so issues are not resolved - management means that they let issues get resolved or fought at the employees level or tucked     under the rug - too much hype and not enough thought to what they do
very corporate as opposed what people think managers have little headroom to grow since its a flat org
Poor management, terrible and untrustworthy HR department, little to no advancement opportunities, low pay/salary structure compared to the marketplace.
Inexperienced management, cult-like internal 'droid' type mentality amongst workers, limited career growth, beware: 99% of job descriptions posted by Google are VERY misleading, take Ivy league and top 25 graduates and place in generic customer satisfactions roles on phones, absurd work hours (60 hr per week), too many people believe the corporate spin - remember - Money & other magazines give the top spot to whoever slips the most under the counter. Misleading motto: "Don't Be Evil"
project is too complex, do not have own time for the research. pay is not high compared to other companies.
+ Flat org structure makes it hard to move into team lead roles + You have to promote yourself and your work well to get ahead + Not as entreprenuerial of a working environment as a few years ago, more process now
Work life balance was not always respected by management, plans would sometimes have to change with no warning. This was rare thought.
- at times consensus driven culture paralyzes teams and action - flat organization means little opportunities for career advancement promotion after a certain point -- there just aren't enough senior manager / head / director roles available
very busy life and you have to work long hours and therefore you will be lack of personal life and exercise
Google is rammed with absolutely top class people...which means it is very difficult to stand out, make promotion & get the best projects. This can be frustrating to people who have come from smaller, less well-staffed companies (who are most likely used to being the big-star) as they can end up feeling unappreciated. Googlers are also a fairly arrogant bunch...which means that it can be difficult to lead, as everyone is convinced of their own rightness, and the overly democratic method of decision making means things can move more slowly than you would hope.
Sometimes it seems that the company loses sight of some of its activities, which results in duplication and scarce integration of efforts. Also, not everything is "interesting cutting edge technological work", at Google: sometimes very smart people have to do very boring jobs, because the areas that bring the higher income are also the most established, less innovative and most "traditional", in terms of what kind of work activities they need.
deadlines need to be hard working lacks training and tutoring political and incompetent management who are more interested in promoting their own agendas than working in the best interest of the company
- "managed chaos" is a joke, it is out of control - high tech company running on intensively manual or haphazard processes - constant change and restructuring of organizations driven by poor decisions - excessive meetings with no clear decisions or execution path, lack of single decision maker - laissez-faire attitude resulting in inconsistent and/or incoherent practices across the company - political and incompetent management who are more interested in promoting their own agendas than working in the best interest of the company
disorganized environment low pay poor management structure free for all
Political, political political. Promotions are not based on merit, rather based on who you suck up to. Not fun anymore.
- Bureaucracy (not sure if there is any company that escapes this) - Innovation (despite great products, there is a lot of scope to innovate) - Deadlines (not sure if my manager understands running fast makes you finish late)
Google is a very young company still, so not all of it's infrastructure seems to be in place just yet.
no fun and culture as compared to google in other countries no appreciation and encouragement less transperency than expected from google
- Not blabbing a lot about what you do means that you're not doing much. - Can be too competitive in some teams. - A lot of monkey business in Sales..
The downside of working at Google is getting lost among all the other brilliant people. The loudest and most talkative employees are the ones that get the most recognition. The people who complain the most get the most attention.
Neverending workload and hours, constant firedrill - change for change's sake, lack of recognition, very limited career opportunities for many (all of whom are used to being high achievers), highly political, company rests on its laurels regarding its reputation as a great employer
Google is now a very big company, and decisions involve a lot of people -- some times it's hard to get things done even if they seem simple.
Google definitely has a work-life balance problem. Also, some of the people had a very entitled and arrogant attitude, which was quite off-putting.
no work life balance support
No career advancement, no insight into how your individual work ties into higher level strategy, lack of professionalism, strategic and organizational changes are executed slowly and ineffectively.
- sometimes long hours - too many projects going on at once - too much emphasis on GPA's
-No room for growth. -If you are a contractor and didn't go to a top tier school, you will not become permanent. -GPA is more important than job performance for movement within. -Work isn't challenging as you are just another person sitting behind a computer.
Too Many meetings too much paper work
Expectations are high. Expect to work a lot of hours
-Low compensation for the lower positions  -Limited promotion opportunities  -Most people here are over qualified for the type of work they do, resulting in lack of challenge.  -Becoming increasingly bureaucratic as it grows, which means more budget approvals and red tape.  -Hard to diffirentiate yourself amongst all the smart people, making it harder to advance.  -The lower pay in Google is supposed to be balanced out by all the 'perks' provided to you in the office, however unless you think that someone else knows better your consumption habits, you would probably want to have the cash instead!
For my first week, I was given the task of working in the "AdWords Approval Bin" - a place where all automatically disapproved ads are kept and individually screened by Google employees. Many interns were given this for a week or two. Some people apparently spent half their internship doing it. Its not challenging nor stimulating - its very repetitive.  Although they do give interns big projects, from my experience very few of the projects (especially if they are focused on AdWords) will be implemented. This is due to the fact that most changes to AdWords are typically incremental and only seem to tweak what has already proved itself to be a very succesful product.
Most managers are jokes and if you are not their pet employee will barely know you exist. This mean that on quarterly and annual review your manager will inflate the work done by his favorite employees and strongly back their deserving for a bonus, promotion etc, while having little to say to the committees about the value of your work. If promotions are rare and reserved for a select few, raises are almost non-existent and far below inflation.  20% time mean you have to sleep less and work more during the week and forget about weekends. The running joke is that 20% percent means you work 20% more time than the current 140% time you spend on a fictional 40h work week.  Taking vacation lower your performance ratings resulting in lower bonus and less chance for a promotion or raise. Same goes for sick days, parental leave, or even for being unreachable on a weekend (while not on call).  Some of my coworkers had to complain to HR about their managers and got little support. HR would not recognize any wrongdoing and downplay issues as personality mismatch and misunderstandings. I've witnessed situations unblock with HR only after a VP was contacted for help by the employee.
Too Mountain View centric. Most key persons are in HQ and most important decisions are made there. It's a pain for offices to collaborate across timezones. For example, it's impossible for JAPAC, EMEA, and the US to meet together.
It really depends on what department you're in. Often times, you can feel like just a number, even though Google really prides themselves on having a start up culture. Google is a large corporation, and that is starting to show more and more due to the economy.
However, unless you are careful, you might find yourself digging a hole with no way out. It is no longer as easy to climb as it used to be within the organisation.
Nothing is wrong with google.
Long hours sometimes, not being able to talk about what you are working on outside the company
too busy and too many meetings
A few years ago during the internet boom we all received fat raises so our salaries would keep pace with the booming silicon valley. Well, those days are over, and look how well most of those start-ups with their extravagant compensation packages did. You want a fatter paycheck? Create some revolutionary product that raises profits: your paycheck is tied to Google's bottom line. A long time ago people came to Google because they wanted to work for a company that was changing the world, not because Google offered the fattest paycheck. Google compensates well, but if what you're looking for is a new Porsche every year then look somewhere else. I want to work with people who are excited to work on great software, not those who are obsessed with counting pennies.
There were two major downsides of doing temp work from home for Google. One was the astonishing lack of communication. This shifted a little while I was working there, they began developing a sort of report card system so that we could see how our rating work scored compared to previous months and how we were doing overall. But while I was there, that system only worked for a small fraction of the projects I was working on, so it wasn't particularly helpful.  More to the point, there was no positive feedback given to anyone at all, and communication between employees seemed to be discouraged - two classic characteristics of a dysfunctional work environment. Occasionally if a rating was very far off of what they were looking for - usually due to a typo or misclick - they would send it back with a warning saying so, but that represented the sum total of feedback given. Personally, I found it very difficult to work with no input about whether they wished I were going faster, whether I was going faster than my peers, whether I was doing a great job, or - most of all - any input about how to improve in general. Sure, it's a year-long temp job, but one which can potentially be repeated after another year has passed - and besides, who doesn't want to receive positive feedback and learn how to improve and receive more? I guess more importantly, who doesn't want to know what the expectations for their work are??  The one saving grace for me was that I found a forum for people working from home where some other folks who were doing temp work for Google could get together and chat a little - without breaking any confidentiality agreements - about what we struggled with, how much we were able to do in a day, and what we thought the expectations for us were, based on all of our experiences.  The other major downside was that the temp agency they used, WorkForceLogic, was just TERRIBLE - specifically at handling payroll, which is a terrible thing to be terrible at. There were many times that I didn't get paid, got a bonus deducted from my check instead of added to it, et cetera - and it was always a different mistake from all the ones they had made before, and it always took them a while to figure out what had gone wrong, track down whoever needed to fix it, wait for them to get back from lunch or an appointment or come back to work the next day or.... And they were no better at communication, really, I had hoped that once this assignment was up I would be able to get more assignments through WFL, but no matter how many phone calls I made, nobody could ever figure out who I should be talking to or find anyone who would return calls.
getting increasingly political, some benefits are getting cut off
There is no clear career progression, and management is arrogant.
It feels like it's tending to become more bureaucratic. Nothing like on the scale of my last job, but still not what I expected when I joined.  "Gut feel" and intuition are far outweighed by numbers. That's not necessarily a downside, but it does mean you are restricted to only making certain kinds of arguments if you wish your recommendations to be taken seriously, and this style doesn't necessarily suit everyone.
Advancement is difficult, as there are a lot of talented people competing for a relatively small number of promotion slots.
Your job is generally dreadfully boring, so the good perks are the only thing you can really look for to. Once these are taken away I'm not really sure why someone would want to work there, usually perhaps you are an engineer. There is no real career growth at Google, because no one wants to leave, this forces the best talent to leave the firm prematurely while the good old boys keep their well paid jobs.
The perks are pretty good. But the salary is way below par. You could earn twice as much working in the financial services sector for the same hours. The rationale that you are working for Google so you should be happy with your salary is bogus.
A little chaos. I only joined this comany for months, so no more opionions.
non engineers are treated differently, it is slowly becoming a rigid organization, so getting a promotion becomes difficult (depends on your department and how old it is).
As the organisation grows, the 'flatness' of it makes it pretty exhausting: there are too many other people and functions to deal with, and very little opportunity to delegate responsibility. A corollary of is that you're valued and recognised in proportion to how you're viewed by those many other people, which favours those who're noisiest. Self-promotion and internal marketing for yourself and your projects is (usually) something you need to take time over if you're going to do well here, and that's a pity because it's mostly unproductive - in the sense that the company or the projects don't improve much for you shouting about them.
You're given the opportunity to work on your own ideas, but you often find that someone else is working on exactly the same thing. It's hard to find an interesting piece of work that you can call your own. Also projects are getting more and more siloed into the different offices, so you will only be able to work on specific projects.
As it has grown big, Google has become miserably stagnant when it comes to giving proper recognition to employees, during perf-cycles and promotion. They manage to suck the top brains from fresh college grads (from IITs, IISc) at a low package and yet quoting an attractive package which differs from CTC by at least 12000$ (yearly). Needless to say, these include the cost of "perks" shown at a exaggerated rate and some components which are never realized. Whereas in off-campus recruitment they make reasonably good offer (often more than double, triple the amount offered to college hires of same level) to get a candidate, even if it maybe for test-engineer position.  Work is often monotonous, and rarely helps to your career growth. Even after working for years on so-called "cool" products, but that hardly sells outside google. And if you think you're going to spend your entire career in Google until retirement, it's going to be a sure-shot peril to your technical career. So, ret rid of the pride of working in the "best company" and look for a better career for yourself.
Where do I start? If you have completed more than 5 years work in your career, don't even consider joining this glorified telesales centre. It is mind-numbing work, filled with smart people bored out of their heads and quitely killing time to get the 2 year stint onto their CV. The place is full of politics. My line manager did not address me for more than one sentence at a time for the first FOUR MONTHS I worked there there. It simply was not going to bring her any benefit or kudos to be seen fraternising with an inferior. The arrogance of the place is pretty astounding too. 'You should be honoured to be working there'. My peers were great people, but it's the kind of place you have to be sure you are going to fit in, because if you don't (in my team about 20% of us) you will not last more than a year before slowly losing the will to live. If fussball, free food and a great social life is high on your agenda, go for it. If self-development, career progression, nurturing and supportive environment and understanding management are important to you, look elsewhere
Limited opportunities for advancement, arbitrary compensation system, lack for feedback/professional development.
Google needs to do a much better of matching the skillset of employee and the role being offered.The
Some of the drawbacks of the this compny is that the management is very unorganized out there. They are very mechanical in their approach and miss out on the personal touch. With the changing ways and methodologies of various operations of the company, I'm facing great problems to cope up with and carry on with my work like I used to do previously.
Work life balance. You have to force yourself to take advantages of the perks. If your position requires you to constantly travel you may never get to enjoy these perks. On top of this, Google expects you to extend them a credit line of up to 2x your monthly salary sometimes while traveling. They take their sweet time to reimburse you.
They don't suffer fools. If you move into an area that is not your strength, you can be penalised - a move from engineering to project management might take someone six months to get up to speed. In that time, they may be given only "adequate" performance reviews. All companies have 'dull jobs' that are hard to automate. Google only hire 'best and brightest', which means some people can be really bored.
You will not have any career opportunities within the company. The task for the new graduates are pretty boring on the long term. It is almost impossible to move from an office to another, so don't expect to come back to your country if you are an expatriate. You will only meet graduates from the best schools because Google only hire in some colleges, no real background diversity.
too yuang company need too speed up for business growth
The company is growing rapidly and sometimes it is hard to stand out in the crowd. A lot of the technology is grown in house so while you may be able to enhance your general skills, you can't put 'X' on your resume as Google doesn't use it while everyone else does. Individual experience and satisfaction varies greatly by department and manager.
There is no clear career progression, and senior management is arrogant.
Il s'agit d'une entreprise avec beaucoup trop d'échelon ce qui peut causer des lenteurs dans la résolution de problèmes.
Rien a signaler tout est nickel, j'aime mon poste et je ne le cederais pour rien au monde. Entierement satisfait, c'est tout ce que je voulais!
Politics (viel), reports-driven-development, man soll nur die glänzende Dinge machen um Karriere zu machen.
Noté dans la masse, peu de liberté d'innover car la stratégie vient de Mountain View
Die geforderte lokale Flexibilität ist sehr hoch
Jong, lange uren, soms meer feedback
schichten, ansonsten keinen großartigen nachteile
Très dure d’etre Indépendant avec la vie actuelle (administratif)
Usine vetuste, se concentrer sur son travail et rien d'autres
Dat ik niet elke dag ga kunnen werken want ik zit in een examen klas
aucun inconvenients a déclarer bonne entreprise
Commitment für das neue Unternehmen
Teilweise Bürokratie und lange Wege für ein vergleichbar modernes Unternehmen.
Dans certains cas, un manque de connaissance "métier" des secteurs d'activités adressés
Culture pas toujours respectée, beaucoup de politiques en interne bien plus récompensée que la méritocratie, RH, fuite de certains des meilleurs éléments en externe car manque de reconnaissance ou de possibilité d'évolution et l'entreprise ne cherche pas à les retenir. Organisation de plus en plus pyramidale avec management recruté en externe, ce qui est frustrant pour beaucoup de salariés. Parfois, mauvais équilibre ou répartition des tâches, certains éléments sont sous pression et vont droit au burn out, tandis que d'autres sont en vitesse de croisière - - et obtiennent promotion et honneurs... Ce qui doit être commun à toute entreprise mais s'avère décevant pour celle-ci qui semble très soucieuse de son image RH.
Hab nichts Negatives zu sagen
Les lourdeurs administratives perturbent le travail au quotidien, on passe la plupart de son temps à faire du reporting. Une entreprise très politique: Pour évoluer, il est plus important de "briller" en interne que de bien faire son travail avec ses clients.
Arbeit über mehrere Zeitzonen hinweg
Pour évoluer il faut faire beaucoup (trop) de politique. La méritocratie n'est pas toujours au rendez-vous, plus particulièrement en ce qui concerne les roles commerciaux.
Management ist sehr unorganisiert und es interessiert keinen was die Mitarbeiter machen
Kann ich keine nennen.
moet vroe opstaan je hebt veel stress
Rien de Inconvénients que place calme
Ne pas travailler plus dans les beaux locaux de Paris
Equilibre Pro/Perso Charge de travail Changement d'objectifs contants
Management ist sehr unerfahren. Der Mensch wir eigentlich wenig wertgeschätzt. Alles ist sehr hektisch und planlos. Worklife Balance. Management erwartet unermüdlichen Einsatz. Es wird immer so getan, dass man sehr viel mit den Mitarbeitern reden würde. Aber leider sieht das in der Realität nicht so aus.
Mauvaise organisation, la communication interne laisse a désirer
grosse boite, difficulté de la mobilité interne, politique importante
- Tendance à la Mono-culture, restez ouvert
Pas d'inconvénient à mon avis ! Travail un peu difficile peut-être.
Wenn man die Zeit hätte, sie zu nutzen..
Les équipes françaises sont parfois isolées du cœur américain de l'entreprise. Les ingénieurs sont poussés vers l'indépendance mais peu vers le management.
Je n'en vois pas du tout
surveillance renforcée sans contrepartie sur la garantie des libertés individuelles
Vous êtes la propriété de google
Hoge werkdruk, eigen aan de natuur van de organisatie.
Kein Einfluss auf Strategie und Gewinn
Manque parfois de structure dans l'execution
Sollicitation des autres entreprises constantes
salaire de base parfois faible
Beförderung wird exponentiell schwieriger je höher man kommt
Schwierige Aufstiegsmöglichkeiten, Qualitätsmessung könnte verbessert werden bei Perf Ratings
grosse charge de travail parfois, trop importante
les jobs plus "mainstream" sont pas aussi sexy qu'il semblent - c´est souvent 99% de l'execution avec un minimum de reflexion strategique. le management n'est pas toujour trés inspiré.
On mange, respire, rêve Google. C'est extrêmement prenant, on ne compte plus ses heures et son dévouement. À éviter si on veut une vie de famille
het blijft een groot bedrijf dus je kan je snel ook bedreigd daarin voelen als je dat niet gewend bent, maar het geeft je ook wel perspectief.
Je suis parti car je me suis trouvé face au plafond de verre
Rares possibilités de CDI pour les intérimaires Pas d'autres inconvénients
Difficulté de saisir l'immensité de l'entreprise et de ses services, son organisation
Pas de bières lights et pas de mars glacés
Je moet naar Dublin voor het interview. Als student zijnde maakte dat niet heel veel uit, maar ik kan me voorstellen dat het iets lastiger wordt zodra je een ban hebt.
-Beaucoup de pression -Equilibre vie pro/privée quasi inexistant -Peu de promotions/evolutions de carrière possibles
EU Standort in Dublin. Zu großer Fokus auf Beförderung. Demotiviert die ganze Belegschaft nach einer gewissen Zeit, falls es bei noch so guten Kandidaten nicht klappt.
Boring. Pas de challenge. Pas d'impact véritable.
Je n'ai pas d'inconvénient parce que je sais bien mais traduire vous faire une examen pour voir et en plus j'ai travaillé dans ça
Matrixstruktur, alle reden mit und keiner weiß wer die letzte Entscheidung treffen kann.
Starke Konkurrenz, langsamer Aufstieg, sehr definierte Rollen.
Zu viele Mails, sehr schnelles Tempo bei Neuerungen und Produktentwicklung, hohe Anforderungen, hohes Arbeitstempo, mehr fällt mir echt nicht sein
- Lange dagen als je ontbijt en avond eten wou gebruiken werd je geforceerd 10 uur op kantoor te verblijven
Les heures longues du fait que ce travail est à temps complet et ainsi, c'est difficile pour une personne comme moi de tenir
Tiempo, objetivos, talento, beneficios y condiciones de trabajo
Sehr motivierte Mitarbeiter machen Aufstieg in Geschäftshierarchie nicht einfach.
C'est un avantage et un inconvenient: le talent. Afin de progresser il faut entrer en compétition avec des personnes d'un talent incroyable.
Demande beaucoup d investissement personnel car beaucoup de concurrence tout de même , assez dur d y rentrer et perspective d'évolution lente
Lage ist ein wenig angespannt also mehr entspammungs möglichkeiten wären gut bzw herrvoragend dementsprechend eine gute Kantine nötig an Sonaten ist nichts weiter anzumerken
Moeilijk een baan te krijgen. Je moet al een goeie opleiding of carriere hebben .
I can't find any cons about working at Google.
Enges Korsett, sehr motivierte Kollegen machen eine schnelle Karriere schwierig
Verdienstmöglichkeiten zu gering für den aufgewendeten Einsatz (work-life-balance)
Travail de bonne heure
nb d'heure de travial C'était dur de gérer vie privée et vie professionnelle.
nicht genug fördermittel vorhanden hier
zu wenig Essen Gehalt nich hoch genug
- Hierarchie des Unternehmens - Schnelle Entscheidung, nie Pausen. Etwas weniger agile Mitarbeiter bleiben auf der Strecke
Bcp de travail demandé malgré les apparences
Charge de travail lourde, equilibre vie pro/vie privée difficile, managers pas toujours à l'écoute
Die "Helden" bei Google sind die Programmierer, Sales u Marketing ein "übel", was man benötigt, um das Geld zu verdienen, um tolle Produkte zu bauen.  Im Sales sehr viele extrem eingebildete Persönlichkeiten, da jeder eine sehr gute Ausbildung vorher genossen hat, zig Sprachen spricht, im Ausland war und am besten noch Jugend forscht oder im Olympiateam gewonnen hat (überspitzt).  Salesdruck hat über die Jahre sehr zugenommen ...
Zéro stimulation intellectuelle, rewards aléatoires.
Manchmal wird man unter dem bisherigen Niveau eingestellt. Gut nachfragen, was jedes Niveau für Erfahrung und Erwartungen entspricht.
Pression, c'est dur dur
